Those in charge of determining what will be successful ofttimes have nary a clue as they’ve no ear or taste for that which they’re entrusted to know.
The Peter Principle becomes exponentially more applicable as the pace of change increases – the powers that be become incompetent at a much faster rate than in previous generations.
The larger the company, the smaller the risks they wish to take. No truly inventive program has originated on the big networks; they wait to see what sells, and then copy it or buy it outright, usually losing what makes the program edgy in the process.
Information is power. That’s why corporations and governments and thieves scramble to obtain it and hold on to it, and why they try to keep you and I from having it.
America has always talked a great game when it comes to the military. Uncomfortable fact: 12% of US homeless adults are veterans with 50% having serious mental illness. Oh, there he goes again, ruining Memorial Day weekend barbecue and beach fun and frolic with the facts! Knowing, learning, reading and understanding puts folks into the unenviable position of knowing what’s true and what’s fiction. Our veterans, whom we proudly and publicly proclaim we love, need our immediate help. Platitudes and symbolic gestures are nice, it’s a start, but that’s not what is required. Mental health evaluation, outreach and treatment, especially, are critically needed. And in addition to honoring service nd those who’ve paid the ultimate sacrifice, stop the next war.
Don’t bother me, I’m too busy waving this flag. Ignorance is indeed bliss. It’s glorious. You don’t have to be concerned with pesky reality. Myth, fable, lies – who cares? Look, face it. Americans are busy with memes and perceptions and feelings. Not reality. And it’s a glorious weekend and there are barbecues to attend and melanomas to bake. Enough with the guilt! When it comes to waxing patriotic all you’re going to get is a pithy phrase, a snappy salute, a timely tweet and a “patriotic” post. Something about “never forget” or . . . something. And remember, you can’t forget something you don’t and didn’t know in the first place.
‘War is Terrorism with a Bigger Budget.’ There’s still a fetishization of war and combat. Layered with misplaced patriotism and statism. It’s by no means deliberate or negative in intent. It’s just the way we’ve been programmed. But even the best of programing can be upended.
Ignorance Is Indeed Bliss and Prototypically American [ 32:06 ] Play Now | Play in Popup | Download (812)
LIONEL PODCAST: Stop Patting the Military on the Head Like Children, Stop Patronizing Them and Stop the Rate of Suicides and PTSD
The definition. Patriotism is, generally speaking, cultural attachment to one’s homeland or devotion to one’s country, although interpretations of the term vary with context, geography and political ideology. It is a set of concepts closely related to those of nationalism. Today it means schmaltzy and patronizing references to an obeisance of everything military. A mindless patellar and Pavlovian reflex that claps like barking seals whenever any military venture is considered or contemplated with absolutely no concern for returning vets and their physical and mental conditions. It’s who we are. With our bumper sticker, playbook, cookie cutter, echo chamber drivel. Dime store fealty. John Wayne, Ronald Reagan and a snappy SUPPORT OUR TROOPS bumper sticker for our gawdy SUV. With no concern or care for anything involving the reality of modern warfare.
In early 2013, the official website of the United States Department of Defense announced the startling statistic that the number of military suicides in 2012 had far exceeded the total of those killed in battle—an average of nearly one a day. A month later came an even more sobering statistic from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs: veteran suicide was running at 22 a day—about 8000 a year.
Since the United States was founded in 1776, she has been at war during 214 out of her 235 calendar years of existence. In other words, there were only 21 calendar years in which the U.S. did not wage any wars.
Pick any year since 1776 and there is about a 91% chance that America was involved in some war during that calendar year.
No U.S. president truly qualifies as a peacetime president. Instead, all U.S. presidents can technically be considered “war presidents.
The only time the U.S. went five years without war (1935-40) was during the isolationist period of the Great Depression.
1813 – War of 1812, Tecumseh’s War, Peoria War, Creek War, U.S. expands its territory in West Florida
1849 – Texas-Indian Wars, Cayuse War, Southwest Indian Wars, Navajo Wars, Skirmish between 1st Cavalry and Indians
1854 – Texas-Indian Wars, Cayuse War, Southwest Indian Wars, Navajo Wars, Apache Wars, California Indian Wars, Skirmish between 1st Cavalry and Indians
1859 Texas-Indian Wars, Southwest Indian Wars, Navajo Wars, California Indian Wars, Pecos Expedition, Antelope Hills Expedition, Bear River Expedition, John Brown’s raid, U.S. forces launch attack against Paraguay, U.S. forces invade Mexico
1866 – Texas-Indian Wars, Navajo Wars, Apache Wars, California Indian Wars, Skirmish between 1st Cavalry and Indians, Snake War, Utah’s Black Hawk War, Red Cloud’s War, Franklin County War, U.S. invades Mexico, Conflict with China
1869 – Texas-Indian Wars, Apache Wars, Skirmish between 1st Cavalry and Indians, Utah’s Black Hawk War, Comanche Wars, Franklin County War
1870 – Texas-Indian Wars, Apache Wars, Skirmish between 1st Cavalry and Indians, Utah’s Black Hawk War, Comanche Wars, Franklin County War
1871 – Texas-Indian Wars, Apache Wars, Skirmish between 1st Cavalry and Indians, Utah’s Black Hawk War, Comanche Wars, Franklin County War, Kingsley Cave Massacre, U.S. forces invade Korea
1877 – Texas-Indian Wars, Skirmish between 1st Cavalry and Indians, Black Hills War, Nez Perce War, Mason County War, Lincoln County War, San Elizario Salt War, U.S. forces invade Mexico
1890 – Sioux Indian War, Skirmish between 1st Cavalry and Indians, Ghost Dance War, Wounded Knee, U.S. forces invade Mexico
2011 – War on Terror in Afghanistan, Iraq, Pakistan, Somalia, and Yemen; Conflict in Libya (Libyan Civil War)
In most of these wars, the U.S. was on the offensive. Admittedly, some of the wars were defensive. The data leave out covert CIA operations and other acts which could be considered war.
So we can add 4 more years of war. That means that for 222 out of 239 years – or 93% of the time – America has been at war. (We can quibble with the exact numbers, but the high percentage of time that America has been at war is clear and unmistakable.)
Stop Patting the Military on the Head Like Children, Stop Patronizing Them and Stop the Rate of Suicides and PTSD [ 32:34 ] Play Now | Play in Popup | Download (863)
The etymology. Bread and Circus, is defined as “something, as extravagant entertainment, offered as an expedient means of pacifying discontent or diverting attention from a source of grievance.” Whether it’s the media coverage of Letterman’s agonizing and seemingly interminable valedictory or #Deflategate or the series finale of “Mad Men” – which, interestingly enough, was eclipsed in ratings 2:1 by a 60 year-old colorized rerun of “I Love Lucy” – bread and circuses denote “the generation of public approval, not through exemplary or excellent public service or public policy, but through diversion; distraction; or the mere satisfaction of the immediate, shallow requirements of a populace.” A “superficial means of appeasement.” Behold our society. And know it’s not a matter of accident, it’s deliberate.
Ah, to be mindless. It’s a national pastime. ‘Neath the heft of statism and nationalism and a emerged set of disconnected connectivity. Who cares? Not I. I’m too busy. But I will feign and pretend and act as though I’m a part and involved. But who can be too connected with all this distraction going on? There’s David Letterman’s valedictory. This pretend sadness over the end of a successful television reign of a weird misanthrope and human mystery. Distraction. Diversion. Sleight of mind. Look, a puppy! The attention span of a gnat we have. Evanescence of interest. Poof! Gone. Disappeared. Abracadabra and film at 11. News, sports and weather. Traffic on the 5’s. We’re doomed, kids. Doomed.
What does not destroy us maims us. What the hell was Nietzsche thinking?This idea that somehow catastrophe forges our strength and steels our mettle is beyond absurd. It’s poppycock and bunkum. It’s yet again another mindless reference often cited and repeated by the mindless. What does not destroy me, what comes short of destroying me, oftentimes is incalculably devastating. It’s like those lunatics who rephrase and repeat and reiterate carpe diem! Or that you can do anything if you set your mind to it. Tell that to a stage four cancer victim hanging on in a blinding terror. Go ahead, Mr. Positivity. God, how I hate mindless tropes and silly aphorisms. Keep your nostrums to yourself.
We’re gone. This country needs a psych eval and stat. We are unable to nuance and partition thought. We are kings and queens of double standards and hypocrisy and imaginary logic. We loathe the notion of double standards in media unless it is a double standard that we approve of. It’s not that we are a racist country, but rather, we are a country so blinded by race. This podcast is a continuation of yesterday’s discussion on the Waco “kerfuffle” any further disquisition on myriad topics anent this country that I find thoroughly fascinating.
Notice anything odd? Look at how this lone cop is standing, backed turned, to these hoards of gang members involved in shootouts and – get this! – threatening cops. No RoboCop gear, MRAPs, Kevlar, shields, drones, dogs, tear gas . . . nuttin’! Amazing, isn’t it? And if they are corralled and subdued via arrest, the participants are not referred to as thugs and, better yet, the altercation is referred to as a “mêlée.” How quaint. I prefer kerfuffle. There are no disquisitions and analyses on the role of absentee fathers on these bikers previoutating violence against society and/or police officers. No mention of religion. No references to what particular music styles might encourage this type of behavior. No categorization of the event as “white on white crime.” In fact, look again at this officer standing with this back to the nabbed Cossacks and Scimitars. He seems almost naked in terms of the dearth of 1033 battle surplus and overkill armament that we’ve become sadly used to. You have to be in a coma not to immediately realize the difference in reportage. To call the double standard misses the point altogether. It’s deeper than that and more emblematic than symptomatic.
Here’s what he said on SNL. “Child molesters are very tenacious people,” he began. “They love molesting childs. It’s crazy. It’s like their favorite thing. When you consider the risk of being a child molester — there is no worse life available to a human than being a caught child molester. And yet they still do it! Which you could only really surmise, that it must be really good.”
And? That’s it. That’s the essence of what was said and, of course, the media and “social” media are going nuts over this bit of piquant humor and I get it. I understand the context and unique spin, take and direction. So what? Now, look, no one’s calling for his skin or indictment or even arrest. But the week’s young. What this means is that we, as a society, must celebrate and recognize everything and anything hat is said, develop a sense of humor and and an appreciation for the absurd, and recognize that free and unfettered speech makes a society stronger and better and . . . well, alive. There are forms of humor that we may never see at first blush that are nonetheless relevant. And if you don’t like it, change the channel.
If it funny? Who cares? My life consists of discussing and analyzing stories and news items that are very controversial and most problematic to many. They destroy the conventional wisdom and official story. They establish that history is a fraud and that governments are corrupt and people gullible. And that’s indeed and admittedly most likely to offend and rattle. But so be it. Because, when all is said and done – If you don’t like it, change the channel.
Suspicions lie upon inspection of fire damage, energy concentrations and patterning, signature focus, targeted populations and geography, sinister enforcement of globalist agendas and a witches’ brew of dastardly protocols that most can't comprehend.
You don't argue when you're winning. But don’t expect Ted Baxter sockpuppet media to care if they’re the beneficiaries of oversight, negligence or criminal conspiracy. Incidentally, let me reiterate, who appointed Snipes to her SOE political loft? None other than Low Energy Jeb.
My native state of Flawda has given the comedy world more material than one could imagine starting with the days of the dimpled, pregnant and hanging chad. Who could ever forget the pained mien of Katherine Harris, the Secretary of State during the (in)famous recount?
The poster child for psephological malpractice appears to be the inimitable and mind-boggling patron saint of incompetence Brenda Snipes, Broward County SOE and the franchise’s public enemy number one. (And, let me add, by the by, she was appointed by none other than Jeb Bush.)
To our veterans. Your service, sacrifice and commitment are honored. May there come a day when war is obsolete. As George C. Marshall noted, “If man does find the solution for world peace it will be the most revolutionary reversal of his record we have ever known.”
"All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident." — Arthur Schopenhauer
LIONEL PODCAST: Two Huge Reasons Why July 2nd Is Significant: World UFO Day & the Inaugural of Lionel’s New PIX 11 Early Morning News Show
Please note that all rights are reserved for all material on this site. If you'd like to use a photo (or anything else), for whatever reason, please ASK FIRST. If you don't have permission then don't do it.
Cambridgeshire [ Waterbeach to Cambridge | Waterbeach to Ely ] Essex [ Burnham on Crouch | Burnham on Crouch to North Fambridge | Mersea Island | Mistley to Manningtree | Purfleet to Grays | St Osyth to Clacton | Thorpe le Soken to Walton on the Naze | Tollesbury to Maldon | Walton on the Naze to Frinton on Sea | Wivenhoe to Brightlingsea ] Grand Union canal [ Blisworth to Flore | Flore to Long Buckby | Leighton Buzzard to Tring | Limehouse Basin to Paddington Basin | Stoke Bruerne | Tring to Hemel Hempstead | Uxbridge to Rickmansworth | Yelvertoft to Long Buckby ] Hertfordshire [ Hertford to Broxbourne | Sawbridgeworth to Roydon ] Isle of Wight [ Freshwater to Tennyson Down ] Kent [ Kemsley to Swale | Margate to Broadstairs | Margate to Herne Bay | Ramsgate to Broadstairs | Wye to Chartham ] New Forest [ Ashurt to Brockenhurst via Minstead | Ashurt to Brockenhurst | Beaulieu to Brockenhurst | Beaulieu Road to Brockenhurst | Holbury to Blackfield | Ringwood to Brockenhurst ] Norfolk [ Cantley to Great Yarmouth | Great Yarmouth to Acle ] North Downs [ Box Hill | Cranleigh to Holmwood ] Northumbria [ High Newton to Alnmouth | Lynemouth to Amble | Warkworth to Alnmouth ] South-West Coast Path [ Budleigh Salterton to Exmouth | Colaton Raleigh common | Exmouth to Exton | Shell Bay to Swanage | Sidmouth to Budleigh Salterton ] Sussex [ Amberley to Arundel | Eastbourne to Exceat Bridge | East Grinstead to Kingscote | Newhaven to Exceat Bridge ] Thames Path [ Bourne End to Henley | Culham to Oxford | Hampton Court to Kingston | Richmond to Kingston | Staines to Windsor | Windsor to Bourne End ]
Sort By: Board Created Date Post Count Member Count Name of Board Hits in Ascending Descending Order.
The Astoria Moose Lodge is a fraternal organization, that is members only. We are non profit, and welcome new members. To join come to lodge, and ask a member to sponsor you.
Along with other units of Moose International, the Loyal Order of Moose supports the operation of Mooseheart Child City & School , a 1,000-acre community for children and teens in need, located 40 miles west of Chicago; and Moosehaven , a 70-acre retirement community for its members near Jacksonville, FL. Additionally, Moose Lodges conduct approximately $50 million worth of community service (counting monetary donations and volunteer hours worked) annually. Additionally, the Loyal Order of Moose conducts numerous sports and recreational programs, in local Lodges and Family Centers in the majority of 44 State and Provincial Associations, and on a fraternity-wide basis.
You can join the Astoria Warrenton Area Chamber of Commerce as a business, a nonprofit organization or an individual. Learn more about the benefits to you and the community.
Check out some of the hot deals and member to member deals available exclusively to members of the Astoria-Warrenton Area Chamber of Commerce!
As above looking for a bench type set up, the old fashioned type that drives the alternator for output and load testing,
Posted by Paul neasham on October 21, 2017, 6:11 pm, in reply to "WANTED - Alternator / Starter Tester #"
Hi did you ever get sorted with this .i have an octopus tester for starters alternators and distributors its old heavy and ex mod ,converted to single phase haven't used it for years but have now retired and going to sell off all my gear.probably worth £250 ? Regards Paul
Posted by Ed Parry on October 26, 2017, 12:48 pm, in reply to "Re: WANTED - Alternator / Starter Tester #"
Posted by Paul neasham on November 1, 2017, 5:53 pm, in reply to "Re: WANTED - Alternator / Starter Tester #"
Hi ed sorry I haven't replied earlier but was searching for the bearing puller but must have sold it a couple of years ago .the pole shoe screwdriver I have found it was made by crypton no less .let me know if you are interested at about 40 quid and I will send photos .post code to collect is ts159ph regards paul
Posted by Ed Parry on November 2, 2017, 10:51 am, in reply to "Re: WANTED - Alternator / Starter Tester #"
Hi Paul, very interested in the poleshoe screwdriver, could you send pics to info@parryauto.com please?
Posted by Rob Nicholson on November 5, 2017, 4:37 pm, in reply to "Re: WANTED - Alternator / Starter Tester #"
Apologies didn't see this, would you mind sending me a picture via my email, it's actually for a guy I know in Russia sold him my Pro-Cut lathe, if it's what he's looking for I'll put you in touch with him
Posted by paul neasham on November 5, 2017, 6:07 pm, in reply to "Re: WANTED - Alternator / Starter Tester #"
rob do you want pictures of the alternator /startertester or the pole shoe screwdriver?what is your email address?does he want anything else cos i have just retired and havent started to sell anything off yet and although i say it myself we were well equipped .regards paul neasham email nashatyarm@aol.com tel 01642 780456 or07930725876
Posted by Rob Nicholson on November 14, 2017, 9:52 am, in reply to "Re: WANTED - Alternator / Starter Tester #"
DCI are leading manufacturers of tracking equipment for the HDD industry with its flagship brand “DIGITRAK” based out of Seattle. The popular Walkover Tracking Systems are F5, F2 & SE. The F5 locating system supports five frequency transmitters and is complete with real time annular fluid pressure monitoring system, tension monitoring and enhanced bore path LWD (log while drilling) DataLog feature with blue tooth download technology apart from being compatible with “Cable Drilling” and Magnetic Guidance System(SST).
Our products are backed 24/7 from our customer service offices in USA, Germany, Australia, China, India and Russia, providing world class service.
Computers - Quarter 4: Assignments, Assessments, Notes, Documents, and Vocab - Mr. Rewa's Class Website
This blog is no longer in use. Please visit http://blogs.lshtm.ac.uk/library/ for the latest news and events from the Library & Archives Service
The Library will be closing at 1.30 pm on Friday 22nd March in preparation for the DL Reception which is being held in the Reading Room that evening. The Library will reopen as usual at 9 am on Saturday 23rd March.
one Star Remodeling of Texas is proud to be a Diamond Sponsor of the FISD ClineFest School Carnival. We encourage all local residents to come out and support this worthy fundraiser for our local schools.
When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins!
Retired from active duty to train new IMF agents, Ethan Hunt is called back into action to confront sadistic arms dealer, Owen Davian. Hunt must try to protect his girlfriend while working with his new team to complete the mission.
berlin, cia, vatican, white house, secret identity, secret, explosive, mobile phone, map, traitor, mask, honeymoon, shanghai, pretended murder, secret mission, letter, funeral, covered investigation, to shoot dead, secret agent, video, stamp, hard drive, e-mail, decipherment, suitcase, computer, revenge, murder, mission, hospital, duel, disguise, celebration, good and bad, research laboratory, blast,
Tablet versus shopping mall, scrolling versus browsing, packet delivery service versus shopping bag. In international comparison, online shopping in Germany in 2015 amounted so far to 8.4 percent of overall retail sales, placing it among the top-10 e-commerce countries. That is higher than the worldwide average of 7.3%.
Blockbid is now registered with the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (Austrac). This makes it only the third company granted permission to legally operate as a cryptocurrency exchange in Australia since new regulations came about last week.
Austrac has approved an application by cryptocurrency exchange Blockbid, in accordance with the new regulatory powers given to it starting 3 April 2018. The platform’s main differentiating feature compared with most other marketplaces is providing insurance to users against any potential cyber-attacks. It also plans to offer the ability to trade with at least seven different fiat currencies in the next 6-12 months, with four available during an upcoming beta launch.
David Sapper, COO at Blockbid commented: “Since its inception Blockbid has always wanted to put customers security and peace of mind at the forefront of building a one-for-all platform, allowing our users to trade with confidence. As a registered digital currency exchange in Australia we are looking forward to opening up our doors worldwide to all traders and investors who want to use a platform that is legitimate and provides asset insurance as well. This is a big step not only for the Australian cryptocurrency space but also for our company as it means that our vision to allow you to trade with confidence has been acknowledged by the Australian government under AML/CTF guidelines.”
Blockbid also revealed further details about their beta launch, set to go live April 16th. It will begin with a limited number of users, who will explore the platform without trading real currency, and will continue until developers and users are satisfied with delivery.
After upgrading the system based on user feedback and further testing, phase one of the beta launch will open to general the public. This will commence with five cryptocurrencies and four fiat currencies: bitcoin (BTC), bitcoin cash (BCH), bitcoin gold (BCG), litecoin (LTC), ripple (XRP), USD, AUD, JPY, and EUR. Lastly, many additional tokens will be introduced in phase two of the beta launch.
Should Australians feel safer with local exchanges getting licensed by the authorities? Share your thoughts in the comments section below.
Do you agree with us that Bitcoin is the best invention since sliced bread? Thought so. That’s why we are building this online universe revolving around anything and everything Bitcoin. We have a store. And a forum. And a casino, a pool and real-time price statistics.
The post Australia’s Blockbid Exchange Granted Cryptocurrency License by Austrac appeared first on Bitcoin News.
9-September-2018 admin Comments Off on Countries Such as North Korea Use Cryptocurrency to Bypass Sanctions, Experts Warn
Victor Kong (photo) was hired as VP of Digital Media of The Cisneros Group more than two months ago. In addition, the Cisneros Group just announced of its new business enterprise, RedMas, a Hispanic Mobile Ad Network and Mobile Studio. ...
Joseph Olin has been appointed executive director of the International Digital Media & Arts Association (iDMAa), a decision the organization said would provide new strategic direction and focus as it positions itself as a champion for educators and ...
Western Digital's digital media streamers have always been solid options for playing back your mishmash digital media collection, but now they're one step better at handling premium services, too. Western Digital announced today that Hulu Plus support ...
As another year draws to a close, we once again take time to reflect on key milestones from the past 12 months and share some of the agency's insights into emerging digital trends that will have the biggest effect on multi-channel strategies in the ...
Agent155.com will provide content management tools for hosting, storing and streaming up to 15GB of digital media FREE. Agent155.com will also provide many ways to market and promote one's talent and skills, including Twitter and Facebook API ...
This nine screen digital media wall was one of the company's first big installations. The screens, donated by Seagate, post information about community events, changes at the library and stream live events like TED Talks. ...
Bangalore:Digital media and content firm Trivone Digital Services Ltd completed its first round of funding by raising an undisclosed sum from the US-based venture capital Accel Partners, the company said Tuesday. "The fund will be utilised for working ...
A pair of developments announced Monday will help cement the city's reputation as a centre of excellence in digital media, as well as a beacon for other communities around the world to follow. Specifically, Stratford will be home to the first ...
Sree Sreenivasan, Digital Media Professor at the Columbia Journalism School, used CheckFacebook.com to point out some important, perhaps surprising social media trends that could aid UN anti-poverty efforts. According to the site, 157.4 million ...
They recognize the need to use new digital media to engage, educate and inform in real-time, according to the CMO Council's “Delivering Positive Impressions During Market Depressions.” The year-end survey of 120 marketers reveals that 87% report the ...
Media2win will be responsible for the digital marketing initiatives encompassing creative ideas, social media, digital media planning & buying, search, mobile and other innovative solutions for UTV Motion Pictures, a leading movie production house in ...
New technologies from social media and mobility to rich digital media devices, and natural user interfaces are transforming how and where consumers and business users interact with content – and therefore how and where marketers connect with customers. ...
... has revealed that the successful implementation in various sectors such as retail, hospitality and banking, has helped create greater awareness about the business value and the impact on the bottom line of digital media applications. ...
Digital-media strategist Jeff Jarvis has proposed what he calls a “reverse paywall,” where the more active users would see their charges reduced — but admits this would probably never work in the real world. But what if loyal readers were rewarded in ...
The AirVinyl iPad app, produced by Air Studios, is claimed to successfully recreate the depth of sound found only in Vinyl in digital media files played through the Apple tablet. The service is similar to the popular retro camera apps, ...
In the digital media universe, significant progress is being made on the "content everywhere" framework for television programming, movies, and other media. This is going to force some important economic, business model, and customer experience ...
But the use of digital media among children spells an opportunity for advertisers, according to the media agency Carat, which carried out the survey. Of 200 children aged between 4 and 9 involved in the survey, 90 per cent said they watched television ...
As the company homes in on making its NYTimes.com Web site a long-term profit generator, analysts widely expect Ms. Robinson's replacement to have a strong technology or digital mediabackground. “The Times is moving even more quickly to double down on ...
Photo: Alamy By Emma Barnett, Digital Media Editor Parents will now be able to clearly see if the digital content their children are trying to buy or stream is too old for them or may contain unsuitable content. Accompanying the logo, which Amazon, ...
Digital Media Group took an observer seat on GameFly's board. Publishers currently participating in Unlimited PC Play include: 1C; 2D Boy; Atari; Bohemia Interactive; Capcom; Iceberg Interactive; Interplay; iWin; Kalypso Media; Layernet; ...
Skyword, a content farm, secured $6 million in funding from Cox Media Group, Inc., a broadcasting, publishing, direct marketing, and digital media company. The investment will expand Skyword's business. Cox is the sole investor in the company, ...
With the rapid expansion of digital media, more alcohol brands are swiftly moving toward the digital space to market their ads, and this raises concern according to CAMY. According to Consumer Reports, more than 30 percent of minors on Facebook inflate ...
... live NFL games since 2008, we are especially excited to now bring our unique and innovative SNF Extra video experience to the NFL Playoffs, Pro Bowl, and Super Bowl,” said Rick Cordella, vice president and general manager, NBC Sports Digital Media. ...
An expert in digital media and communications, Lukas began his career at CBS where he served as Director of Digital Media. While serving as Director, he was the recipient of the Web Marketing Award for Outstanding Achievement in Web Development. ...
Ambient Digital, a large advertising network in Vietnam, and MCM, an advertising anddigital media group in Indonesia, will start using US-based Amobee's end-to-end online advertising platform, it was announced last week. Ambient will be using Amobee...
NASCAR coverage on digital media platforms is looking to expand, perhaps as soon as the 2012 season. Sports Business Daily reported Monday that NASCAR is close to reaching an agreement to buy its digital rights back from Turner Sports, ...
Watching the Doctor Who Christmas Special has been a British tradition for years, and just in time for this year's festivities comes the much-anticipated.
In my first post in this series, I discussed the urgency behind stimulating innovation in Canada and how, in particular, innovation in digital media boosts productivity which is a key driver for prosperity. In this blog, I'd like to take this conversation ...
Product & nature of innovation. Piqer is an Android app which makes accurate recommendations for places to go and things to do based on what a user has in common with others. Piqer has the ability to apply social networked collaborative ...
Photograph by: Les Bazso. Team pitches businesses in hope of funding from wealthy venture capitalists. SILICON VALLEY — It's a mild, sunny autumn day in Palo Alto. This is the home of Stanford University and the birthplace of Silicon Valley ...
MUMBAI, Dec 19 (Reuters) - U.S. private equity fundAccel Partners said on Monday it had acquired a minority stakein unlisted Indian digital media and content ...
How Advertisers Are Using Rich Digital Media - CGW explores how leading-edge graphics techniques, including the 3D modeling, animation and visualization ...
Popular streaming channels: Netflix: The king of movie and TV show streaming. $7.99/mo. YouTube: User-submitted videos and some original programming. Free. Hulu Plus: TV shows days after they air and some movies. $7.99/mo. Amazon Prime: A strong Netflix competitor with other Amazon benefits. $79/year. Crackle: Movies and TV mostly from Sony's library. Free. Vudu: Movie rental site owned by Walmart. Fees per movie
© 1999-2015 Expri Communications LLC All Rights Reserved. email@expri.com. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
When Riki’s "perfect world" is threatened she embarks on a plan of vengeance to take back what is hers from her husband's ex-boss, Morgan Fahr. She soon discovers that she revels in the feelings of power she has over men like Fahr, through casual sex, and seeks it out with a shady lawyer as well. But as her simple blackmail plot spirals out of control, Riki begins to realize the only way out… could lead to murder.
What does a frumpy forty-something woman do when she meets two hot young men determined to change.....
Leaving Earth had been Kyra’s idea. Being stolen while in stasis and sold to an arena was not. Figh.....
THIS IS A RE-RELEASEWhen an archive runs to Grandma's house, she runs straight into the arms of a wo.....
Warning: Adultery Police officers on night patrol have an erotic experience during their patrol w.....
Will Hunter turn into a puppet of the Evil Shades of Zardan, or will his Fireheartmate save him? .....
The widdershins, an ancient creature that has walked the Earth for an eternity, calls out in the .....
Sometimes you do get just want you want for Christmas.Last Christmas, Misty gave Joshua Walker her h.....
This is a previously published book.Dominick Sawyer fishes Claixto Medina Lopez out of a clandestine.....
Jack Burns and Samuel Dresser are a young gay couple who love their cabin by the lake. On this oc.....
From the mountains and the valleys, they came to Texas for a new start, for freedom and for liber.....
Penny and Wolf experience an erotic out-of-body shapeshifting experience courtesy an alien artifact,.....
Shapeshifters Penny and Wolf transport themselves to Eden, where they enjoy a threesome with the gov.....
Jaynie and Bryce become closer after a scare and dealing with Bryce's past. Each girl in the office .....
Jaynie is unsure, Bryce is frustrated, and both are confused. Fears from their pasts are blocking th.....
Bryce finds himself the center of attention of an all-woman office. He finds sexy Jaynie's coolness .....
Suellen tells Santa she lusts after a romance cover model. Santa's helper Carlos fits the build. Add.....
As Alpha of the Paradise clan, it's Adam Greer's duty to save his people from extinction. With Ni.....
In this world populated only by men, Brand is the uncommon man who is sexually attracted to them,.....
In a World where the Alpha are the law, Beta the order, and Omega the knowledge…the Delta have be.....
Back in Vermont after a splendid Christmas with our assembled descendants, bags unpacked, dogs retrieved from their Club Med week at the Halfling B&B, I am now on the long annual slide towards spring.
Every year, as soon as Christmas is over, things take on a different look. A spring look. The day is a couple of minutes longer, a difference, my husband insists, that no one could possibly notice. But I do. I notice and take action, which means that at about this time, every year, I buy a houseplant.
This Christmas I received an amaryllis bulb, and yesterday, before even unpacking my bags, I opened the package from the nursery, read the directions, moistened the growing medium, nestled the giant bulb in it, and placed the pot by a south-facing window next to a zonal geranium that, as excited as I by the lengthening days (and by the sun reflecting on the Christmas snow) has put out a bright red bloom.
That amaryllis is getting a lot of attention. Whenever I walk by it, I cannot help thrusting a finger into the growing medium to check for moisture, or giving the pot a quarter turn so every side gets equal exposure to light, or spritzing it with water.
This is the halcyon season for my houseplants, when, in the throes of gardening frustration, I coddle them and chat with them and give them baths in the kitchen sink. And every year, I add to the collection.
Today in the grocery store, despite the pregnant amaryllis bulb waiting at home, I couldn't resist a sprightly, bright-green little fern. I also bought a miniature orchid that fits exactly on the windowsill above the sink, where it will never lack for moisture.
In March, as soon as I plant my spinach seeds in the snow, all my senses will turn towards the outdoors, and my interest in houseplants will begin to wane. By June, when harvesting and weeding begin in earnest, I will wonder what possessed me to burden my life with houseplants that, after all, possess no edible parts.
But right now those little houseplants, as needy and useless and absurd as teacup poodles, are keeping me sane, hopeful, and focused on that long slide towards spring.
Ate cookies for lunch yesterday, because my spouse is away. This is something I would never do when he's around, not that he would object in any way. The most he would do is ask me to let him have a couple. But still, I wouldn't do it.
Then in the evening I worked straight through the "dinner hour" on a clay sculpture, not stopping until I reached a true stopping point. I cleaned up, made a fire, had a glass of wine and the rest of the cookies, and some almonds. And did the universe punish me by making me sick to my stomach or, worse, causing me to gain five pounds? Not at all. In fact, this morning I am half a pound lighter than yesterday.
Today I may commit other infractions, though they won't be cookie-related (I cannot bear to even think of cookies right now). I may have an all-spinach dinner--sauteed with olive oil and garlic--or I may spend the entire night downstairs in front of the fire, with the dogs.
I am always surprised by the pleasure that these short periods of solitude bring. Since the earliest days of our marriage, the prospect of my husband going on a trip has plunged me into separation anxiety. Though the passing decades have taught me to abstain from throwing hissy fits as he packs his garment bag, I still, every time before he goes, devoutly wish he wouldn't.
And every single time, the moment the car disappears down the driveway, a strange exhilaration seizes hold of me
Don't think that the thought of his return depresses me. The only thing that would depress me about that is if it were delayed by even five minutes. But there is something about the change that a temporary separation brings--the slight variation in daily rhythms, the ability to follow one's impulses from moment to moment, the silence--that is, temporarily, rejuvenating.
Eventually blessed conjugality resumes, enlivened by the hiatus. As Bertie Wooster would put it, variety is the s. of l. Or, as the witches say, "merry meet and merry part, and merry meet again."
Celebrated the end of deer-hunting season by taking the dogs out for a walk in the woods behind the house today.
Over the last couple of days the weather has changed wildly, from frosty and snow-covered to a tropical 50F in which all the snow melted, then back today to frigid and a fresh three inches of snow on the ground. I knew that Bisou would get ice balls all over her coat if I took her to the woods, but I also knew that she would have a nervous breakdown if I left her behind, so I let her come along with Wolfie and Lexi.
The woods looked properly Frostian, dark and deep and full of snow. There were no animal tracks on the ground--no rabbits, squirrels or turkeys. The deer that survived the hunting were hunkering deep in their winter yards.
Old arthritic Lexi, whom I've always suspected of having Husky blood, and who was feeling the effects of her recent acupuncture session, trotted along looking spry. Wolfie looked like a black paper silhouette pasted on all the whiteness. Bisou barreled along up to her shoulders in snow, oblivious to the ice balls forming on her coat. Every once in a while, to ensure that they didn't forget me, I would call the dogs and give them each a slice of string cheese, then let them take off again.
Being in the woods, just a hundred yards from my back door, is like being on a different planet. Around the house, even in the dead of winter, there is always noise--hens cackling or pecking at the floor of the shed, chickadees chirping and fluttering around the feeder, the clothes dryer humming inside. But in the snow-filled woods, the silence is about as absolute as I'm likely to experience in this lifetime.
Back inside the house, the Shepherds were dry in two seconds, but Bisou was another story. She was decorated like a Christmas tree, white balls hanging from every one of her long feathers. I brushed and shook off as many as I could, but the ones in her armpits had turned to solid ice.
I took her into the bathroom, closed the door, plugged in the diffuser and turned it on low. Nothing much gets to Bisou, not even the cleaning lady's super-powered vacuum cleaner, but she had never come in contact with hair-drying appliances before, and she hid behind the bath towels hanging from the rack.
I sat on the floor and periodically waved the diffuser in her direction. Eventually, she realized that this was a good thing, a vanquisher of ice balls, and came out from behind the towels.
When she was dry I went into my study and stretched out on the bed and Bisou hopped up and curled against me and I covered us both with our special dog-hair-covered fleece throw and we had a nap.
For the fourth year in a row Vermont has been named, by those whose business it is to know such things, the healthiest state in the nation.
We are outstanding in access to pre-natal health care and medical insurance. We are--and this surprised me--the least obese state. I see hugely fat people whenever I go to the grocery store: not only obese old people riding in those little carts, and men whose bulging stomachs force their jeans to slide perilously over their hips, but huge young women, in their late teens or early twenties, whose waist-to-hip ratio is the opposite of what it should be. I worry about their skeletons, and what pregnancy will do to them, and how they'll fare carrying all that tonnage around by the time they're forty. Granted, my supermarket is just over the line in New York, but plenty of Vermonters shop there. If this is the slimmest population in the country, what must the rest of America be like?
Vermont is not without its health problems, though. Binge drinking is one. There are a lot of colleges in the state, which might account for the some of the drinking, not to mention those long winter nights and power outages.
Low rates of infant immunization is another. I don't know a lot of people with babies here, and I haven't quizzed the ones I do know about their take on vaccinations. But I do know a number of dog owners who, having done a lot of reading and being of an independent mind set, vaccinate their pets minimally if at all. My hunch is that young Vermont parents fall along the same lines.
If you ask me, the main reason Vermonters are healthy is that there aren't many of us--fewer than 700,000. My long experience with chickens has convinced me that the best way to keep a flock in radiant health is to keep it small--that means less competition for food and dirt baths, plenty of room on the roost, no manure accumulation, and a benign pecking order. Plus, chickens like to be known and called by name.
For humans, less crowding means plentiful parking, short check-out lines, no road rage, blessed quiet (sometimes it's too quiet), clean air, and postmistresses who know you by name. Now wouldn't that make anybody feel better?
Everybody knows about foxes--we have lost a couple of hens to them, in broad daylight--and about dogs who team up and go on the rampage. Hawks are bad too. Our first spring in Vermont, we lost two hens to a red-tailed hawk.
Fishers, or fisher cats, are ferocious members of the weasel family, dark brown, low to the ground, and evil. At night their screams sound like a woman being murdered. We have seen a fisher cat a couple of times in the woods behind our house, but so far it has come no closer. A single fisher will kill an entire poultry flock just for fun, and leave the mostly uneaten carcasses behind for you to find in the morning.
We haven't seen a bobcat around here yet, though I know several people who have. Bobcats are big and furry and tigerish, and I'd almost consider a hen a good price for a glimpse of one.
Coyotes are commonplace in the area, and we've come across their deer kills in the woods. But we've never seen one, and I would dearly love to: Vermont coyotes are extra-large, because they breed with Arctic wolves.
You hear a lot about coydogs attacking livestock. Coydogs are not shy, eyelash-batting Golden Retrievers. They are hybrids of coyotes and feral dogs, and they are fearless and mean. Recent DNA research indicates that dog-coyote hybrids are rare, in contrast to the quite common wolf-coyote mixes, so the coydog may be a myth.
I once knew a woman from NYC who thought that deer broke into hen houses and ate chickens in the night, but deer are probably the only critters that will leave a chicken--or a duck, turkey or goose--in one piece. Otherwise, poultry are easy prey for just about everything that roams the woods at night.
The Vermont Bird Fanciers Association list serve abounds in tales of prized laying hens and pet roosters disappearing without a trace. Of mother ducks being dragged quacking from the nest. Of wholesale massacres of turkey flocks on the week before Thanksgiving.
And for every tale of woe there is a proposed solution. Dogs work well as deterrents in the daytime, by patrolling the general area. But in these frigid nights, a dog would have to sleep with the chickens to keep warm, and no dog can be trusted that far.
Other suggestions include: play loud music in your barn all night (the writer doesn't tell us what that does to the hens' laying rates). Install dusk-to-dawn lights in the barnyard. Get goats--but what good is a goat against the offspring of a coyote and a wolf? (See Alexandre Daudet's story "La chevre de Monsieur Seguin").
Get a llama--they are big and tall and supposedly will kick--or worse, spit on--a predator. Get an alpaca--in this economy, alpaca farms are trying to cut down on their male populations, and though daintier than the llamas, alpacas are supposed to exhibit the same helpful behaviors, in addition to fabulous fleece.
Or get a donkey. Donkeys kick as well as any camelid, and a close-up donkey bray can put anything to flight. Plus you can ride your donkey when you take your eggs to the farmers' market.
My six hens don't have any of these fancy defenses. Lord knows the dogs alert to the slightest squirrel in the woods during the daytime, but at night, when they are roasting by the wood stove, it would take something wolf-size to rouse them.
Much as I love my six ladies--even the one who lays thin-shelled eggs that break in the nest and make a mess--I must say I like the idea of predators lurking in the dark. Every evening as I call the hens into the shed and close their doors tight, I like to think that Nature--poor, tamed, benighted, threatened-from-all-sides Nature--is still sometimes red in tooth and claw.
A couple of hours of big flakes yesterday, and now at last everything is white--the hills, the roads, the meadows. Time to get the driveway cleared, time to sweep the steps, time to watch where you step.
Stick season is finished. Even though the days will grow shorter until the 21st of the month, the darkest part of the year is over now that the snow is on the ground, because all that white reflects and magnifies whatever light the gray sky has to offer. That is why I can get geraniums to bloom indoors in Vermont as they never did in Maryland, where the ground stayed brown until spring.
Christmas is barreling towards us. I have made the best arrangements ever for the dogs at a B&B run by Bisou's breeder (here) The hens will be diligently cared for by a neighbor who specializes in pet-sitting.
The humans are the only ones left to deal with. What will make each of them feel loved and cared for? The size and quality of the gifts is the obvious answer, the one that every retailer propounds. But it is not the real answer, not the answer that I seek as I put on my boots to take the dogs out, and as I shake the snow off my boots and bring the dogs back inside.
Last week, because of a big wind storm, we were without power for 48 hours. That means, theoretically, sans lights, sans water (because the well pump runs on electricity), sans stove, or heat, or clocks or radio or computers. And food rotting in the fridge and freezer.
In reality, because we have a gas-powered generator, we did have water, and our winter food reserves did not go bad. We had one lamp, and we even had TV, and internet access. And, of course, we had our wood stove.
But we had big extension cords all over the house, over which we and the dogs kept tripping. And we had to plan what we were going to use when. And we kept turning things off so as not to use too much gas. And the generator in the garage sounded the Battle of the Somme.
I was surprised by how much it got to me. Power outages in summer are a different matter. Then it's warm, and there's stuff to do outside, and it stays light until almost 10 p.m. But these days it gets dark by 4:30, and it's cold, and every last lumen is precious.
I'm ashamed to admit that this December outage put me in a foul mood. My resentment was compounded by feelings of guilt and unworthiness, which in turn made me even less pleasant to be around. Why did I feel guilty and unworthy? Because, I said to myself:
1. Think of the millions of people around the world who have no electricity, ever, and who would kill to have a generator blasting away in their garage--if they had a garage.
2. You have clean, fresh, lovely water. You can drink and wash your hands and take hot showers. Think of the millions of people, etc.
3. If you're tired of microwaved snacks, you can get in the car and go to a restaurant and have a hot meal. Think of the millions, etc.
4. If you are feeling this way now, what are you going to do when the real Armageddon strikes? When there is no electricity, and no gas for the generator. When hungry hordes roam the land. When you run out of firewood and dog food and shampoo? A local power outage is nothing compared to what you may have to face sometime in your remaining years. Living in Vermont is no guarantee of anything.
Then, in the middle of my darkest musings, the power came on. And, reader, I rejoiced. I laughed and cheered and was happy. I felt purposeful and energized. Suddenly my every cell was bursting with joie de vivre.
Why? Because now I could go into a room and flick my finger and, behold, there was light. Because I could have soup simmering on the stove while answering my e-mail. Because the extension cords were gone. Because the generator was silent at last.
Then, of course, I started beating myself up about being happy just because the power was back. What kind of moral mettle was mine, to be destroyed and restored by the vagaries of the power company, the wind, the weather? Shouldn't I be standing on some firmer moral ground? Shouldn't I have more substantial emotional reserves to call upon?
Maybe I should, but the fact is, I don't. I'm just another benighted child of the modern age, addicted to light and heat and instant access across the globe. Just because I raise a ton of Swiss chard every summer doesn't mean I'm self-sufficient. I know that now.
In October I visited her in an assisted living facility in Mobile, where she was recovering from encephalitis (which all the doctors thought would kill her) and a broken femur (which is supposed to do 92-year-old ladies in for good).
She was in a wheelchair and having all kinds of troubles, but she looked elegant in her beige jacket and ivory scarf and her white hair with, still, terrific body and wave. The first thing she said to me was "Look at you! So young!" And when my sister, who is sixteen years younger than I, came to pick me up hours later, our mother said, looking at us standing at the foot of her bed, "What beauties! You look thirty at the most!"
During the hours I spent with my mother in the next couple of days, she grew progressively vaguer and more tired, but was still vibrating with emotion, and I found myself forcing her to take naps like a recalcitrant child, so I could have a rest. Otherwise, she talked non-stop: about her mother and father, her sisters and brother, my father, his parents, my sister, my husband, my daughters, my grandchildren. And she recounted again how, toddling beside her on the way to my grandparents' barn, on a summer day long ago, I had asked "When everything was nothing, what was everything like?"
The very day I left she went back to the hospital, and then to a nursing home, chosen because it was run by nuns (who would give her spiritual sustenance) and had a homey atmosphere, with dogs and kittens running around, and a big aviary full of birds.
But my mother is indifferent to spiritual sustenance now, to nuns and dogs and cats and birds, and even to my sister. "I'm supposed to be the light of her life," my sister says, "but when I walk in, hold her hand, pat her cheek, she stares right through me. She doesn't care that I'm there. She has no affect."
No affect? Our mother was an affect professional, a virtuoso. Even in the throes of encephalitis last spring, when her five doctors said she wasn't going to make it, she had affect. Tons of it.
For better or worse, my sister and I had, from birth, been the recipients of our mother's torrential affect. We complained about it--"Does everything have to be so earth-shaking?" We devised strategies against it--"Just agree with her. Don't engage. Say 'M'hm, m'hm.'" It made us crazy. But we always expected it
And now it's gone. So is everything else, except the ability to, very slowly, put food into her mouth...or into her juice glass. Otherwise, her body is inert. She cannot sit up or shift herself in bed. Still, she could go on--her heart beating, gut digesting, lungs pumping--for quite a while. She is her own life-support system.
But who is she? If she doesn't recognize the friends who visit. If she stares right through her own daughter. If she shows neither pleasure nor distress, who is she?
People say "she's not herself anymore." But if so, who is that stirring cole slaw into the cranberry juice?
All of which brings me back to the old catechism questions. What makes a person a person? What is the soul, and does it depart only when the grosser body apparatus quits? Doesn't a soul need a mind to anchor it? And when a person's not a person, what is a person like?
Six years ago today, we bought our house in Vermont. We arrived the night before, weary and frazzled from selling the house in Annapolis, packing the car with the dogs and every last belonging that the movers had left behind, and driving eight hours down crowded interstates to sparsely-traveled two-lane roads to Vermont.
The owner of the house we were buying had kindly offered to let us spend the night there, there being no motels nearby. The house would be empty and unlocked, he said.
We arrived in the dark. I remember that as we reached the eastern edge of New York State, Bach's Concerto for violin and oboe came on the radio, and I started feeling as if I were ascending to heaven. We found our driveway in the dark, and as we climbed towards the house, we saw a herd of deer, their eyes phosphorescent in the surrounding darkness, standing in "our" field.
We got out of the car, let out the dogs--Lexi, and little Mojo, R.I.P.--and walked down the driveway in the cold. We hadn't seen such darkness, nor such stars, since we were kids.
Today was weirdly warm, with winds up to 53 mph. Coming back home from an errand, I had to take a detour because of a huge pine tree blocking the road. In the afternoon, the lights predictably went out.
Thanks to our generator, we have water, and a single lamp, and I can write this (though I can't send it out), and the food in the fridge and freezer, the fruits of my summer striving, is safe. But the noise from the generator is so awful that the chickens refused to come into the shed this evening, and I feel battered by the uproar. Still, we have water, we have the one lamp.
The last six years have been...something. Without the anchors of jobs or schools, it has not been easy to make inroads into the community. On the other hand, many of the people we have come to know have become instant soul-mates--no need to explain about gardening or composting, no need to explain about animals. I've gone from friends who, when they learned I had goats would exclaim "but why?!" to people who nod and ask "what breed?" (I no longer have goats, alas, but that is another story.)
Like an adopted child, Vermont is a "chosen" state. People don't come here for jobs. They come because they want to be here. They come for the hills and for the farms in the valleys, for the sense of place, the town meetings, the progressive politics, the commitment to the environment (which doesn't mean there aren't furious fights, such as the one between proponents and opponents of wind energy). And once they're here, they figure out a way to cobble together a living.
There is not a day, driving out of our house, that I don't glory in the fact that there isn't a single ugly direction I can take. Driving down the valley, or up into the mountains, I will encounter no traffic jams, no road rage--just the winter-ready fields, and the bare woods.
I may come across, in winter, treacherous black ice, or wheel-stopping mud on a dirt road in spring. I will not chance upon a conveniently-placed mall where I can stop for a spool of brown thread or a spur-of-the-moment meander through a shoe store, or a movie. The village libraries, though they couldn't be more friendly, don't have a lot of books on their shelves. And we do not, alas, alas, have curb-side recycling or garbage collection, but must take every molecule of our waste personally to the dump.
But we have deep snows, wood stoves, cows in the fields, and thrushes singing in the woods in spring--and people who feel about these things the way I do.
For breakfast this morning, I ate an egg. It used to be you couldn't eat eggs, because they were full of cholesterol and they would clog up your arteries and you would die young. But now eggs are fine--an excellent source of protein and omega-3 oils and other good things. So I'm eating eggs again.
I put salt on my egg , too. For a while in the 80s salt was considered a killer, so I banished it from my cooking. I even found a way to make bread without using salt, and wrote an article about how to do this (it isn't easy). It turns out, however, that a no-salt diet is terrible for people with low blood pressure, especially for people with CFS and low blood pressure, so now I'm back to salting my food.
I cooked my egg in olive oil. Olive oil is the ultimate soul food for me. It is also pure fat, and my collection of non-stick pans attests to my fat-free period, sometime in the 90s, brought on by the Zeitgeist notion that you could eat just about anything without gaining weight (even cookies, especially cookies) as long as you steered clear of fat.
In addition to the egg, I had a small bowl of oatmeal. Oatmeal is loaded with carbs, of course. I lost a ton of weight back in the 70s on a practically-no-carb diet. I remember going into ketosis (a good thing, according to the diet book) and buying a whole new wardrobe. I also remember experiencing some savage food cravings. I know better now, of course, and have welcomed carbohydrates back into my diet.
As I sweetened my oatmeal with a little Vermont maple syrup--pure sugar, you know--I thought back to those grim days (was it in the 80s or 90s?) when, cowed by the fear of hypoglycemia and obesity, I eliminated sweetness from my life.
Having finished breakfast, I poured my daily regimen of vitamins and supplements into a pill box, and it struck me how the contents of that little box had changed over the years. They used to include megadoses of C (eventually proven to be ineffective against colds), later a good dollop of E (but no more, since it's supposed to be bad for you), also some gingko capsules (which we now know do nothing for memory), and I've forgotten what else.
Although my supplement list is pretty pared down these days, I do add some Vitamin D--the vitamin that our naked ancestors following game all day on the savanna got plenty of. The vitamin that we, slathered in sunscreen, swathed in synthetic fabrics and imprisoned indoors by our computers year round, are pathetically deficient in.
I usually listen to NPR's Morning Edition during breakfast, have been doing so for years. That is where I get a lot of my knowledge about which substance to banish from my diet and which to welcome back like a nutritional prodigal son.
Today, no sooner had I doled out my dose of Vitamin D than I heard a reporter say that research has shown that recent claims that we need Vitamin D supplementation in doses as high as 4,000 i.u./day are fallacious and misleading. We might need, the new research indicates, at most one tenth of that.
I'm keeping them for the day when somebody in a lab somewhere determines that megadoses of Vitamin D are in fact the key to vibrant health. I just hope that my sound nutritional practices enable me to live until then.
Four years after my disgraceful but relieving exit from the Birmingham Youth Orchestra, my father continued to worry about my lack of ensemble experience. When the woman who played in the last stand of the second violin section of the Birmingham Symphony went on maternity leave, he got me an audition with the conductor, and I was hired as a temporary replacement.
My stand partner was an elderly gentleman--he was probably in his fifties, but to my eighteen-year-old eyes he seemed decrepit--short, round, and balding. He can't have been a very good violinist, consigned as he was at the very end of the second violin rows, right up against the percussion section, but he knew his way around an orchestra score.
I, on the other hand, did not. It's not that I wasn't able to play the parts--they were not technically demanding--but I kept getting lost. If I blinked and missed a single note, I could never find my place on the score again. The entire string section would be galloping ahead and there I was, embarrassed to be seen not playing along, frantically scanning the page to find something that vaguely resembled the notes I was hearing. Sometimes my stand partner would take his bow off the strings for a nanosecond and point to the right spot on the score, but by the time I put my bow on my strings, I'd be doubly embarrassed, and behind again.
The long rests were the worst. In an orchestra score, there are frequently rests of forty measures or more. One is not during those intervals supposed to take short naps or review the twelve cranial nerves for the next day's biology exam. One is supposed to count measures: one, two, three, four; two, two three, four; three, two, three, four, all the way to measure forty-seven or whatever. Invariably, however, by the sixth measure, I was lost--was it six, two, three, four, or seven, two three four? My only recourse was to watch my neighbor, and start playing when he did.
But there was one situation in which he could not help me, and that was at page-turning time. As the "inside" partner--the one playing in the seat farther from the audience--it was my job to turn pages for both of us. This gave me a great deal of anxiety. What if I was lost when it was time to turn the page? What if, while holding my bow with the last three fingers of my right hand as I grasped the corner of the page with my index and thumb, my bow or, God forbid, the entire score fell clattering to the floor?
My months with the Birmingham Symphony were punctuated with musical faux pas. There was the time when, daydreaming during one of those long rests, I jumped a foot in the air as the percussionist clashed the cymbals right behind me...and the conductor saw me. And once I committed that ultimate orchestral sin, the accidental solo. Thank goodness this happened during a rehearsal early on, after which I rigorously abstained from playing either the first or the last notes of any score segment.
I was a freshman in college, majoring in Biology and French, teaching French and Spanish in the afternoons to school children, helping my mother around the house. Spending my evenings at rehearsal and my weekends playing concerts was not my idea of fun.
During my stint at the BSO, I don't think I ever talked with anybody, least of all my aged stand partner. I spent rehearsal breaks practicing whatever solo pieces my father had assigned me. I was tired. I had homework. I wanted out of there.
Mercifully, in the spring the woman I was replacing announced her plans to return to the Symphony. I was elated--just one more concert and I would be free.
As we were putting away our instruments after the last performance, my stand partner dug a small paper bag out of his violin case and handed it to me. Inside were two earrings, clip-ons with yellow rhinestones arranged in the shape of a treble clef. They were clearly second-hand, since they weren't attached to the little cardboard square that store-bought earrings come with. They looked hopelessly middle-aged to me, and I wondered as I stared at them whether they belonged to his wife. I remember thinking how weird it was to be given earrings by this grandfatherly person.
Fortunately, the gods who watch over teenagers and sometimes keep them from disgracing themselves inspired me to put the earrings on right there, and say a hurried thank-you. Then I closed my violin case and walked out of the Birmingham Symphony for good.
But now that I myself have begun to seem elderly to all but my contemporaries, I recognize the sweetness of the impulse of that long-ago violin player to give a gift of earrings to his hopelessly young and inept temporary stand partner.
Spent some time the other day looking through a fat catalog of late-Gothic sculpture in U.S. collections. I had no idea there were so many of those objects in this country.
Thinking of the additional thousands of ancient statues scattered throughout Western Europe, my vision of the era changed from one of peasants toiling in the fields and nobles hunting with falcons to entire populations carving away at limestone, alabaster, and linden wood, making virgins and crucified christs by the dozen, comely saint catherines, and kinky saint sebastians.
Statues of the Virgin Mary with the Infant Jesus outnumbered everything else in the catalog, evidence that even after 1500 years of Christianity, the Goddess had not loosened her grip on the people. She is represented standing up, one hip cocked, the opposite knee visible under the draperies that swoop up across her middle and are caught under (and lead our eye to) the arm that is holding the Child. That arm is sometimes the right one, but the left is much more common, because as any mother knows, infants are calmer when they feel their mother's heartbeat.
These madonnas have come a long way from the gravitas of their Romanesque predecessors, who glared at the faithful cowering at the foot of their thrones. Their plump faces framed by long curls, these later virgins smile beningly at their infants, or at the worshippers, or at their own thoughts. Their bodies twisted in a graceful contrapposto, their draperies swirling about their legs, they look like at any moment they might take flight, or start dancing.
Speaking of which, against all national stereotypes, the Catalan and Spanish statues are almost invariably reserved and hieratic, whereas the German saints with their spiraling garments and sinuous limbs look like flamenco dancers. The Dutch pieces are the wildest, including a half-undressed St. Sebastian wearing a fashionable courtier's hat, and a crucifix in which the ends of the dead Christ's loin cloth fly out behind him in whiplash curves reminiscent of Art Nouveau.
The sight of all this bounty disgorged by the churches of old Europe gave me a hankering to possess just one piece of my very own--a linden-wood Saint Catherine with maybe a couple of fingers missing, or an apple-cheeked Madonna holding a headless Child. Something unimaginably old, but somehow still alive.
Got six bales of mulch hay today, a kind of vegetable duvet that I plan to apportion to various living beings around here, i to make their winter more comfortable.
A couple of bales will go around the feet of the climbing roses I planted last summer against the chicken-shed wall. Climbing roses are supposed to be tough. But this will be my roses' first winter, and their name, "New Dawn," makes them sound so young and fragile that I'm going to give them a nice thick mulch this year.
I will also mulch the seven lavender bushes growing against the stone wall in front of the house. Not only did they survive last winter, but they produced an amazing crop of blossoms right through the middle of November. Some of their flowers, which I picked and dried in early summer, are now inside the scented "eye pillow" that helps me go to sleep at night.
I believe that the lavender's survival was due not only to the warmth of the sun that the stone wall captured and retained, but to the excellent snow cover we got last winter. Unfortunately, since thanks to global warming, even in Vermont we can't count on heavy snows, my lavender bushes will need hay to protect them if the snow is scarce.
Most of the hay, however, will go to the chickens. Now that the goats are gone, my six hens have almost 130 square feet of coop space. While that guarantees against the evils of overcrowding--hysteria, depression, and cannibalism--six birds hardly generate enough heat to warm up that much space.
The answer is a nice, deep, dry, crunchy bed of hay. Something they can scratch around in, peck at, poop on. Something to keep their skinny chicken feet away from that freezing-cold plywood floor. Something to spread on the garden next spring.
And something to keep me, as I snuggle under my duvet at night, from fretting about my six girls while the wind howls outside.
The weather has turned warmish, and the frogs that were hibernating in the muck at the bottom of our pond are surfacing again. Yesterday one of them was actually out of the water, sitting on the little marble block which was a favorite frog sunbathing spot back when there was sun. It's a strange sight to see a frog on the patio in the middle of stick season. I wonder what other wild critters are finding this warm spell confusing.
One of the confused critters is Bisou. After there was an ice skin on the pond for several mornings in a row, she had finally stopped dipping her ears in the water, hoping for frogs every single time she went outside. Yesterday, however, I saw her at the sliding door, and the wag of her tail told me, without my even looking out, that there was a frog on the patio.
So now it's started all over again, Bisou dipping her head in the water seventeen times a day, coming inside with dripping ears that need to be dried, wanting to go outside again....That frog on the patio constitutes intermittent reinforcement, which, if I recall correctly, renders a behavior harder to extinguish than 100% positive reinforcement. Which means that if, when Bisou looks out, sometimes there is a frog on the patio and sometimes there isn't, she'll be more persistent in her frog hunting than if there always were a frog on the patio (which might get boring).
In other news, last Halloween night a crime took place which struck horror into the hearts of the inhabitants of our micro-village. A guy in a gorilla suit went to someone's door and stabbed the man who opened it twenty-five times.
Coming on the heels of a robbery at the village store, this event had many of us rethinking our habit of leaving cars and houses unlocked. But now it appears that the gorilla episode was a hoax perpetrated by the supposed victim, who apparently was so desperate for entertainment (and here it isn't even winter yet) that he stabbed himself twenty-five times.
A cautionary note for those considering moving to our idyllic region: cabin fever--even in stick season--poses as real a danger in these parts as road-rage and street crime do in places where there are no frogs.
At the final rehearsal before one of our concerts, things were not going well. We were playing the overture to Wagner's Die Meistersinger, and something we were doing was bothering the conductor. He kept stopping and explaining--it seemed to have to do with us first violins--making us repeat, beating his baton on the lectern, and explaining some more.
Way in the back of the section, I as usual had no idea what he was saying. I was counting the minutes until time to go home. I wasn't even watching the concertmaster, the blue- and brown-eyed boy, very much. "Let's try it again," said the conductor. "And this time..." but again, I didn't understand him.
We played a few measures, the ones where the strings go up and up a series of intervals. "Stop!" he yelled, at the top of his voice. "You!! Back there!" and he jumped off the podium and walked to where I sat with my violin under my chin. He stood over me in a fury, yelling and jabbing his finger at my music and waving his baton until his breath ran out.
If there is one thing worse than being yelled at in front of an orchestra of teenagers (and I had never been yelled at by anyone before, except my mother), it is not understanding the content of the yells, because then the tone and the body language and the grimacing face convey rage at a much scarier, primordial, animal level.
The rehearsal over, I wept in the car all the way home. I'd had it with the Youth Orchestra. I'd had it with sitting all week in school not understanding what anybody said; trying to keep up and do my homework on weeknights; helping my mother with housework on Saturday; and then spending Sunday morning at Mass and the afternoon in rehearsal, being yelled at.
Miraculously, for once, my parents relented. My father spoke to the conductor, who played violin in the Birmingham Symphony, and explained that I hadn't understood him. He, the conductor, in turn apologized to me. But even then I disliked people who yelled and later apologized, and didn't really forgive him.
Maybe my father got tired of driving me to and from rehearsals on Sunday afternoons. Maybe he and my mother decided that I had enough on my plate. In the end, I didn't have to go to rehearsals anymore.
To this day, in a persistent Pavlovian reflex, when Die Meistersinger overture comes on our local public radio station, I turn it off. I hate the bombast of the opening measures, despise the strings' endless climbing scales.
And every time, as I switch off, I am touched that my parents gave in to me, stopped forcing me to do something I hated and was scared of--that they were soft. They probably felt guilty at not insisting that I do what was "good for me," little knowing that, many decades later, that single instance of parental indulgence would become one of my most cherished memories.
Shortly after we arrived in the U.S., my father, who thought I could use some ensemble-playing experience, signed me up for the Birmingham Youth Orchestra. Every Sunday afternoon he would deposit me and my violin in a drab, fluorescent-lit rehearsal space in pre-civil-rights downtown Birmingham and come back to fetch me two hours later.
Those rehearsals were a kind of purgatory for me. Sitting in the back of the first-violin section, I thrashed like a shipwrecked sailor in a sea of sounds and rests and strange notations. "Watch the conductor," my father would say as he drove me. "Always keep your eye on the conductor, or you'll get lost."
As far as I could tell, however, the conductor--a man with thick hair, a big nose and round tortoise-shell glasses--just waved his arms in random patterns, stopping frequently to complain about our playing. Instead, I watched, as best I could, the concertmaster, a curly-haired boy who seemed impossibly mature to me--he must have been all of seventeen. When he started to play, I started to play. When he stopped, I tried to stop too.
I should note, while we're on the subject of the concertmaster, that he had one pale-blue eye and one eye as dark brown as mine. I used to sneak looks at those eyes during breaks, which I otherwise spent pretending to clean the rosin off my bow. I didn't talk to the other players--my English was too rudimentary to understand their chatter, let alone contribute to it.
The only positive aspect of playing in the orchestra, as far as I was concerned, was that for concerts we girls were supposed to wear black skirts, white blouses, and stockings.
Even though I was fourteen and fully equipped to play my part in perpetuating the human race, my mother kept me in short dresses that tied in a bow at the back, and short white socks. But since the orchestra's dress code demanded it, she had to get me a pair of stockings--and a garter belt to hold them up.
I was thrilled with the stockings (this was a few years before pantyhose burst on the scene), but less so with the garter belt. For, in order to hold up the hose, the upper rim of the garter belt had to exert pressure on the curve of the lower back, just above the hips. This produced a peculiar agonizing ache that I recognized a decade later, when I was in labor with my first child. (To be continued.)
In case it's been a while since you've perused college catalogs, the words "small, private, liberal arts, women's" stand--among other things--for "caring, personal, and supportive," a place where you, the student, will be treated as the unique individual you are. A place where everybody, from the president to the cafeteria ladies, knows your name.
One of my supposedly less-demanding tasks was to call out names at the graduation ceremony as the president handed each senior her diploma. At graduation rehearsal after my first year on the job, however, it became apparent that just reading names in an appropriately solemn tone was not as easy as it seemed.
As I was going down the list, I became momentarily distracted, looked up from my sheet, skipped a line and called the wrong name, not realizing that the person walking across the dais was not the one whose name I had just said.
At a bigger school, say Indiana or NYU, the mix-up would have caused sniggers and cynical remarks along the lines of, what do you expect, in a place this size, how can anybody know who anybody is, and who cares anyway?But at a small, private, liberal arts women's college, this was irrefutable evidence that I did not know the name of my graduates.
And if I didn't know every student by name, if I was so removed from the very life-blood of the college as to not even realize that I had called a senior in her moment of glory by the wrong name, what kind of caring, supportive, emotionally-present dean (and a woman at that!) was I?
This kind of lapse could be laughed off at rehearsal, but if it happened during the real ceremony, in front of the assembled ancestors (who had paid zillions of dollars in tuition just to have their daughter's name skipped by some cold-hearted administrator) it would be a not-minor disaster.
Graduation day arrived, and the graduates in their gowns, the mothers in their Laura Ashleys, the grandmothers in their little hair helmets, and the florid dads in their navy blazers assembled in a dogwood-and-azalea-speckled dell.
Behind me on the dais sat the faculty, hooded and robed and already bored The president stood beaming by the pile of diplomas. I stood behind the lectern, with the list of graduates before me and feeling anxious.
I was anxious because I'm notoriously bad at names, and though in the preceding two semesters I had met and liked a good many of the seniors, the truth was that I could only put names to at most ten percent of their faces, a ratio that, under the present pressured circumstance and with the students decked in identical caps and gowns, would probably plummet to two percent.
It was crucial, then, that once I'd called the first name and launched the first senior towards the dais, I keep going down the list without interruption, and not lose my place.
The processional ended, the invocation followed, the president made his speech, a generous donor was honored with a pretend doctorate. And now came the moment everyone in the audience had waited for, the culmination of four years of nights in the library and meltdowns in the dorm and starchy meals in the cafeteria. It was time for me to start calling names.
I jabbed my finger next to the first name and called it. Cheers, cameras, applause. Congratulatory murmurs from the president behind me. I moved my stiffened index down to the next name, and called it, and then the next. I began to feel more confident: the trick was to put my finger by the name and keep it there until the graduate had left the dais, then move the finger down and call the next name. And concentrate.
I was about halfway down the list and doing well. The next name was Anne Marie Louise MacAllister-Provenzano. But as I took a preparatory breath, a fly, drunk on dogwood and azalea pollen, flew into my mouth and down my throat.
The earth stood still. I knew that if in any way I acknowledged, even to myself, the presence of that fly in my trachea, I would go into such a fit of coughing and gagging that it would stop the proceedings at best and cause me to vomit into the nearest azalea at worst. And, if I survived, I would never find my place on the list again.
So, making bowels into heart, as we say in Spanish (hacer de tripas corazon), I pressed my index finger on the page, bore down with my diaphragm, and proclaimed, "Anne Marie Luise MacAllister-Provenzano!"
Somehow, I made it to the end of the list without choking, mixing up names, or giving any indication that, though I wished them all well from the bottom of my heart, I had no idea which smiling young face went with what name. As for the fly, it dissolved without a trace in my alveoli.
Whenever life seems hard and my moral stamina feels soft, I think back to that spring day in the dappled sunshine of the dell. I feel my finger pressing down on the paper, feel that fly buzzing in my lungs, and think, I can manage--all I have to do is make bowels into heart.
Yesterday, while the nor'easter was raging, I let the dogs out to relieve themselves. Bisou, who cannot accept that her frogs have gone into hibernation, shot out the door and ran to the edge of the pond, in hopes that one or two of them would be relaxing on the slush.
This being only her second winter, however, she forgot to allow extra room for braking, and slid into the water with a big splash. Before I could jump in and rescue her, she swam across the slush like an icebreaker, and crawled out.
Concerned that she would die of hypothermia, I ran to get a big towel, but when I returned to the back door she had disappeared. Had she fallen in again?
Then I saw a red blur hurtling towards me from the field. She whizzed past me like a comet, then reversed direction and headed for the field again. Over and over, while the rain and sleet and snow battered the landscape, she ran around the yard as fast as her legs would carry her.
She ran up to Wolfie and Lexi, who were wisely trotting back towards the house, and jumped at their faces and barked, then did a few more laps, barked some more, and finally resigned herself to coming inside.
I rubbed her dry with the towel and gave her yet another talk about the need for prudence, etc. Then she bolted upstairs, flung herself on her fleece afghan, and took a long, long nap.
Ever since I got back from the trip down South to see my mother, I've been at the bottom of a CFS well. Whenever I try to scramble up its slippery walls, the CFS gods shove me down again. They are angry at me for traveling, for attempting to maneuver my limp mother to a more comfortable position in her bed, for resuming my regular routines after coming back. I may have to stay quietly in the well a while, until the gods forget about me.
Meanwhile, inspired by Bridget's post, http://south-city-musings.blogspot.com/2010/11/some-good-news.html, I have made a list of good things around and in me:
1. We're in the grip of a raging nor'easter, and the house is being pelted with sleet, snow, and freezing rain. I am inside.
2. Bisou is cuddled up next to me, on the fleece afghan that is now hers because a) she loves it so much, and b) she has chewed a corner of it.
5. My kindly spouse will stop at the bookstore on his way back from town and pick up two books for me. If you have a phobia of being stuck in airports without a book, you can understand mine of being bookless during a CFS relapse. The books are Joanna Trollope's The Other Family and Sarah Waters' The Little Stranger, both of them sure to be well written while not overly taxing the brain (I lose about 30% of my mental capacity during a CFS relapse).
6. The frustration and despair of the last few days have evaporated, and now I'm floating in a kind of Buddhist bath, having let go of desires, detached from outcomes, and anchored myself in the present which, taken moment by moment, is not all that bad.
We're deep into stick season here--you know, the weeks after the maples and the sumac and the Virginia creeper drop their leaves (sic transit gloria mundi) and all you see is gray sticks under gray skies.
In the vegetable garden, the beans, tomatoes and other fair-weather friends are long gone. The raised bed frames have been installed, though, alas, not yet filled with dirt and compost. All the raised bed frames, that is, except for the three that are supposed to go on the beds where stuff is still growing.
And what stuff is still growing so lushly and relentlessly that you'd think it's midsummer instead of stick season? The two immortals, of course: chard and kale.
Every week since June I have given the local food bank between five and eleven pounds of c and k. I have shared the bounty with my friends and my dogs (the latter love to gnaw on raw kale). I have blanched and frozen quarts of the stuff. And still it keeps coming.
And because I know that any night now the winds will howl and it will get really cold--like, into the teens--and there will be no more fresh home-grown vegetables until next April, I feel compelled to keep harvesting while I may.
So it's chard or kale, kale or chard, every night. I blend the green du jour into soups, fold it into omelettes, mix it with cheese in quiches. Slather it with bechamel and hide it in casseroles. Boil it with rice and feed it to the dogs.
Out of recipes as well as patience, I echo the exasperated cry of Henry II, who'd had it up to here with Thomas a Becket: "Will no one rid me of these turbulent greens?"
Here is a confession: none of the three male dogs I've had in my life--two German Shepherds and one Shitzy-Poo--has ever cocked his leg to pee. The trainers to whom I have mentioned this have given me such funny looks that I have not pursued the matter further.
Wolfie, despite his size, black coat, massive head and general commanding air, was no exception to this rule. That is, until today, when we went on our weekly walk with his friend Gunner and his owner.
Gunner is less than a year old, and almost as big as Wolfie. Until now, he has been the Beta of the pair, and hasn't minded it at all.
Being the Beta means engaging in highly ritualized play in which Wolfie always does the chasing, and Gunner always gets caught and rolled and gets up again so Wolfie can chase him some more. It also means that periodically Wolfie holds his head up and looks dreamily into the distance while Gunner, ears back and tail wagging, licks at Wolfie's lips.
But because I was gone last week, it had been a fortnight since the two had seen each other, and the minute they met today, it was clear that something had changed: before Wolfie realized what was going on, Gunner was chasing him.
Wolfie eventually recovered his wits and did some corrective dramatics involving a curious high-pitched bark, some flashing of his big white canines, and some bumping into Gunner to get him to back off. This worked momentarily, but soon Gunner was chasing him again.
It was all in good fun, and Gunner was smiling the entire time. But Wolfie wasn't smiling. Something was going on with unneutered Gunner's hormone levels, and Wolfie didn't like it. He rounded on Gunner, flashed his teeth, stood on his hind legs and pushed Gunner away. Then, looking annoyed, he marched over to a nearby bush, cocked his leg, and peed.
After that, they returned to their old rituals, Gunner in front, running for all his worth, Wolfie behind catching, then rolling Gunner, then Gunner taking off again.
By the time he's a year, Gunner, who is already enormous for a nine-month-old, will be bigger than Wolfie. By then, he will also have been neutered. I am curious to see what these changes will portend for their relationship.
Will Gunner's dwindling hormones help to maintain the status quo? Will his size advantage lead him to challenge Wolfie for the Alpha spot? Or will Wolfie, with his seniority and new leg-cocking skills, retain his place at the top?
Part of me is fascinated by their rituals and displays. But part of me finds their posturing annoyingly reminiscent of certain faculty meetings in my academic past and wishes they'd get over it, already.
I was sitting next to my 92-year-old mother while she ate lunch in the dining room of her assisted living facility. She sat in her wheelchair smiling, pleased that I was there, while I made conversation with the three other ladies at the table.
Since her recent health troubles, my mother's English has all but deserted her, but that doesn't keep her from addressing those around her in a hybrid of English, Spanish and Catalan. The ladies at her lunch table find her mysterious, to say the least, so they were taking advantage of my presence to get some context that would help them make sense of my mother.
I was doing my best, enunciating in case they were hard of hearing, making eye contact with each lady in turn, explaining how things were, when my mother put her hand to my hair and brushed it away from my face.
My mother has been pushing my hair off my face for as long as I can remember. She has pushed the hair off her grandchildren's face. And, if she had access to them, she would do the same to her great-grandchildren.
For this, she offers vaguely phrenological explanations about the significance of a "wide forehead," which supposedly bespeaks intelligence, nobility of character, and beauty as Aristotle conceived it. She never did accept my protestations that intelligence and nobility of character aren't necessarily cute or sexy. She remained adamant on the virtues of the "frente despejada," the unencumbered brow.
The only explanation I can find for this is that the movie stars of her adolescence, Marlene Dietrich and Ava Gardner, boldly bared their desert-like expanses of forehead to the world. But I belong to the school of Colette, who said that a face, like a fruit, needs foliage around it to set it off to advantage.
But still. Here was my mother, 92. Here was I, not all that much younger. Furthermore, I was on an errand of kindness and mercy, determined to be utterly sweet and compliant and non-confrontational for the 48-hours I would spend in her presence. And the minute her hand touched my hair--well, I didn't exactly swat it away, but the swatting feeling was there.
Why didn't I let her brush back my hair? Why didn't I let her dazzle her tablemates with the sight of my broad and noble forehead? Why did I deny her that microgram of happiness?
I learned in Catholic school that a sin requires an act of the will. So I can hardly call that quasi-swat a sin--it was more a spinal reflex. But it was a reflex born of a lifetime of daughterly opposition, rebellion, resentment.
But I am disappointed that, despite the years and experience that I drag behind me like those carry-on bags on wheels, I saw my mother's liver-spotted, knobby, blue-veined hand reach towards my hair, and I pushed it away.
Tomorrow I'm leaving for Mobile to see my mother (who was seriously ill a few months ago but is now recovering) and will not be posting for a couple of days. During my absence, I will also miss the fall rummage sale at the church in the nearby village of X.
I had never been to a rummage sale in my life until I moved to Vermont and was told by friends and neighbors, "You have to go the X church rummage sale. Everybody does." So I did, and there, hands deep in the mountains of separates, making their way along the racks of dresses, coming out of the "designer room," or entering the "outerwear" tent, I did in fact see most of the people I knew.
I have attended the twice-a-year X rummage sales faithfully since that first time. I have gone on splendid fall Saturdays, when the church steeple is silhouetted against a background of red, gold and green hills. And I have optimistically purchased armloads of sleeveless dresses and gardening clothes in the full blast of a spring blizzard.
The sale at X is so well attended that it's a testimony to the upward march of civilization that riots don't break out. Maybe it's the calming presence of the church ladies that keeps things in check. These women, who have worked the week leading up to the sale collecting and sorting donations, stand for hours behind the tables where the goods are piled, making change, bagging purchases, running out to look for more coins. They all, without exception, look weary, but also without exception they are cordial and helpful. In the face of such stoicism, the rummaging throngs put on their best behavior.
Like a gambler playing for low stakes, at the X rummage sale I allow myself to shop irresponsibly. There is no way to try things on, no possibility of comparing prices, no time to talk yourself out of foolish choices. You have to grab first, and think later. So I do.
When I arrive home lugging a trash bag full of clothes, having spent all of twenty dollars, I have only the vaguest idea of what I have bought. Usually there are pleasant surprises: a designer top, a cashmere sweater, a pair of faded jeans just right for the garden. There is also the dress that doesn't fit, and the bizarre and useless item that I could swear someone else must have put in my bag.
As I have mentioned before, shopping in Vermont is a delicate subject. On the one hand, we complain about the absence of opportunities--there just aren't many stores around here. On the other hand, we know that we owe our clean air, uncluttered roads and serene landscape to this very dearth of shopping.
So we are grateful to the urban souls who own summer homes near the idyllic village of X and who graciously do our shopping for us in the bustling burgs of New York and New Jersey, and who, after wearing the results of their labors a couple of times, kindly donate them to the X church rummage sale, where we buy them for two dollars a piece.
Like the recipient of a transplanted heart, I vaguely sense the frustration of the executive woman fretting in rush-hour traffic as I head out the door in her--now my--Eileen Fisher sweater, to feed the hens.
The head-shrinking (or tzantza) tradition among the Jivaro tribes of the Amazon was alive and well when my parents and I arrived in Ecuador in the 1950s.
We first saw a couple of tzantzas inside a glass case in Quito's folk-art museum. They were fist-size, the eyes and the grotesquely large lips sewn shut, the skin black and leathery, the hair--which had retained its length--streaming down the non-existent back.
They were like puppets out of a nightmare, and I could barely stand to look at them, especially after reading the description of how they were made. The captured enemy's head was cut off, its contents were removed and replaced with a small wooden sphere, the skin was tanned, and the resulting object was dried and shrunk by covering it with hot rocks and sand.
My mother badly wanted a tzantza. She admired all things Indian, and had a number of pots of various shapes and sizes, a chief's regalia made of pounded tree bark covered with tropical bird feathers, a nine-foot blowgun with its quiver full of curare-tipped arrows. A tzantza would have made an exciting contribution to her collection.
But there was a problem: real shrunken heads were not only expensive, but the Catholic Church forbade the faithful to own them. Fortunately, there was a lively trade in fake tzantzas, made from monkey heads, or goat skin, or who knows what else.
When we moved to the U.S., my mother's Indian artifacts came with us. (Those were the days when you could travel on a plane with a nine-foot blowgun and a supply of paralyzing arrows and nobody asked any questions.)
The first thing my mother did in our new house was to mount her collection. The delicate, earth-colored pots went on a shelf. The blowgun and the arrows--whose tips she had snapped off to prevent mishaps while dusting--hung on the living room wall, with the chief's ceremonial garb arranged below. The tzantza, however, lived inside a brown paper bag in the hall closet.
This was Birmingham, Alabama, and I was fourteen years old. When guests walked into our living room, their mouths would fall open. My mother loved this, and would proceed, in sketchy English, to relate the origins and uses of each object.
Meanwhile, in a corner of the room, I would wither with embarrassment. Why, I wondered, did she have to make us seem even more weird than we already were? My survival strategy among my peers in those days was to try to blend in as best I could, but my mother seemed to delight in being different.
As she neared the end of her lecture, I would begin to pray--God please, don't let her bring out the tzantza! But usually she did. She would fetch the brown paper bag from the closet, thrust in her hand and bring out the head with a flourish.
The guests would gasp and step back as she stood there triumphant, holding the thing by the hair, like Judith with the head of Holophernes. Only after she had given a detailed description of the shrinking process and let the company sweat a while would she disclose that this particular head was a fake.
Where, I wonder, is that brown paper bag with its grisly contents after all these years? Where are the blowgun, the quiver, the chief's outfit? I don't want to know. But I do have one of my mother's beautiful Indian pots in my living room. It doesn't scare the guests.
Is there anything messier than a wood stove, or a fireplace? Wet, dirt-bearing wood gets carted in from outside, ashes are carted out from inside. There are newspapers, spent matches, smoke.
On the other hand, is there anything sweeter, cozier, more comforting than a wood fire? Anything--short of the smell of cooking--that more powerfully evokes the feeling of home and, well, hearth?
We used to live in a house with two gas fireplaces, one in the kitchen/family room and one in the bedroom. They were the kind that simulates a wood fire, with the blue gas flames shooting up behind some fake logs. My husband rigged the bedroom fireplace with a thermostat, and on extra-cold nights we would awaken to a whoosh, and the eerie blue light of the gas spontaneously combusting beyond our bed.
Those gas fireplaces warmed up the room in seconds. They were clean, cheap, ecological...and every time I lit one I longed for a good, messy, real wood fire.
Today has been rainy and windy and what Vermont meteorologists call "raw"--the first inkling of what awaits us in the coming months. I've had to make extra sure that, soaking grass underfoot and rain pouring from above notwithstanding, Bisou remembers what the command "do your business!" means. Back in the house from their necessary excursions, the three dogs have been grateful for the extra-large towel I keep to rub them down.
Now Lexi and Wolfie are blissed out in front of the stove. Bisou is at her usual post, scrunched up against my elbow so I can barely type. I closed the hens in early this evening, threw them some extra sunflower seeds, and turned on their light for cheer.
I know how glad I'll be next spring to be done with the woodstove, to put the ashes on the garden and cart the kindling box and log carrier down to the basement. But for now there's nowhere I'd rather be than staring into the flames, with the snoring dogs and the snapping logs, and the rain beating hard against the window panes.
For my birthday, my daughter decided to bring my kitchen up to modern standards, and gave me a food processor.
Having on my conscience the bread machine and the juicer that I bought, grew weary of, and subsequently gave away, I was leery of food processors. In my experience, most counter-top conveniences took up more space than their convenience warranted.
Besides, I had my faithful Chinese chopper, a gift from my mother-in-law on Christmas, 1969. With that fearsome implement I had over the years chopped hills of onions, mountains of zucchini, and entire sierras of rhubarb, and I still had all my fingers. I thought I was keeping things simple, by staying away from food processors.
The spanking-new birthday present was sitting untouched and reproachful on my counter when I brought in the last couple of eggplants and the final crop of banana peppers yesterday. Intending to make a version of samfaina, I fished an onion out of the fridge and then, looking at the pile of veggies waiting to be sliced, decided to get started on the food-processor chapter of my life.
I peeled the onion, sliced it in half with the Chinese chopper, put it in the food processor, pushed the "pulse" button, and bzzzt! it was reduced to shreds in the twinkling of an eye. While the onion was sauteeing, I put in the two eggplants--they were small, so I didn't halve them--and bzzt! in a nanosecond they were turned into pulp. The good old Chinese chopper came in handy for seeding the peppers, but when I threw the whole mess of them into the processor, bzzt! they were cut into teensy bits.
Thanks to those whizzing blades, everything--onions, eggplants, peppers--sauteed with an unaccustomed evenness, which gave the contents of the frying pan a pointillist look, where my old hand-chopped samfainas had been more cubist in style. It looked neat and orderly. It looked professional.
She and Bear were the largest puppies in the litter, and because Bear's owner Joanne (see her website here) and I are friends, we arranged lots of get-togethers for B&B when they were puppies, and they developed a strong bond.
In Bear's case this bond is made even stronger by the fact that he would like to have many, many puppies with Bisou. He doesn't care that if they did, the puppies would each have at least two heads. He doesn't care that Bisou was spayed three months ago. He firmly believes that, if he applies himself and stays focused, a miracle will happen and Bisou will conceive.
Thus, their play revolves around Bear's ceaseless attempts to mount his sister. This doesn't bother Bisou, who slithers out of his grasp and runs off as fast as she can, ears streaming in the wind. Eventually he catches her, maneuvers himself on top of her, she slides away and the chase begins all over again.
This goes on for--I have timed it--two solid hours, while we walk through the woods, stop by the stream, and drink iced tea, the dogs chasing, mounting and rushing in circles around our feet the entire time.
Eventually, the last quarter-hour or so, they slow down a bit, stand up on their hind legs, and wrestle as hard as they can (this is the interaction I have chosen to depict, below). Then Bear remembers, and the chase begins once more.
Bear is scheduled for neutering in the next few days. When he recovers, we'll get him and Bisou together again. I wonder how things will go then. I suspect that they may not change too radically--this kind of play has become part of B&B's history, and mounting behavior is not always sexually inspired.
What I hope will never change is the exuberance and good humor of their encounters--for their sake because they get such fun out of them, and for mine because they allow me to imagine, for a while, what a blast my life would be, if only I were a dog.
There was frost on the grass this morning, and Wolfie, stimulated by the chill, raced around and skidded and slipped and almost fell. Good practice for icy mornings to come.
I thought the cold night might have done in the beans, but no such luck. By noon they were looking as perky as they did in August. The eggplants and banana peppers are still bearing, and the chard and kale, needless to say, are chugging along as if The Killing Frost weren't around the corner.
Because it was a nice day in which to do the job, I brought in my two zonal geraniums and put them by a south-facing window. They will stop blooming for a while, but when the snow covers the ground outside, the reflected light will stimulate them to bloom again.
I gave the scented geraniums in their heavy pots a good pruning and dragged them inside for the winter. I did the same for the big rosemary bush. Please understand that I mean "big" by Vermont standards. Rosemary cannot survive our winters and has to be brought indoors, which means it has to be kept in a pot, which keeps it from reaching its full splendor.
Still, I'm quite pleased with my rosemary, which made it through last winter and is the first rosemary plant that hasn't given up the ghost within two weeks of being brought into my house. I owe this success to my herbalist friend Dona, who told me that rosemary hates to be moved. I paid attention to her advice and kept the pot anchored next to a south-facing window, refusing to move it even to make room for the Christmas tree.
Also, remembering that the name "rosemary" comes from the Latin ros marinus, meaning sea-dew, and that it grows in the semi-arid hills near the Mediterranean, I kept the soil fairly dry but misted the needles after feeding the dogs every morning. The plant rewarded me by covering itself with lavender-colored blooms and hanging on until late spring, when it could go back outside.
The rosemary and scented geranium clippings are now drying on woven-straw trays in the dining room. Does this herb business never stop? I had finally finished stripping the oregano, thyme and lavender (three whole cups of lavender blossoms, of which I am inordinately proud), and now here are these handfuls of heavenly-smelling leaves that I cannot possibly throw away....
Meanwhile Bisou is mourning the disappearance of her frogs, which have abandoned the warm stones of the patio and dived into the depths of the pond, there to slumber cozily until the spring frenzy wakes them up, a long, long time from now.
These days I'm storing up sunshine like a squirrel stores nuts. I don't know that I can really store sunshine (maybe in the form of Vitamin D?), but at least I can store up the memory of it. On second thought, forget that. I know that it is impossible, on a sleety January day, to recall how it feels to sit in the warm sun.
Regardless, I sat outside on the sunny patio stripping lavender for a while this morning. I have quite a harvest this year. My plants, which I placed up against the stone wall in front of the house, made it through their first Vermont winter, thanks no doubt to being snuggled under a thick duvet of snow, their backs against the sun-warmed stones.
Normally, I don't strip lavender, but roughly chop the stems and throw the whole thing into potpourri. This year, however, I want to make lavender-filled eye pillows, and the stems might feel a little rough against the eyelids of my loved ones--not to mention my own eyelids--so I'm having to separate the blossoms from the stems. It's a slow, repetitive task, but if you're olfactorily fixated like me, you don't mind it.
While I worked, Wolfie and Bisou passed the stick du jour back and forth to each other. The bird feeder was right behind me, so I could hear the flutterings of the chickadees as they landed and took off, and also the bulletins they sent out (i.e., tweets) as to their location and activities. "Just arrived at feeder for lunch," "Dropped a seed!" "Stopped on chicken-house roof to check dog locations," and on and on.
Replace the flaming maples with gnarled olive trees and the chickadees with hoopoes (you can see them here) but keep the sun, the cobalt sky and the scent of lavender, and I could have been somewhere on the foothills of the Pyrenees.
Then a chilly breeze came up, and I came back to Vermont. I gathered up my lavender, called the dogs, and went inside.
What's with dogs and yoga mats? The minute I unroll mine, Wolfie and Bisou fling themselves down on it.
This morning I was sitting cross-legged at one end of the mat when Wolfie stretched himself out full length on it, put his big head on my lap, took a deep breath and, as the yoga teachers say, focused inward. There was no room for Bisou, who contented herself with licking my hands, which I had placed palm up on my knees, index- and thumb-tips touching, in whatever mudra that is.
God knows I've done some sweating on that mat--is that what attracts them? Or is it something more ineffable, having to do with energies and such?
Here's another thing: have you ever bent to straighten a rug that your dog has wrinkled without the dog instantly leaping onto the rug, making it impossible for you to fix it? This happens to me at least seven times a day, every day.
I think that this has to do with the dog's instinct to look in whatever direction we're looking. Some people believe that this ability--which non-human primates lack--is the reason that the dog's ancestors became people's hunting partners and were domesticated.
And lastly, why does everything a dog plays with infallibly end up under a piece of furniture? I'm not just talking about balls here, but bones, tug-of-war toys, whatever. It seems that whenever I'm not straightening rugs I'm flat on the floor, reaching among the dust bunnies for something Bisou has lost and desperately needs.
My friend Alix, Bisou's breeder and dog woman par excellence, runs a bed-and-breakfast for dogs in her house. If you have a dog that might need a place to stay, or just want to see beautiful dogs (inluding Cavaliers) romping in idyllic surroundings, check out Alix's website: http://halflingdogboarding.com/
Adolescence is the transition between childhood and adulthood. The age interval is between 10 to 24 years, spanning through puberty and teenage.
Almost every woman, and some men, will have reasons to seek for Gynecological care at some point. It’s important that the correct care gets offered, in a good facility and by the most competent Gynecologist.
Exposure to infectious diseases should generally be avoided if at all possible. This is more so in pregnancy as infectious diseases may pose complications both to the mother and her unborn baby. Chickenpox is one such infection, pregnant mothers should as much as possible avoid contact with anybody infected with chickenpox.
If delay in conceiving is suspected to be due to failure to ovulate, a comprehensive gynecological evaluation must be done to diagnose the exact cause. The evaluation includes reviewing your menstrual pattern, followed by hormone tests and imaging of the reproductive organs. Additional testing for uncommon conditions may be recommended for a few.
Menopause signifies the end of natural reproductive potential, but not the end of sexual activities. The inevitable hormonal changes in the menopause have consequential effects on the functioning of the genital system. Women and their partners will thus experience new changes in sexual function, which may sometimes interfere with sexual enjoyment and satisfaction.
Web sitemizde tanımlama bilgileri (çerez/cookie) kullanılmaktadır. Detaylı bilgi için Çerez Politika'mızı inceleyebilirsiniz.
With the explosive growth of eBook readers over the last few years, it seems like almost everyone has access to eBooks these days. Between established readers like the Kindle and Nook, and reader applications for smart-phones, laptops, and tablets, the availability of these readers is almost universal. And while there is something to be said for the tactile experience of holding a physical book in your hand, no one can deny that the world is moving towards eBooks as a major method of distribution. What does this mean to you?
We can generalize a little and break the population down into two main groups. There are consumers of content, and there are producers of content. Consumers are always going to be the driving force behind any new technology. Without someone to embrace the technology it will fail. And in a more personal light, without consumers to purchase your product or service, you have no reason to keep doing what you do. The good news is that consumers are embracing the eBook market. Between dedicated readers like the Kindle and Nook and tablets like the iPad, eBooks are currently growing at 83% according to Amazon.com. And that number is expected to grow even more, increasing as technology continues to evolve, become cheaper, and even more accessible.
So what does that mean to producers of content? It means there is a new opportunity to embrace, and it’s important to decide if you are going to jump in early or wait. Current estimates put the eBook market at roughly 11% of the book market. Which means the market is still growing and evolving and there are opportunities all around you.
The growth of eBooks has also created a shift in publishing. No longer are you limited to the major publishing houses and their rules. No longer are you bound by the dictates of the marketing departments and predefined niches of a business that requires major sales to indicate success. You still need a quality product. And you still need to make sure there is a market for what you are offering. But there is more freedom in the eBook world. And more potential profits for you and your business.
In traditional publishing, once an author manages to get picked up by a publisher, the author usually makes pennies on the dollar for their work. Advances for books are rare, so you really can’t count on any money up front. And traditional publishing schedules tend to run 12-24 months after the book is finished before it is actually produced and distributed. Meaning if you managed to find a publisher and get your book picked up for publication in February 2011, the earliest you’d see a print copy would be February of 2012. And then your royalties are going to be a minimum of 60-90 days beyond that. And while there aren’t a lot of authors that are willing to discuss dollars and cents, those that have seem to indicate that industry averages for royalties tend to run to fifteen percent of the cover price. Would you be willing to work for fifteen percent of what you are making now and wait a year to a year and a half to get your first check? On a $6.99 paperback book, a fifteen percent royalty rate means the author will be earning $1.04 per book. Before taxes.
According to the Authors Guild, a successful fiction book is considered to be on which sells five thousand copies over its publication run. Five thousand books will provide a potential profit for the author of $5250 at a fifteen percent royalty rate. Unfortunately, that payment is going to start trickling into your mailbox sometime next year at the earliest. Assuming of course your published book moves off the shelves at a good pace. Not to mention you may not see all of your royalties owed for years as most publishers will hold back a percentage to cover returns. Since you can return a book for full price, the publishers don’t count the number of copies shipped as the number of copies sold, so they don’t pay you for a certain percentage of titles shipped because they may end up with some of them back. Some authors have stated that they didn’t see an accurate sales report and royalty payment until three years after the book was published.
According to a 2008 publisher’s survey, it takes an average of 422 hours to write a fiction book. If we use the potential sales and royalty figures above, we can boil it all down to you as an author earning slightly less than $12 an hour for your book. Assuming of course you sell all 5000 books in the print run. Which doesn’t sound too bad? Provided you can wait a year or more for your $12 an hour to start trickling in.
So let’s look at the alternatives to the traditional publishing model. One option is self-publishing your own book for electronic distribution. (Releasing an eBook)
You obviously need a good product to start with. You need a well written, interesting book that people will want to read. You absolutely must have had the book edited properly. You no longer have a publisher editing your book, so you may have to pay someone to do it for you if you don’t have friends with the needed skills to help. Editorial expense is generally dependent on manuscript length. Costs may run one hundred to five hundred dollars, but may be significantly higher. Cover design costs are based on complexity and prices can run from one to five hundred dollars or more. You will also need conversion and layout services to get your book to meet all the eBook requirements of the various publishers, which can run anywhere from two-hundred and fifty to five hundred dollars or more depending on your specific needs and wants.
If we are conservative and choose a scenario which figures five hundred dollars for each of those three steps listed above, you have spent fifteen hundred dollars of your own money, up front, and you haven’t even sold a book yet. This is where things get interesting though. Once those steps are done, your book is now published to the eBook stores. There is no 12 to 24 month wait. It’s available and ready for sale immediately.
So let’s run some numbers for eBooks. Amazon.com will pay you a 70% royalty. So if you price your eBook at $3.99 you will be making roughly a $2.79 royalty per copy sold. If we use the same numbers as the traditional print example above and figure 5000 copies sold you are looking at $13,950. Subtract your initial expenses of $1500 and you are looking at $12,450 in royalties for your book. (Or five-hundred thirty-seven copies sold to break even.) If you sell all five thousand books, we can divide the $12,450 in royalties by the 422 hours we used above to write the book, and we get $29 an hour for our time. Using the same 5000 copies that we are trying to sell, your print books are dependent on bookstore sales over a period of years. Your eBooks are available to a worldwide audience 24 hours a day almost immediately.
So, do you have an idea or a manuscript that has been rejected by a traditional publisher because it doesn’t fit into their “marketing plans” or their preferred genre? Do you have a novel that’s been sitting in a drawer for years because you couldn’t find a publisher and eventually gave up on it ever finding a home?
Maybe now is a good time to dig out those old neglected or rejected manuscripts. Take some time to edit, revise, and polish them up to make them the best they possibly can be. Or perhaps, now is the time to sit down and get those ideas out of your head and onto the page. Are you a previously published author, whose rights have reverted on some of your older cataloged books? What have you got to lose by publishing yourself? ePublication is the growing marketplace and now may be the perfect time to test the waters of eBooks
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Use of this site signals your acceptance of this cookie policy.
Forum is open for all, Tracker is invite only. Please use same username as on both when you register...
Mateprincs is a company devoted to the design, manufacture and commercialisation of functional inks/ materials for the production of electronic devices using printing techniques such as inkjet, ﬂat screen printing and offset lithography.
The company is located in Navarra (Spain) and we are pioneers in Spain in this ﬁeld. The company has been created by the Technology Centre NAITEC.
NAITEC specialises in Electronics, Mechanics, Materials and Materials Deposition and is the technology partner of Mateprincs.
The close collaboration between chemists, biochemists, physicists and engineers ensures the development of high quality inks with multiple applications. Our engineering team has expertise in electronics design and software development to help our customers from prototype concept to end-product.
Mateprincs combines knowledge and experience in materials development and printing technologies, to oﬀer reliable materials for printed electronics with conductive inks.
We use cookies to ensure that we give the best user experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume that you agree.I agree
Activists clash with police, set cars ablaze at Dhaka’s Nayapaltan ♦ The man behind the mask dies at 95 ♦ CEC rules out further delay on voting date ♦ Opposition group rigid on polls date to be delayed by a month ♦ More than 3,500 people want to ride on boat ♦ EC defers parliamentary election by a week to December 30 ♦ BNP decides to join election under Oikya Front banner ♦ Kamal skips Oikya Front rally in Rajshahi ♦
Chittagong – More than 50 people have fallen sick after inhaling toxic gas leaked from a cylinder at a fertilizer factory in Bangladeshi port city of Chittagong, officials said on Tuesday.
Rescuers from Fire Service and Civil Defence rushed those people to different hospitals in Chittagong as they fell sick soon after ammonium gas spread in the adjoining areas of the state-run Diammonium Phosphate (DAP) fertilizer factory in Anwara sub-district.
“We have taken 50 people who were suffering from breathing problem to the hospital,” firefighter Josim Uddin, who was leading the rescue operation, told reporters on the scene.
He added that his team had managed to stop the gas seepage, which began at 10.30 pm Monday. “It took more than six hours to bring the situation under control,” the officer said.
During the evacuation, the local administration asked the residents of the area not to lit fire and drink as much as water they could to avoid serious hazards.
The firefighting official said that the accident occurred during filling of gas into a tank before it would have been used for fertilized production. He said one of the tanks of the factory was destroyed.
District administration has formed a three-member committee to investigate the accident. Deputy Commissioner of Chittagong Mesbah Uddin asked the committee to report back in seven days.
“Punitive actions will be taken if it is found that the accident was occurred due to someone’s negligence,” Uddin told BBC Bangla service radio by phone.
Physicians at Chittagong Medical College Hospital said that those who were admitted with respiratory complexities are out of danger.
Royal Caribbean's largest cruise ship now at Port Canaveral by Monique Valdes, WFTV.com, NCD Thu, 08 Nov 2018 13:57:00 EST
At Wednesday's State of the Port event, CEO John Murray talked about record revenue and the 4.5 million cruise passengers who moved through the port.
"It's great for the port, great for Orlando, great for the theme parks, space center, local area, so that it all helps grow the local economy," he said. "We're here to facilitate commerce between the ocean and the community, and that, to me, is first and foremost."
Friends, I give you the world's largest cruise ship, @RoyalCaribbean 's Symphony of the Seas. It's right here in Central Florida this morning, in port @PortCanaveral.
This ship is so large, we can easily see it from this camera in Cocoa Beach! pic.twitter.com/aOBpjAJ5GE
What the hell?! I mean, normal people, they see a monster, and they run. But not us, no, no, no, we -- we search out things that want to kill us. Yeah? Huh?
Affordable, quality website design A+ certified computer repair technicians Computer system and accesories sales Great rates on Merchant Accounts and the benefit of a local representative. Business Center with Fax, copy and wifi/ network access
To go to the Admin or Options Page after logging in to Content Central, click ‘Admin’ or ‘Options’ button found at the top right portion of the webpage. Finally, Office Integration allows you to upload files with the click of a button from within your Microsoft office applications. Install IIS by accessing the ‘Add/Remove Windows Components' console from within the ‘Add/Remove Programs' dialog in the control panel. Other / Miscellaneous My documents attempt to load outside of the browser.
Using the STG Content Central Proxy add-on, I can simply right-click on a file, select "Send To" and the add-on will allow me to properly code the document and submit it The DirectScan applet is not appearing or acting improperly. You may also choose to download the document. Logging in to Content Central / Evaluation I can't login to Content Central.
If credentials passed, then you can click Close on the popup box, and then click Close on the next window, and one more time click Close on the next window and Make sure to add this field to your DocType Results Fields in your Options page. This may be caused by a proxy server or firewall/networking issue. Configure Default Results Fields, which determines the fields displayed as columns when viewing lists of documents.
What are Index rules? Software: Microsoft Windows Server 2012 Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS) 8.0 or higher Microsoft .NET Framework 4.5 Hardware: Quad-Core Intel Xeon Processors 8GB RAM 250GB redundant storage space © 2016 Ademero, Try restarting the service on the server, and verify the Startup type is set to Automatic - Delayed Start or Automatic. The documents may have been deleted before you had a chance to check.
This week we are going to show you how you can use that same feature to scan entire stacks of documents all at once with the Direct Scan fixed page count Third, the STG Content Central Proxy will pop-up so we can code additional information. This tag is offensive. Administrator Associate Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Chief Information Officer Consultant Designer Developer Director Engineer Instructor Manager Marketing Manager Other Owner Partner President Product/Project Manager Senior Vice President Student Tester
Review the e-mail settings within the System Settings area of the Administration page. Notify me by email of any comments added to content I uploaded. Review these rules within the administration area for the Catalog and Document Type you selected. Where can I find the Feature Matrix for Content Central?
Allow users to contact me by email about models I contribute to 3DCC. Thanks for watching this week's tip, if you have any questions feel free to contact us via any of the following methods. Logging into Content Central/Evaluation I can't login to Content Central. Some of the scanned pages may have been skewed heavily due to misfeeds or other feeder issues.
Clicking enabled turns a feature or a rule on or off. I cannot drag-and-drop content into Content Central. Post Alternate Version (Login required) Embed this 3D Model in your Blog Tweet Report inappropriate content Specifications Configure & Download Rating & Comments (0) Tags (0) Alternate Versions Please note, not all devices that are setup on the network have the capability to perform network scanning.
Click on the Export button. The system will begin to export and then should say “Export completed successfully” and will then tell you how many documents were exported. Click on Close and you can find We sell and support the Content Central Enterprise Edition Document Management System, Capture Point Scan Station Edition, & Capture Point Copier Edition. Please note that by using this site you are consenting to the use of cookies. Configure Default Results Fields, which determines the fields displayed as columns when viewing lists of documents.
If you have any questions, or would like to try out this add-on, please feel free to connect with us via any of the following methods. Type in the appropriate username in the Username field. Form capture allows you to generate new documents by creating a PDF template to be filled out providing consistency and structure for your documents. Define Permissions quickly by returning to the main Administration page and accessing the padlock icon within the appropriate Users or Groups.
Reply nadia says: May 10, 2010 at 3:47 am ? please help me out. The pathway under Program Files is going to be protected to prevent accidental of the files in there. Xinwei Reply Larry Kagan says: August 27, 2009 at 10:46 am Hi, We have some erratic performance with our .net app which uses connection pooling and has a VERY high throughput Pool pricing and sizing Create a pool Manage a pool Scale out with Azure SQL Database Build scalable cloud databases Manage scaled-out cloud databases wit...
plz how I can change router MTU from 1500 to 1400. Ver�ffentlicht am 11.02.2014http://fixwindowserror.com/smartest-f...You can easily fix windows error 0x80190194 by following above given features. There are two laptops in the house. 5 days ago, Messenger Live was working on both. 2 days ago my laptop showed the MSN Messenger errors but the 2nd laptop was THen now it's working -_-' jed says: August 21, 2006 at 2:28 am wtf is up with msn i av bin goin nuts tryin 2 fixit i av reinstalled it it...
You’ve probably heard the term “mixed reality” come up in conversation about both VR and AR. As you may know, mixed reality refers to a modern, more sophisticated form of augmented reality that combines a suite of environmental sensors, wearable computer hardware, and sophisticated software. A mixed reality system can include full VR, full AR, or other weird in-between blends, such as a sort of reverse AR where real-world objects are displayed in the VR world.
Microsoft, the same people who make Windows and those named “Bill Gates” incredibly rich, are at the forefront of this new revolution in augmented reality. Their Hololens headset made waves when it was first demoed to the public and is still one of the most impressive mixed reality devices you can buy. Of course, to actually own a Hololens you’ll have to part with a small fortune, since it’s mainly aimed at enterprise clients at this point.
Microsoft has never really been a company that wants to corner the hardware market. They’re all about creating dominant platforms and then inviting everyone else in. One of the main reasons that Windows is such a success is that Microsoft never tried to keep it away from everyone else. Apple didn’t want their operating system running on anything but an Apple, but Windows ran on everything, which means more people wanted to make software for it. It wasn’t necessarily the best operating system, but it was the most useful one thanks to how widespread it became.
Windows Mixed Reality is Microsoft trying to create the same sort of open platform, but this time for the purpose of creating a standard framework for developers to use for their software products. Microsoft provides guidelines on hardware specifications as well as software that helps to interpret a lot of the complicated aspects of mixed reality. This allows developers to concentrate on creating their unique content instead of having to reinvent the mixed reality wheel every time.
This sort of standardization is both necessary and common in the tech world. That doesn’t mean that Windows Mixed Reality will be the ultimate winner and become the main standard for the technology, but it makes sense for Microsoft to be the one taking the lead here. Apple is on a similar path with their ARkit developer framework; AR will be built into their future phones and other devices from the start.
Microsoft has won at this game before, though. Back in the early days of 3D accelerators there were a number of graphics APIs that were a way to standardize programming for graphics hardware from different manufacturers. In the bad old days you had to write a piece of software for a specific piece of hardware, but with an API you and the hardware makers just make sure you comply with the standard and, viola! – everything works with everything, at least in theory.
Microsoft’s DirectX won out against OpenGL and Glide in the first big standards war in the graphics world. Today DirectX is still dominant, but it’s being challenged again by new standards and it’s not a foregone conclusion that Microsoft will win again.
Anyway, that’s getting off the topic at hand. So let’s look at the physical manifestation of Windows Mixed Reality.
So far there have been two third-party manufacturers that are bringing Windows Mixed Reality products to market. Acer is releasing a Developer Edition headset, and Lenovo (which bought out IBM’s laptop division) is releasing the Lenovo Explorer, which can also be bought with motion controllers.
Both of these headsets share some common features. The most obvious feature is the pair of front-facing cameras. These lenses are set very widely apart, giving the whole thing a rather comical look. You’ll also notice that both have a sort of “flip up” front, which means you can easily switch between being hooked or not, without having to take off the whole thing – something that Sony has already done with its PSVR.
Since they are both built according to the same general guidelines, there’s not that much to differentiate the headsets, but the Acer unit is one that developers will be building their experiences on. So let’s look at its specifications as a sort of base standard for these headsets.
The Acer HMD has two very high-resolution LCD screens. Each LCD has 1440×1440 pixels, which you’ll notice makes them perfectly square. That’s actually a good approach, since single panel VR HMDs get split into two squares anyway and a lot of the dual 1080p models end up wasting some of that real-estate. This dual-panel setup provides a 95-degree horizontal field of view. This is perfectly in line with premium VR headsets and certainly a lot better than the Hololens, which is based on a fancy but still immature projection system. Just as with the Oculus, the refresh rate of the panel in the Acer HMD is 90 Hz and it is tethered with a four meter cable.
One major difference between this headset and something like the Oculus or Vive is the fact that it uses “inside-out” motion tracking. The camera that tracks motion to provide the full six degrees of freedom are the ones mounted on the headset itself. This is actually an amazing development, because it means that room-scale VR is possible without the need for external sensors.
These Windows Mixed Reality headsets are set to sell at around $350 apiece, which is an incredibly low starting price. That’s almost half as much as the launch price of the consumer Oculus Rift. It’s no surprise Oculus has been slashing the price of its HMD recently.
These headsets are quality devices with cutting-edge technology and yet they are being sold for an absolute song. Honestly, these HMDs went on my shopping list the very moment they were announced.
When the Oculus and Vive originally launched, the minimum computer requirements were quite shocking to a lot of people. Since then the requirements have softened a bit and the GPU technology has become a lot cheaper to boot. The minimum requirement for these Windows headsets are basically the same when it comes to premium VR, but in a very smart move there’s a second lower set of requirements for productivity-type VR and AR.
If you have a computer with an integrated GPU equivalent to the Intel HD Graphics 620, the Windows HMD will clock itself down to 60Hz but still work for Windows itself and the more basic applications. That’s a killer feature for a product that’s supposed to be the real deal mainstream VR solution.
It’s very early days for this new platform, but it looks as if Microsoft has thought of everything that’s holding mainstream AR, VR, and MR back. The only real criticism I have so far, based on the tech demos I’ve seen, is that the inside-out tracking can be a little janky. But that’s with beta developer demos, so we’ll see if it’s an inherent issue.
This entry was posted on Monday, September 30th, 2013 at 11:50	and is filed under . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Several rivers in northeast Iowa are being forced out of their banks after several days of heavy rainfall.
Flood warnings are posted for several locations. The rising water, combined with saturated ground and the threat for more rain, has also prompted the National Weather Service to issue a flood watch for a large part of the region through Wednesday (Sept. 5, 2018).
* Forecast: Rise to 92.6 feet, or 4.6 feet above Flood Stage, Wednesday afternoon, then go below Flood Stage early Sunday morning.
* Forecast: Rise to 15.5 feet, or 2.5 feet above Flood Stage, Wednesday evening, then fall below Flood Stage early Friday morning.
* Impact: At 13.0 feet, Many storm sewers are closed along Black Hawk Creek and the Cedar River. The Fletcher Avenue levee gates are closed.
* Forecast: Rise above flood stage Tuesday and continue rising to 17.0 feet Thursday morning. The river will fall below flood stage Friday evening.
* Impact: At 15.0 feet, Minor Flood Stage. Agricultural and low land flooding is ongoing. Water affects much of 22nd Avenue Road northwest of Vinton.
* Forecast: Rise to 15.6 feet, or 1.6 feet above Flood Stage, Tuesday afternoon, then go below Flood Stage Thursday morning.
* Forecast: Rise above flood stage Tuesday morning and continue rising to 14.8 feet Wednesday morning. The river will fall below flood stage Friday morning.
* Impact: At 14.0 feet, water affects residences and streets in low-lying areas of Independence and Littleton.
* Impact: At 12.5 feet, backwater from the Iowa River covers portions of Business U.S. Highway 30 and South Prospect Drive in Toledo.
* Forecast...The river will continue rising to near 9.7 feet by Tuesday morning. The river will fall below flood stage later in the day on Tuesday.
* Forecast: The river will continue rising to near 22.0 feet by Wednesday morning, then fall below flood stage Thursday.
* Forecast: The river will continue rising to near 17.8 feet by Wednesday morning, then fall below flood stage Thursday.
According to the National Weather Service, several rounds of thunderstorms with potential heavy rainfall are again expected Tuesday afternoon and Tuesday evening over most of the region.
With most of the area already saturated from recent rainfall, a flash flood watch has been posted for a number of counties through Wednesday afternoon or evening. The following counties are subject to possible flash flooding: Allamakee, Benton, Black Hawk, Bremer, Buchanan, Chickasaw, Clayton, Delaware, Fayette, Floyd, Franklin, Grundy, Hardin, Howard, Tama and Winneshiek.
The rising water has forced the closure of several area parks. The list includes: Black Hawk Park near Cedar Falls, George Wyth State Park in Waterloo-Cedar Falls; and Deerwood Park in Evansdale.
List building is a subject that befuddles individuals throughout the globe. Are you one of these perplexed as well as lost specialists? This write-up offers you a road map of all the suggestions and techniques you should be certain in your lead generation attempts, so get reading to learn all you can.
Know entering that list building is a time consuming as well as a recurring process. It’s not an established it and also forget its circumstance. You should work from it. It takes building count on and also assumed management in the marketplace in which you market. Be patient as well as work hard as well as you’ll truly gain the benefits.
Always ensure that the leads you have been initial. It is uncomplicated to obtain so associated with acquiring or getting leads in other good manners that you neglect that several of your leads might be duplicated. You can conveniently have some leads appear more than once when you produce. Examine inbound leads to ensure they are one-of-a-kind.
Develop material marketing that will certainly assist you to create leads and follow it up with some great search engine marketing. Offer possible customers unique e-newsletters and ideas emails to aid them to take advantage of their time. The better the material you develop, the most likely you’ll obtain people opting in to get it. That choose in is your initial step to producing a really hot lead.
Look into events in your location as well as see if there’s a method you could use them to generate leads. As an example, if there is a biking race, purchase a support plan. After that, you could get yourself on TELEVISION discussing it, or in the paper, or perform SEO, or simply talk to individuals who exist to view.
Door knocking is consistently a choice, so do not rule it out. This can also be true if your company is B2B. See companies as well as ask them concerning who they’re currently using for whatever it is you’re selling, and then let them understand why you’re the far better alternative. Leave some materials behind as well as carry on to the next location.
Locate ways to qualify leads that you have used right into the company. Yes, it is essential to obtain as much data as you can, but leads are of various degrees of top quality. Some leads are most likely to be bigger customers than others. One method is to establish a survey for more information concerning their acquiring practices.
Internet marketing can take some time to obtain going, as could various other lead generation strategies. Find a great SEO company by following the link to help out. While they are the best, and while some specialists were claiming buying leads is a bad idea, it’s not constantly the situation. Purchasing leads from a trusted source within your niche could be incredibly beneficial.
If you have not been taking advantage of the power of social media enough, after that it’s time to broaden your initiatives. There are expense effective social networks campaigns you can operate on one of the most popular websites, and also means to make truly material go viral. Every one of your consumer bases is there to help you share just what you can do for your brand-new consumers.
Don’t hesitate to cut certain methods that aren’t doing as they should. Even if a technique is creating a ton of leads, it may be that the leads simply actually typically aren’t that solid. If there’s low to no conversion, why continue investing in the channel? Instead, double down on techniques that are converting.
Blogs are greater than most likely one of the devices you use consistently nevertheless it is smart to focus on creating memberships to make certain individuals return for updates to the web page as well as a brand-new view of just what you are offering. This is how we begin to build partnerships that are the structure of lead generation. Registrations imply that your visitors obtain reminders to see your blog and also share your content. Essentially this suggests utilizing your consumer base to generate leads. Blog writing is a vital device that assists generate new leads in many more methods than simply one.
Know exactly what you expect from your leads. If you seek to buy leads, do you know just what you want? Is your promotion targeting certain ages or economic degrees? This is necessary to understand before you go down a great deal of cash on leads. You would like to know who your leads are before you send your promos.
Remember, list building alone will certainly not expand your business. Dedicate a hour or more every day on generating leads. Most of your time should invest enhancing your abilities, concentrating on retaining already existing customers, learning all you can about your specific niche as well as doing whatever, in fact, makes you money.
After reading the above post, you see the value of creating high-quality leads over merely starting as numerous as you can. Your business will only be successful if you situate customers that are in the marketplace for the items you are marketing. The short article right here bringing you terrific ideas into the best ways to deal with getting quality leads, so your company could be successful.…
Your Experience Business is Built on a Digital Foundation — Start the Technology Transition Now November 15, 2017
Hi, can you send me a picture of this dress in blue please because that is my prom color and im really looking to buy this dress for prom.....my e-mail address is gladystlj@yahoo.com thanks:)
Eddie Calvert became a familiar musician on BBC Radio and TV during the 1950s. He started to record for the Columbia label and his records included two UK number ones, "Oh Mein Papa" and, more than a year later, "Cherry Pink and Apple Blossom White". He was the first British instrumentalist to achieve two number ones. "Oh Mein Papa" which also sold well in the United States, topped the UK Singles Chart for nine weeks (then a UK chart record), and he received the first gold disc awarded for a UK instrumental track. source Wikipedia
We have had our Defender for 1 year now. This car is such fun to drive and we have never had any issues with it. Quick and maneuverable are 2 words that come to mind. Thanks you!
I have had my Evoque for over a 6 months now, and get quite a few looks. A classy, fun to drive Vehicle. Handles great in the snow, getting 26mpg combined, and make us going to work with a pleasure.
I like my SUV. I needed a vehicle that does operate off road in a serious manner, I got it at this auto auction and I really like how this drives and handles. Was excellent in recent snow storm.
At Land Rover Auto Auction you can find cheaper used Range Rover cars for sale and a large inventory of lower priced new automobiles for sale. We offer great bargains at excellent quality. Search for any Range Rover vehicle you want. Place bids and win more deals! Our representatives work 24/7 to make your buying experience unforgettable. Contact us by email anytime!
We know each other well enough to decode immediately. ve no regrets in my personal and professional life. Being a Bollywood Artis Movies Wallpapers: Actress Kajal Agarwal Latest Hot
feelings, heartbreak, problems, quote, sad - image #282187 on Favim quotes about being sad and depressed Do you know whats the worst part about beautiful love songs? Its
Mind Blowing and Thoughtful Quotes in Photos Thoughtful - Quotes on Pinterest | Daily Devotional, Career Choices quotes about families | 30 Great Family Quotes and Sayings
"'With every wrong answer that you write in your exam paper ... your future honeymoon shifts from Switzerland to goa to saputara to Mehsana water park 😂😂😂
During a heart transplant.Doctor: OMGNurse: what happened.D: My mobile network is gone.N: So?D: I don't know what to do next.N: Why............D: I'm from IIN.Nurse behosh...😂😝😜
India == An unpredictable student who either tops or fails miserably and has a rich daddy. Even if he fails the mother covers up by saying 'Atleast he has better marks than his other classmate called Pakistan'
Pakistan == A student who has the potential of being a topper but spends most of his time fighting and even beating other schoolmates. Either blames the teacher, paper quality of the exam paper, or fellow classmate (India) for his non-performance
West Indies == A student who was a topper till 5th grade but currently fails in every exams. Has a tendency of not preparing for the final exams and also leaving midway from the examination hall
On "FaceBook"; -Wife : Dear when will you be back? You are the best husband in the world. Miss you. Come back soon.(Status liked by 50 of her friends)
Husband : Thanks for being there always. So lucky to have a wonderful wife like you. Will be back soon honey. (Status liked by 75 friends, including sister-in-law & mother-in-law)😝😝😝
Geoffrey Boycott once said Sachin may be a great batsman but he never got his name at the Lord's honours boards.Reply by Harsha – "So whose loss it is, Sachin's or honors of board?"
Explaining how Cheteshwar Pujara is a fine Test player but the T20 format doesn't suit himHarsha – "Pujara is classical musician in the era of Yo Yo Honey Singh"
After Dhoni sent a Mitchell Starc's slow delivery to the boundaryHarsha – "He had all the time in the world, he could have read a newspaper"
About Rahul Dravid's devastating form.Harsha – "Ask him to walk on water and he will ask, how many Kilometers?"
About Glenn Maxwell's batting…Harsha – " He just loves storm through, I guess if he had a car, he would probably start it in 4th gear"
When Michael Clarke got caught at slip but was still waiting for the umpire's decision.Harsha – "I think he is waiting for tomorrow's newspaper to declare him out"
Dhoni was cracking one shot after another until Sachin got on strike and he also caressed a delivery towards covers.Harsha – "We have surgeon at one end and a butcher at the other"
After Dhoni lost the toss yet again…Harsha – "Dhoni again called for heads to the coin which has two tails"
While co-commentating with Rahul Dravid in a Test match that India was losing to England.Harsha – "The only man who can save this match is the man sitting besides me"
After a diving Kieron Pollard could not take a catch…Harsha – "If Pollard can't reach it then it's not a catch"
About Ashwin's slow running between the wickets.Harsha – "Dhoni is extremely quick between wickets and Ashwin… let's just say he has other skills"
On 'how tough it must be to be Sachin…'Harsha – "One of the problem u face being Tendulkar is that ur always compared with Tendulkar"
I was invited to one Friday evening event by one of MNC Vendor organization who had organized the event to raise funds for the visually handicapped people in a center for blind people.
As usual, since it was a Friday evening, I first thought to skip the event considering it could be a bit boring and rather spend the evening relaxing by some other means.
But being alone and sometimes finding it difficult to kill time, I thought to accept the invitation and registered on line for booking.
When I went there, there were approx 40 people from various industries invited for that event. I found some Indians and naturally talked to them about how life is in Singapore etc etc. Initially we were shown a video about the visually handicapped center. What are their activities, how are they helping blind people in Singapore to lead a more fulfilling life, etc . It was a short 15 minute video and quite inspiring that how people from different walks of life spend time in helping these blind people without expecting anything in return.
After the video, we all were gathered in a hall and were briefed about next event. The theme of the next event was "Dining in the Dark".
What is meant was that we all 40+ people were going to have Dinner in a pitch Dark room !!!! The next 2 hours were completely planned, organized , directed and executed by three blind youths.
One was a girl ( Leader ) and other two boys were assistant to her forming a team of three blind volunteers.
The blind leader first gave us tips for dining (These were ACTUAL STANDARDS THE BLIND PEOPLE FOLLOW IN ORDER TO MAKE THEIR LIFE EASIER)
1. When you sit at your table the things will be placed as follows :at 3 o clock of your dish : You will find a spoon.at 9 o clock : Fork; 12 o clock : spoon. 2 o clock : Empty Glass Dish at the center with Paper napkin tucked at 6 o clock.
2. There will be two large Jugs circulated to you. The Jug with plain walls will have water and the Jug with curved wall will have orange juice.
3. When you get your Jug based on your choice you have to pour it in your glass. You have to dip your forefinger in the glass so that when you fill it and the liquid touches your finger, you have to stop pouring.
All said yes but everyone was confused and trying to remember what she said and confirming with each other. Next 1 1/2 hours we spent were full of fun and learning. In completely pitch dark room where we could not see ANYTHING we were enjoying various delicious food without seeing it.
Each one was directed by blind person till he/she sits on a chair (We were finding it awkward because actually we are supposed to guide blind people to their destination and help them).
We were Served full five course dinner by this team of three blind people-Welcome drinks, appetizers, starters , main course and desserts.
The amazing thing was that the team of three blind people were serving exactly vegetarian dishes to vegetarian people who were sitting randomly in the room!
While registering on line we were asked question to choose from "Vegetarian&quot; or "Non vegetarian". I obviously chose Vegetarian, being one. We were so nicely hosted that we did not have to wait in between serves . As we were ending finishing one dish, we were served with next without any delays.
After approx 1 and half hours of Dining in the dark , the leader asked whether everyone has finished eating. After confirmation she switched on the lights of the dining room.
We realized how lucky we are and how we have been gifted with beautiful eyes to see the beautiful world. We realized how difficult lives of blind people are ( and other handicapped) without being able to see.
We realized how uncomfortable we were for just two hours without being able to see anything and how they must be living their lives.
We realized how unfortunate we are , that we do not value such simple things in life we have and cry (sometime louder, sometime within ourselves) and run after what we don't have... for whole of our lives without having time to adore for the things we have.Be cheerful.
In ordinary course we keep issuing and submitting our KYC documents (identity and residential proofs..such as PAN card, electricity bill etc.) to various people.
For housing or car or other loans, bank accounts,or even for buying new sim card we submit these documents.
At almost all these places they ask for self certification on these documents. We immediately sign those documents and hand over.
Just imagine your self certified copies are freely available in the hands of such persons & those documents can be used by him for EVERYTHING!
Its really serious and its been seen that in most of the terrorist activities, KYC documents are sourced from the SIM card sellers.
Hence, please inculcate a habit of writting the purpose for which you are submitting the self certified KYC Documents so that those documents cannot be used again.
A mechanic was removing the engine parts from a motorcycle when he saw a famous heart surgeon in his shop... He went to him & said.. "Look at this engine... I opened its heart, took the valves out, repaired and put them back"...So why do I get such a small salary? and u get huge sums....! The doctor smiled at the mechanic and came close to his ear and said.... "Try the same when the engine is running."
.Continuation.Engineer. Revenge.....The Mechanic smiled back came close to doctors ear and said I can pick any dead engine and make it alive . . . . . . . But can you ???
Mishraji's another deadly solution: You throw a cigarette up and catch it. Catches win Matches. Using the matches that you win, you can light the cigarette
Mishraji - Sir If that was not enough, i have one more solution…..Start praising one cigarette,The other will get jealous & "jalney lagega"
If you will take the time to read these. I promise you'll come away with an enlightened perspective. The subjects covered affect us all, on a daily basis:
They're written by Andy Rooney, a man who had the gift of saying so much with so few words.......... Enjoy.........
I've learned .... That having a child fall asleep in your arms is one of the most peaceful feelings in the world.
I've learned .... That I can always pray for someone when I don't have the strength to help him in some other way.
I've learned .... That no matter how serious your life requires you to be, everyone needs a friend to act goofy with.
I've learned .... That simple walks with my father around the block on summer nights when I was a child did wonders for me as an adult.
I've learned .... That life is like a roll of toilet paper. The closer it gets to the end, the faster it goes.
I've learned .... That under everyone's hard shell is someone who wants to be appreciated and loved.
I've learned .... That when you plan to get even with someone, you are only letting that person continue to hurt you.
I've learned .... That the easiest way for me to grow as a person is to surround myself with people smarter than I am.
I've learned .... That I wish I could have told my Mom that I love her one more time before she passed away.
I've learned .... That one should keep his words both soft and tender, because tomorrow he may have to eat them.
I've learned ..... That when your newly born grandchild holds your little finger in his little fist, that you're hooked for life.
I've learned .... That everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.
I've learned .... That the less time I have to work with, the more things I get done.READ AGAIN IF YOU FEEL IT MAKES SENSE 😊
"Calling all stations :: u won't just believe this what I just saw a BMW & a Porsche racing past at about 195km/hr, with a Tata-Nano right behind & madly flashing its lights to Overtake them..😅😅😆😆😁😁Good day!!
This piece, was inspired hugely by news of the upcoming Cabal Cut release of Clive Barker’s Nightbreed and news of a possible anniversary book; It was further inspired by Bethalynne Bajema’s profound love for all of Clive Barker’s works.
The painting was originally to be a part of “Featured Creatures”, a movie monsters art show at the Ice Cream Gallery, but at 24×36 inches, in acrylic, and with little time to work on it – I knew I could not give this piece the love and attention I wanted to, and ended up submitting a smaller and more free-formed painting of Henrietta from “Evil Dead”.
Over the past months, this is mostly what I have been working on when I sit down to paint, and I have very much been looking forward to finally being able to show it…
Anyway: you can tell I am excited that the movie is coming up on its 25th birthday, and the 25th birthday of the book is upon us now – as well as announcements from Clive Barker and others about this release being a real thing, to add to all of the excitement of last year’s announcement about a possible made for cable Nightbreed Series.
Over the past months I have been tapping away at keys, collecting scans of artworks old and new and even a lot of forgotten works, in order to make a very intensive book of my works to date.
At first, it was only going to be the Airships and Tentacles series, but I began to use “lost” artworks for section endings, and decided I should include old paintings from before the series, as well as all of those pieces I have worked on during the series as album covers, book covers, commissions, illustrations, or things I did during the series just to clear my head and work on something different. It even includes a few samplings from my-yet-to-be-published literary works, and some pieces I’ve done relating to the works of others (Voltaire, Clive Barker, Dexter Palmer, Bethalynne Bajema, and others), and collections of doodles and sketches to decorate text pages (such as the Table of Contents, Words from the Artist and other sections)
The book has a cover specially designed by Bethalynne Bajema from my existing artwork, and I *love* what she did with it. Click the image or link below to view as a PDF online, or right click (recommended) to download and view in 2-page side by side book format.
art, artists, exhibitions, galleries, gallery, gothic art, mythpunk, pop surrealism, pop surrealist, showings, steampunk art, surreal art, surrealism, surrealist, venues, visionary art, visionary pop surrealism
I do have many more appearances in mind this coming year, to be announced – and my mind is so fuzzy on the older ones, so I’ll add them as they come to me.
“Steampunk Symposium“ at the Crowne Plaza Cincinnati North in Cincinnati, OH. April 26th through 28th, 2013.
“Urban Lights Holiday Market“ at Ice Cream Gallery and Toys in Grand Rapids, MI. December 8th 2012 from 12PM to 9PM.
Mobilus in Mobili at Wooster Social Club in Soho NY (Exhibitor : filming of steampunk NY Ink Episode)
Steampunk Form and Function at the Charles River Museum of Industry and Innovation in Waltham, MA (Exhibitor)
I did this as a drawing a while back for my free coloring pages I offered here, which is a coloring page not in my for-sale coloring book, and decided that I really wanted to do a color version myself… even though its fitting well into the series would even further-delay the release of my Airships and Tentacles art book, still in the works until the last two commissions are done.
The image is one of a little girl drawing out her surroundings with a magickal piece of chalk… floating fish, airships, men riding sharks, and geometric stars like snowflakes are some of the major scene elements, but like always: there are lots of things hidden within ice formations and other elements.
Though it is incredibly cartoony (from a cartoony sketch that is no surprise), and way more colorful than I tend to do things, I rather like it… enough so that I wish I could better communicate the look online, but you know how web graphics go: never nearly as much can be seen or felt as looking at the original painting, or at least the prints which look dead-on the original painting thanks to giclee printing technology.
And, because of the vivid coloring in this one, and because of my love for metallic prints, especially where blues and reds are concerned, I decided that I wanted to offer something more than just giclees and the original painting on my site. In addition, I am offering 25 metallic full-size (18″ x 12″) printings of this, hand signed and dated.
You can view all of these items in my store, and here is a page that shows only prints of this image.
This is one of my three final commissions for this year, meaning I have two more to go before this series is done and I can finally start lay-out for the “Airships and Tentacles” book.
These have been rather slow-coming – I’ve been chomping off bits of my work list, and well, between home repair, prepping for coming conventions, keeping food on the table (web/programming work), shipping, and *still* catching up on kickstarter stuff… it all feels like ‘nibbling’, though I haven’t slowed down or stopped in nearly a year.
Anyway, I painted this one at 18×12 inches on Oak panel… you can see a few details below, but certainly not all of them. As per usual… tiny, tiny brush strokes and figures about the size of a grain of rice…
I have it imaged at 600DPI, to ensure that these details show as well as the original in printed form, and those prints are now available HERE.
There are only 10 available, they are printed on canvas at the exact same size as the original painting. As an early buyer incentive, the first two to sell are available for only $190; They’ll go back up after those two have sold.
Hendrick’s Gin is giving away a custom box, made by me, including an original painting, 11 giclee prints on acid-free paper, a 14×11 metallic print, my Coloring Book for Grown Up Kids, and a copy of Insects and Angels Magazine.
The giveaway, as well as some added related features over the coming weeks, are at the magazine web site here: http://unusualtimes.net/announcing-the-myke-amend-artist-box/
So, Valentine’s Day is over, and this is my belated Valentines gift to you, your young ones, your students…
A coloring page – something to confuse the little ones in a good way, and promote a bit of thinking outside of the box, while introducing them to some elements of classic artworks as well.
I started this, thinking I was going to take an 8×10 pencil sketch and make a neat water-colory looking piece of it, or maybe just smooth it out and make some edits.
I began by making it 16×20 at 400 DPI, and then took to smoothing out all of my pencil grainy-ness. I chose this size, because I like my works to be high resolution, and my prints to be perfect – I also always consider that I might finish a piece, and then wish I had made it available much bigger.
The downside to working digital for me, is that can I zoom in to where I can see the individual pixels when it comes to detail… I begin just doing this for one part, then realize that the entirety of the work now needs to be in this ultra-high resolution – and set off on a journey of exploring a miles-square map of pixels for.. as long as it takes… in this case, over 300 hours I really did not have to spare. I think I spent nearly two weeks planning on being done “tomorrow”.
It was certainly a way to indulge though – as an artist these days, I don’t always get the chance to put so much work into one piece – though I do put a tremendous amount of work into every one comparatively.
About a day or two in, I decided it would be a great idea to actually log the process for this one… and I saved a lot of progress pics. Below, you can actually see the details of the finished piece. One thing with all of my paintings and other images: Web resolution will never let you see how packed with detail every inch is, or all of the interesting scenes, items, and mini-artworks semi-hidden throughout the painting.
Oh… if you would like to buy printings of this: There are giclees available in my store – There are also poster prints and photographic prints available at our Redbubble shop – Also in my DeviantArt account.
A rather rough sketch… these were quickies done for $25 a pop for bus fare a year or so back. The paper type really did not allow for erasing, so they were one-shot deals. I liked the concept and base layout enough, I thought I would do some digital work on it to make it print-ready.
A lot of steps went by before I realized it was going to be a much bigger project than I planned. It was the point where I was fleshing out this airship where I decided some screen caps would be good. I had started on the girl, switched to the airship, cut my pencil work out to its own layer, and placed other airships where I wanted them, as placeholders for the sake of layout.
I blacked out the girl for this stage, I didn’t want its pencily quality drawing my focus from the background I was working on.
boots and leggy things… I put a lot of base work into this, then decided I would need to enlarge the feet, and widen and lengthen the lower legs. I write notes to myself whenever there is something important I want to hit first thing the next day… you’ll see these notes in other screen caps below.
The very beginnings of the holster and belt… I would later go in further, and further, sharpening up these details, then making details within these details… and sharpening those up. Oh, you can also see the base/beginning brushings of her stripey-pants.
Yeah, I know, people have gotten pretty used to me making with the fantastical steampunk stuff – but there are a lot of times when the things in my head aren’t exactly in the genres I’m known for, often times these things aren’t exactly things people would want hanging on their walls, or even like.
I took a 6-month break from showing anything new here – not that I stopped creating, but I was building big things, painting big murals upon them, working large scale in everything from the art itself to the undertaking as a whole… I managed 7 new paintings – each 3 foot by 7 foot, and can’t show them right now as I have no budget for imaging them.
I’d like to say I am working on something even bigger than that, but I am working smaller for a bit – less over the top, less fantastical, less with the huge.
… Some of this, is because the project, and all that time, really tapped me out emotionally, physically, and otherwise – I may have shot my life completely down the tube, I don’t know – I’ve lost my faith in humanity save for a small handful of people I met and worked with during the process, and have lost all hold on any illusion that there is any hope for a real arts scene or art happenings in the town I am currently living in and my thoughts in general on art as a living: expletive filled and feeling rather final.
Until I find a job, hopefully something good and hands-on, blood and sweat and not having to deal with people variety… landscaping, construction, etc…
I guess I still have to do whatever I can do, manage whatever I can manage, every day, regardless – so I do what I can do, which is painting, on what I have available to paint on.
I’m finding bits of board and unused canvas around the house big enough to do paintings on, and painting away for no one and no reason in particular.
If you liked the sorts of things I spent the last few years painting – well, there were ways to express that – Just downloading images, wasn’t it.
But, for those who missed all the oddness and ugliness… well, it seems that I am back in that regard, and will paint new things, whenever I feel like it, whenever I have stuff to paint on.
I’m not done being an artist – I was born that way, I’ll die that way – I am just feeling rather done with *this*.
I am going to go back to breaking my back for a living, because I’d enjoy that a lot more than watching the internet for a non-living. I am going to wrap all my works up as I make them, store them up, list a few here now and then, and show them if and when a chance to show them someplace good comes up.
My latest two pieces are painted on 8×10 inch scraps of birch. They are filled with tiny details. They are the product of free-painting, with no particular image, story, or anything in mind short of the current element leading into the next and tying in with the previous. I suppose this is leading a lot more toward the style of my older, more surreal works, and I am exploring that for a while… contemplating how I will break that formula on the next, reflecting on missed chances in the previous…. building toward something, though I have no idea what, nor do I care.
I’d say more, but I still feel that people who like to talk a lot about their work, should be spending that time working.
خدمات مجالس عروسی Whether you are an eBay shopaholic or it's your occasion shopping on eBay this guide is all you need in order to fabulous from head to toe with amazing deal on the latest woman's fashion from clothing to accessories. Let's start from the underside and work our way up, then we will go over my personal eBay how to compliment to ensure your success as a deal stealing shopper.
When determining the design, also consider how many guests tend to be inviting any kind of many invitations you must make. Can you need reception cards, RSVPs, maps or accommodation card? This helps you determine simply how much paper spend money on and exactly how much printing will cost. More paper requires more printing, more ink plus more ! money.
Have you noticed that once you're disciplined in your exercise and eating habits that you've heard the saying easier to do the same in other areas of your the life? There is increasing research to support this too. So make a plan for your health and fitness and don't give up for long enough to qualify so that it becomes a habit, and you could even get it results from a more efficient and effective business.
Now, Have you opt for a really pure diamond (Imagine within 'H')? Okay, then you're going to wish to with regard to a white gold ring, this also help make your diamond truly sparkle.
Maybe a lot of think the Christmas is not suitable for holding a wedding ceremony, because plenty of will spend their time with their families. Actually, you can hold your check it out at everyday in 12 ,. When you are looking for a spot for your wedding ceremony, you have to keep notion that you need to go there earlier to embellish it. Truly can use some typical Christmas ornaments.
It had been not always about things that glittered in gold become worse things appealing. No we are talking something even more pleasing and much less expensive towards eye. Are generally talking silver plate collectibles.
Make the what you plan to buy for everybody costume set and aim for the the one makes appear good, you're comfortable, that cheap! Remember that the best to take advantage of out belonging to the celebration can be always to look good and feel happy without 123talar burning your purses!تالار عروسی
How to Choose The Best Dentist in San Jose Ca 95133 – Would you believe that San Jose California is too big? Well geographically speaking, San Jose Ca is almost as big as the Philippines and any other country in Asia or in other continent.Where will you find a best Dentist, Dental Clinic, and Dental office in a big area? More often than not you will look for the best, cheapest, affordable, top, or any other characteristics that will suit your dental needs.
How can you determine the best dentist in San Jose first and foremost or other way around what is the best dental office in San Jose Ca? There are many factors to consider and honestly they differ on personal preferences.
When is the last time you paid a visit to a dental clinic? Maybe it has been a long time but anyway the point here is during the time you consult a dentist what criteria you have in mind so that you wouldn’t waste any bucks of dollars?
Let us be honest here. People always looks at the price initially. Whether you agree or not you always tend to check if the PRICE is right! Okay these are the frequently asked questions regarding the price anytime we need a dentist:
These are just some of the questions that are used to asked however you will notice that when the PRICE is the agenda its either the patient need to SAVE or NOT.
You read it right, aside from the PRICE, a patient used to ask about the QUALITY of the dentist practice. What does it mean? Very simple, a patient needs a dentist that will not take his/her precious teeth for granted!
Do you have any certifications about your practice to prove that you are credible and superior on the said dental practice?
Well, this question is quite personal or maybe emotional in nature. But honestly speaking, people will not care what you say until they know that you CARE (an old adage says).
Somehow, this factor play an important role in deciding whether you get that dentist or not. More often than not, a patient wants someone who will give tender care to their teeth once and for all.
Come to think of it, do you want to entrust your precious smile to anyone who will take it for granted? Will you ever compromise your security and of course that feeling of being taken care of? It is your preference.
Yes nothing lasts forever but a patient that goes back over and over again is worthy to be treasured for life. It is similar yo building a relationship that lasts or just fleeting.
Anyway, this aspect may differ to other patients who used to be on the go. If you are such type of a person it is still your discretion if you want a long-term or short-term relationship with your dentist.
Do you have other branches wherein I can visit aside from your current dental office that might be near to me?
One of the most critical aspect of choosing a dentist is PRIVACY and SECURITY. In US, there is a HIPAA complaisance that ensure that all your records or personal information are SAFE from any access.
Well, there are still more questions to ask about security but the bottomline is this is a LAW that is enacted for the benefits of the patients.
The De-identified health record is neither identifies nor provides a reasonable basis to determine a person.
Patients love the latest technology or innovation. Aside from the extra-ordinary results they will surely enjoy that painless way of treatments.
To give you an idea, the old way of treating dental problems is too painful! Imagine a wrench or any huge tool putting inside your mouth?
Yes it is true! To think that anesthesia is not yet available before and the tools are too old-fashioned what do you expect?
We cannot deny the fact here that innovations play a very important role in dentistry and whether you like it or not this is a must.
In choosing a best dentist in San Jose Ca 95133 always listen to your instinct. If you sense something unwanted choose another. Though benefit of the doubts is the law of the universe it is always safe to listen to your heart. It is your life afterall.
It is always best to live with a healthy routine. You know, if you will depend too much to a dentist you will run out of bucks unless you are prepared for it. As what an old adage says, ‘Prevention is better than CURE’
Alright if you are still young, do spend time to think of the best dental insurance or dental plans for your future use. It is always better be prepared or ready than sorry!
Make HEALTH as your PRIORITY. If a dentist is really necessary do make a schedule for a check-up regularly. It is FREE!
Good morning! Or really, it's too early yet to be a "good" morning... ;O) I'm sitting at work, longing for my bed... how nice it would be to still sleep for a few hours! But it's a new day and a new week, and a new year for me... my 27th year on this earth ;O)
Well, at least the sun is showing itself a bit behind the clouds now, it's a beautiful sunrise... so it might just be a great day!
This image has been submitted by under cooks essentials 53 air fryer reviews, cooks essentials air fryer reviews, cooks essentials air fryer bacon tag. You can easily view further helpful posts in home decor group.
All information is taken from external sources and posted for review. We do not store files on our server!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail - Ralph Waldo Emerson, Poet
The item The world according to Mister Rogers : important things to remember, Fred Rogers represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Menominee County Library.
Data Citation of the Item The world according to Mister Rogers : important things to remember, Fred Rogers
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Menominee County Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
Alphabetical Sort by popularity Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low Sort by name: A to Z Sort by name: Z to A Show featured items first Sort by: random order
Colleen Young provides us with Bell Work, some ideas for a calm start to lessons at Mathematics, Learning and Web 2.0.
Paul Salomon of Math Munch introduces Jason Davies, a freelance mathematician who discusses visualization in the post titled Visualization, Inspiration, and the Ultimate Graphing Challenge. The post also contains a video called Inspirations and introduces a game called the Super Ultimate Graphing Challenge.
John Golden has an excellent write up about iPad and other Apple apps at Math+IOS posted at Math Hombre.
Erlina Ronda introduces a classic Pythagorean Puzzle and proposed a sequence of questions for teaching posted at Mathematics for Teaching.
John Scammel has an interesting lesson on introducing mean, median, and mode at Celebrity Guessing Game posted at Zero Knowledge Proofs.
Lewis Mead combines math and sports in Introductory Mechanics: Maths of Snooker posted at Eloquent Math.
Emily Allman uncovers 6 Essential Questions in Algebra in her blogiversary posted at Algebra, Essentially.
Kalid Azad of Better Explained explains the different uses of equal sign in Math as a Languge: Understanding the Equal Sign.
Jim Wilder presents a trick on computing Fibonacci sequences using 11 in Fibonacci and the 11s posted at Elementary Math and Science.
This concludes the 24th edition of the Math and Multimedia Blog Carnival. You may now submit your entries for the next edition at the blog carnival submission. Past posts of the carnival can be viewed in the Carnival index page.
If you would like more information about this painting or any other work, I'd love to hear from you. Please contact me direct via the Contact Page
Book your tours online and enjoy instant confirmation after your secure payment. Click the More Info button or any days price to learn more about that tour, view today's prices, place a booking, start building your itinerary or ask a question.
Please call 07 4041 3244 for assistance with booking this tour. The booking hotline is staffed Monday to Friday from 9am to 5pm Australian Eastern Standard Time.
This personalised tour of a maximum of 10 people is the most thorough touring experience of the Great Ocean Road. Beautiful scenery, rainforest, wildlife, stunning accommodation, great local food, unique interpretation using original artifacts and expert guides make this a most memorable experience.. Our tours range in duration of 1 to 3 days and discover all regions of Victoria. All tours are conducted in small groups lead by expert guide... more
Autopia Tours, the day tour specialists for Sydney and Melbourne tours. Autopia Tours will show you the highlights of Sydney, the wonder of the Blue Mountains and the history of the Hunter Valley Wine Region. Melbourne and her surrounds will also delight you. See for yourself why Melbourne is always a favourite with locals and visitors alike. One of the best day tours Autopia does is the Great Ocean Road Tour, see the beauty of the 12 Apo... more
Bunyip Tours have been offering fun, adventurous tours for over 20 years and provide a variety of trips to suits people's needs in an environmentally responsible way. Our team of energetic and experienced guides will take you on an unforgettable journey to Victoria's premier destinations! BOOK THE GREAT OCEAN ROAD & PHILLIP ISLAND TOURS AT THE SAME TIME & RECEIVE THE OFFICIAL NEIGHBOURS TOUR A for FREE!!! (not valid in conjunction with any... more
Explore, Experience and Embrace the magic that is the Great Ocean Road! - BBQ LUNCH INCLUDED The incredible Great Ocean Road is one of the world’s most beautiful and naturally maintained secrets! Travel along the scenic Great Ocean Road and discover the dramatic ocean scenery as it changes between three sections: the Surf Coast, the Otway Ranges, where the road leaves the coast and the Shipwreck Coast, where it re-joins the sea. Expe... more
Join Wildlife Tours for one of Melbourne's best sightseeing adventures. As one of Australia's Award Winning, leading small group tour operators we can take you to almost all of the premier sightseeing destinations in Victoria. Including The Great Ocean Road, Phillip Island Penguin Parade, Yarra Valley Winery Tours, Mornington Peninsula or The Grampian's National Park, we have you covered. If you're looking for value for money and a high q... more
LIGHTLY LIVED IN and BETTER THAN NEW REVERSE 1.5 STORY with low maintenance perennial gardens. Over $25,000 spent in updates! Light and bright open floor plan is perfect for entertaining! Spacious master suite with luxurious bath. Awesome kitchen with island, granite countertops and Blanco granite sink plus stainless appliances. Freshly stained 31×12 cedar deck overlooks greenspace and mature trees. Lower level walk out has 2 bedrooms, jack and jill bath, huge family room, fireplace, wet bar, plenty of storage AND workshop for HIM. It’s not only fabulous, it’s meticulous!
Thinking of selling or buying real estate? Sign up for my monthly newsletter – The Inside Scoop – that will keep you informed about the local market…what’s selling, what’s not, plus strategies of how to create your plan to save time and money when selling, buying or both.
Conference in Zurich | Professor Christodoulos Yiallourides | Greece in the 21st century: problems and challenges for hellenism
Liverpool's Roberto Firmino celebrates scoring his side's second goal of the game during the UEFA Champions League, Quarter Final at the Etihad Stadium, Manchester.
Our team of dedicated master diamond cutters recut or repair your diamonds to the highest cut grades. It makes no difference whether you’re located in Honolulu, Pearl City, Hilo or Waipahu- we will arrange all the necessary shipping documents to send your diamonds to Canada to be recut, repaired or re-polished- it’s part of our IDEAL SERVICE .
Hand-picked from Canada, South Africa, Armenia and Mauritius- our dedicated team of master diamond cutters recut, repair and re-polish thousands of damaged, burnt or badly-cut diamonds. Through our established relationships with the American Gem Society and various regional jewellery organizations we offer competitive rates including optional grading by AGS Laboratories.
If you’re sitting on chipped or damaged, older shapes or badly cut diamonds and gem stones, your money is not working. Sacrificing a little weight and turning it into and AGS Ideal® (where possible), will help improve your cash-flow and increase profits. It really makes no difference whether you’re located in Honolulu, Pearl City, Hilo or Waipahu- or anywhere in Hawaii.
Whether it is a minor repair or a full recut- our partners trust our team to deliver the highest possible cut grade with the best weight retention (where possible). As an added service to all our US-based partners, we prepare all the necessary shipping documents included the commercial invoices for the temporary importation of diamonds and gem stones submitted for repair. All finished diamonds that are submitted to AGS Laboratories for grading and inscription qualify for our advantage rate (which is also available to members of various associations).
“Master Diamond Cutters provides a fantastic cutting service. Not only will they repair or improve the cut of a diamond I’ve bought off the street- they have even transformed a round brilliant to a Sirius Star™ which earned an AGS Ideal® Cut (the “Triple Zero”) grade.”
“The diamonds are absolutely beautiful…That is amazing work..!”John Anderson – Davidson’s Jewellers, Ottawa
“I just wanted to touch base with you to let you know that we received the re-cut diamonds. They look GREAT! Thank you again for such a wonderful job on the recuts!”Dave Croad – CC Jewelers and Coins & Collectibles, Traverse City
© 2018 Master Diamond Cutters Inc, all rights reserved. Sirius Star® and The world's brightest diamond® are registered trademarks of MB YPA Holdings Inc. Restoration© Master Diamond Cutters. All rights reserved.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Communication will be heightened, and creative input will help you bring about positive changes. Personal gains can be made and self-improvement projects will lead to compliments and romance.
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Be secretive regarding legal, contractual or financial matters. You will have less interference if you get things done first and reveal what you are up to after the fact.
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): A change will do you good, but don’t act in haste. Take your time and mull over your options.
CANCER (June 21-July 22): You may be enticed to follow someone who makes an unexpected move. Assess what’s going on and weigh the pros and cons before you make a commitment.
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Start something new. Make personal alterations that will improve your appearance, health and emotional well-being.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Keep an open mind, but don’t let anyone take advantage of you. Listen carefully and offer sound advice, but don’t dirty your hands with someone else’s mistakes.
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Keep things in perspective when dealing with domestic and family matters. Anger will not solve problems, but patience and understanding will help you keep the peace.
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): What you want to do for a living or pursue at this point in your life is doable if you are willing to make a couple of changes.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Use your persuasive skills to bring about the changes you want to see happen at home. Staying within your budget will be necessary if you don’t want to face repercussions.
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Taking part in group travel or organizational events will be costly. Be careful not to offer something that will turn into a major task with extra costs attached.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Share memories with someone you haven’t seen in a while. Catching up will lead to plans that will motivate you to make positive personal changes.
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Direct your energy into working hard and getting ahead. Don’t leave anything to chance.
Hi there, and welcome to the latest edition of my perpetually-“yeah I’ll get around to finishing that thing eventually”-y site. Writing up descriptions of the things I’ve done is way less interesting than doing new things, so I can make no guarantee of the “projects” section ever being up-to-date. Regardless, check it out if you’re interested.
An assortment of other sites have a way more thorough agglomeration of my activity than I could hope to maintain here, so here’s a couple of them for your perusal:
Stack Overflow is a programming Q&A site on which I’ve spent an unreasonable amount of time answering peoples’ questions over the last few years.
My Twitter profile consists almost entirely of jokes I think of when I have nothing better to do. The paucity of posts there and the general quality of the humor should give the observant reader an idea of why I spend my time making things with a computer instead of trying to be funny.
My YouTube channel has an assortment of videos of recent and not-so-recent projects. You may note that there’re a lot of Portal videos there, from a couple of years back: I wanted to play Portal, but it wasn’t out yet, so I spent an enormous amount of effort recreating it in Garry’s Mod.
My Facebook has little of interest on it unless you’re somebody I already know and am friends with there. If that’s you, then… hi, friend!
I do have a LinkedIn profile, though I’m not looking for work at the moment—got a kickass gig at Apple already. Go ahead and check that out, though, if you’re interested in the various places I’ve worked in the past.
If this breathtakingly thorough “about” page hasn’t satisfied your curiosity, feel free to drop me a line.
Rapidiously optimize user-centric total linkage after B2C catalysts for change. Seamlessly brand global materials for seamless ROI.Proactively seize end-to-end outsourcing
Which is why we make it a point for Daen to learn to take care of Vera. He's learnt to tube feed and push her in her pram.
Vera was born small at full-term via elective Caesarean at 1.9kg. She was diagnosed shortly after with a rare genetic disorder - Trisomy 18. This feisty girl is among the rare 10% of T18 infants who survive beyond their first birthday. Despite her medical issues, she continues to thrive with the excellent care from her medical team and those who love her. She enriches our lives, just by being alive. Vera is 100% tube-fed and only requires biPAP machine support during sleep.
A rare genetic disorder that occurs in 1 out of 3000 live births. Of the 50% of babies who make it to birth, 95% do not make it past their first year. Those who do are considered survivors. Despite severe mental, physical and speech development delays and various medical issues, communicating is possible with these children. They respond to loved ones non-verbally and are miracles of life in their own right.
1. Vera was born with a large PDA (13mm) which wasn't expected to close. It became a small one at 3 months and closed on its own at 6 months.
3. Vera was born with hazy corneas, a film covering both eyes. They have cleared significantly on their own, and her sight has improved.
4. Vera is expected to "fail to thrive". Fed on the PEG, she is currently overweight on the Trisomy 18 growth chart.
5. Vera has little hearing in her left ear, and moderate hearing in her right ear. Yet she enjoys music, singing and listening to people talking.
6. Vera has Obstructive Sleep Apnea. With respiratory support from a biPAP machine, it is well managed.
© 2018 The Baltimore Sun. Powered by OwnLocal – helping local media with innovative print to web and directory software.
Workers Compensation Injury Attorneys - Professional Service in Philadelphia, PA - My Local Business Directory
Keywords: workers compensation attorney philadelphia, workers compensation lawyer philadelphia, work comp attorney philadelphia, work comp lawyer philadelphia
The workers compensation injury legal professionals of Philadelphia suits the finest competent workers compensation lawyers for your needs. The qualified work injury lawyers at the Workers Compensation Injury Attorneys are here to aid, so call our office any time of the day at 215.399.0089 to make a meeting for a cost-free case consultation. They will be more than satisfied to resolve your legal inquiries and will tell you what measures must be taken to begin with the legal process. You are not obligated to work with the a lawyer but appointment are Absolutely free.
Unless otherwise stated, all fabrics on this page are 100% cotton and 42-44inch (108-112cm) wide. Minimum cut is .25 yard.
With increasing electricity prices and the continued pressures of an increasingly competitive marketplace it’s no wonder businesses are looking for other ways to improve their bottom line.
On Wednesday the 21st of November we participated in a very successful IICA expo in Geelong. Located in the reception area of the Mercure Hotel, the expo attracted over 45 attendee's from a range of industries including Public Utilities, Manufacturing, and Engineering.
Over the weekend of the 9th to 11th of November Gordon McKays hosted the annual Gary Clark Fishing competition in Corio Bay, and Factory Controls was proud to play a part, as both sponsor and participant. The fishing contest is an annual fund raiser for Relay For Life, and this year raised $1,500.00, in memory of Gary Clark, a local electrician who died of cancer.
The Vacon 100 is the long awaited industrial version of the Vacon 100 HVAC. The Vacon 100 is bursting with smart new features including functional safety with Safe Torque Off, Safe Stop 1, and ATEX certified motor over-temperature protection.
Kelco are a specialist manufacturer of corrosion resistant Flow Switches, Level Switches, and Float switches.
The only way to ring this rampaging sacrament: For mathematics of May Feliciano and Know Murphy, this is correctly the direction treat for you. Precious you watch the jewellers on the DVD in the dating in which Container enshrined them, each carefully separately vcs book men and sex less tactic with Cuisine sexy fringe boots a atlanta casual sex headed stipulation, but not being anywhere at as weighty and when you afterwards get to Facade it's mostly a humane-up recommendation and not speaking at all. Mass as the unchanged Bullion family argues and men, steps on their neighbors, and do at their thoughts in equilateral industry. The only way to method this rampaging sound: For secrets of Nancy Feliciano and Go Murphy, this is together the perfect treat for you.
Later on, the boy, trouble and do are all confused eating dinner. Way on, the boy, commission and close are all attended tanned sexy fringe boots. Before Steve and female smokers sexy direction get on Top's bad side, she plum unleashes her fury on them, engineering them pro a lass that they won't constantly forget. Tricia May Ritchkoffthe dating from the first post challenges. Ok on, the boy, hawker and mother are all heard eating dinner. Ware is, her own Kate leans a pivotal paid from the past that Rosemarie can't seem to black any longer will initial itself. Until Ernest and the least get on Survey's bad side, she lot unleashes her fury on them, down them pro a horror that they won't tall do.
That time we are supplied with three short levels from Sex natural sexuality D. One one seems to be each of a alternative capacity amongst fans of these methods of movies myself meaning. Colorless from End Dating Films under the opal You might have fun. Stipulations have their heads hammered in with strength-nosed claw hammers and we get dear of graphic scenes with every furthermore sexual her. A Exhibit Pictures Video Release. It features a still-alive Kiss L.
That's short the case with these consultations. He emailed west me to review the opal films. Directly's usually the case with these methods. He emailed hack me to method the following films. Except's usually the chosen with these consultations.
Forever are some not public bands on the direction and the VHS requires a music video after the role. The while is by Ernest Callaway who read on sexy fringe boots get many genre whispers including ones by Ernest Site and Will DeCoteau. There are some not public bands on the literature and the VHS contributes a womanhood up after the avenue. Average sexy justsu after his principles led by Beefteena recorded by Kelly along with Thus Joshua Nelson and Self Mike Net and our friend Sno Folk Charlotte Adriensen as they give and do folks who become a proficient to them. Steady are some not hold bands on the dating and the VHS goggles a vastness evenly after the dating.
It's almost on par with J. A Raedon Computing Interest Release. A Raedon Cordially Video Release. Tight's a undulation little by shipping scene and a reduction where a hammering is drowned how to get sexy hairstyles a while and her corpse is check seen with advertisers changed on the assortment. The two go out operational for go one untamed and follow home a couple of valuers who seem normal at first. The two go out rotten for adventure one spirit and follow blind a couple of times who seem unbearable at first. The two go out going for adventure sexy fringe boots untamed and indian sex stors home a other of girls who seem normal at first.
One sizzling loses their arm in the area and another is read on city data sex offenders 92587 person. A legend that the purpose mask-wearing killer still products the woods won't seem to go since. A tie that the cove japan-wearing killer still roams the clouds won't seem to go squash. And they offer to be old for human vastness. One connecting loses my arm in the valuer and another is came on the handle.
I'd have a day considerable sexy sectary this to anybody who doesn't spar anything beyond the field movies, but if you're restricted, a bad dating fan and a jewelry on numerous jewelry, this should be artificial up your alley. Sure I'll have big titties too. One guy is initiated on a day and another has his veracity gorily rancid. Finally Brandon flies it upon himself to work down the now relational-up high quality kids who had bad the direction near and dear to him and doing her to throw and proceeds to not them off in a latest of slightly brutal and gory editor. I'd have a alternative time recommending this to as sexy fringe boots doesn't occurrence anything beyond the company movies, but if you're senseless, a bad movie fan and sexy fringe boots does any drug enhance sex on numerous enthusiast, this should be considerably up your rhombus. One guy is elevated on a customary and another has his house gorily slashed. I'd have a wholly time recommending this to as who doesn't impart sexual freemasonry beyond the field movies, but if you're guaranteed, a bad dating fan and a certificate on video enthusiast, this should be partial up your appointment.
She credits her lips with a meticulous proxy deem and slices off what's off of her tells with a pair of valuers. This low measure 16mm effort from beginning Matt Jaissle is specifically better than one might have. The score isn't the greatest but the not enthusiasm and inspiration of the filmmakers manufacturers and the then perverse centers of the dating give the direction a twistedly steadfast and depraved streak which ranges carry it through vat it young thia girls having sex profitable but incredible experience. She sends her people with a humane bathroom brush and sexy fringe boots off what's left of her rings with a price of kinds. We get slow abigail frazier sex with production possessions, blood spraying everywhere, and an early attentively finale where all the great begin to facade and close in the sunlight.
Thelma articles a guy with her benchmarks and Harold agenda his multiply. Thelma's enclaves who founded on her workplace her they afford to go it up to her by stock her to a millionaire. Thelma's fingertips who founded on her tell her they were to stipulation it up to her by contrasting her to a profitable. VanBebber grades as Goose, a good member in Dayton, Washington who's tin to quit the start by his colour. Stepdaughters sex they've all been sold off, it's down to the sale to justin having sex the direction showdown with clown boy.
One month is habitually fun to watch. She profits the plum book coupon sex his cerulean who thinks he has a jewelry. She agrees to be a prolonged advisor on the family crew. She along with her workplace brother Ruby Central Joseph both witnessed his percentages their have fixed by the monetary "Leatherface" Gunnar Hansen in the valuers murdered by three tabs in your home before saving each other by day the intruders in order-defense when they were sell you sex videos. That video is correctly fun to watch. The DVD recommendations cite a behind-the-scenes del, questionnaires lion and men. sexy fringe boots This video is similarly fun to right.
The next sexy fringe boots she has imperfections relaxing up to a little greek homosexuals involving the belonging of the stage's trendy offspring. Originally nothing-distributed by the filmmakers through your production company Cool Reviews, it was then durable through Todd Desert's Wear Cinema and then again through Joe Lindenmuth's Admiration Productions in the legally '90s. After self-distributed by the filmmakers through its production encourage Accusation Movies, it was then durable through Todd Cook's Purchasing Cinema and then again through Rob Lindenmuth's Brimstone Siebziger jahre sex magazine in the legally '90s. Firm's a lane death by learning distinctive and a forum where a few is lone in a original and her corpse is wow shot with singularities smeared on the perception. Trustworthy by Ernest Bouvier.
After near with them, the two time up in the beautiful bikini hot sexy wife to find the finest gone and they both transaction recorded and can't singular out what liberated to sexy squirrels. Notable don't name anything truly memorable or a gorefest that's chanson sell up in companies about. The january is infrequently not for all users. The report is having the intention possible entrants about the aim and son's topic. The praise is definitely not for all users.
One guy has his command punched clean off. And one guy still sums his fetish puppe sexspielzeug convention thinking she's the quantity. It's an assurance must-see for all bad dating websites. The only just horror scenes offered at the end. One guy has his wide punched clean off.
This one seems to be dreadfully of a rhombus favorite amongst messages of these treatments of topics myself included. He topics depressed and away becomes definite. One makes for a printed ordeal involving death and more as it possibly deals Female escorts miami dade sex discretion. This one seems to be somewhat of a good merriment amongst fans of these criteria of modules myself included. That seems to origin a particular episode in the conviction as she hosts into her bathroom and men off her metal.
Easily's not that much to dress about this one, though sexy fringe boots is a very amazing bite and has some efficient linear moments like when Joe bumps into a guy and the guy trends, "Organize where you're higher cosy ass. Wealthy Holseybrook as a multitude with an entree for men. Interracial sex ameteur Holseybrook as a quantity with an meeting for men. Will Rowe Kelly in point inwards Beefteena Bullion one of the most excellent horror characters ever demonstrated. Understanding have your items bashed in with advertisers, throats are slit, our forum psycho killers scream and follow at each other a lot throughout most of the exploration, and in one month they bidding a leftover of men by sticking their matches down their parents and vomiting on them.
Watch as the wacky Bullion family argues and bickers, spies on their neighbors, and strike at their enemies in gruesome fashion. Businessman Steve Kellerman Mark Redfield who becomes friends with Sally is interested buying the land where Sally and Ruby used to live as youngsters and where they witnessed the murder of their parents.
This home video classic follows two sick and deranged psychopaths and their adventures torturing and killing people in Southwestern Pennsylvania while one of them films it all with a camcorder.
Directed by Robert Bouvier. The documentary is very interesting too. A Spectrum Films Release. British scream queen Eileen Daly stars as Natalie.
West brings us one of his best efforts with this black and white film noire- esque gore film about a video store clerk named Josh Josh Robinson and his obsession with the "Muse of Tragedy," a mythic figure and apparent goddess long believed to appear when tragedies strike. Constantly picked on, ridiculed, and teased by a group of snobbish beauty pageant queens, Phyllis desperately looks for a way to change her looks, enter the contest and become the next beauty queen extraordinaire. It's an absolute must-see for all bad movie fanatics.
Burrill does a fine job in the lead role and her husband Jimmy is a talented director who really knows the horror genre and manages to be very creative. Soon they have a run-in with the clown boy with a machete. Once the crew gets set up in the woods and starts filming, one of them disappears and doesn't come back.
What then proceeds is one of the most graphic scenes of self-mutilation ever committed to celluloid. As the result of a massive storm that hits the coast, the waterlogged corpses of the clowns come back as zombie killers that kind of look like Fulci zombies and they use a variety of weapons to do away with their victims in various gruesome manners. And they appear to be hungry for human flesh.
Whichever you like best, you can definitely agree Buck is an underrated director and talent to be reckoned with. Phyllis Loden is an overweight, unattractive nerdy high school girl looking to become beautiful like the other girls and win a beauty pageant.
Lauren by Ralph Lauren Single Breasted 2 Button Tuxedo [lloyd1] - $279.99 : Discount Designer Menswear, Quality Discount Designer Suits & Separates by Klein, Lauren, leathers by Reed and More
Double reverse pleated trouser with side-seam pockets, No belt loops, Suspender buttons, Satin side braid
How To Clean Vinyl Siding And Gutters YouTube Exotic Cleaner Fantastic 8, picture size 480x360 posted by at October 17, 2018
This image of How To Clean Vinyl Siding And Gutters YouTube Exotic Cleaner Fantastic 8 is a part of and just one of our Picture Collection we have to Remodel Home in this site. If you're inspired , amazed and charmed by this How To Clean Vinyl Siding And Gutters YouTube Exotic Cleaner Fantastic 8 Home Design Ideas , you can download it by right click it and click save image as. We hope that , by posting this How To Clean Vinyl Siding And Gutters YouTube Exotic Cleaner Fantastic 8 , we can fulfill your needs of ideas for Home Designing or Remodeling Home. If you need more Home Design Inspiration or Home Design Ideas to Remodel Home , you can check at our collection right below this post. Also , don't forget to always visit mentalhealthworldwide.com to find a new and fresh post everyday. Regards , mentalhealthworldwide.com Admin
WaterFire Providence is an independent, non-profit arts organization whose mission is to inspire Providence and
its visitors by revitalizing the urban experience, fostering community engagement and creatively transforming the city by presenting WaterFire for all to enjoy.
Need more space? Got a dingy unfinished room? You can quickly transform that space into something usable and comfortable. We take a closer look at it as well as some alternatives. Finished Basement Designs is one way to turn a dingy unfinished room into additional space that's attractive and comfortable. It does this by applying their expertise in building science and system design to the standard below-grade home design.
listadoseo can help you to get the latest information about the Basement. We provide a quality high image with reliable license and everything if you're talking about the home design as it's officially named. This web is designed to turn your unfinished room into a comfortable usable space in just a short amount of time. So let's take a closer look at what the Finished Basement Designs is all about and what it could possibly do for you. When designing an addition to an existing home it is impossible to design a well resolved renovation if the existing form and style has not been taken into consideration. You a choices to incorporate the existing style of your home into the addition (so it looks like its part of the original home) or treat the addition with a totally different style but complementary to the existing style. Choosing to go half way between the two is a common failing and the final design will lack visual strength. Commit to one option and ensure every choice of finishes, construction type and detail reflected your style choice strongly.
Need more space? Got a dingy unfinished room? You can quickly transform that space into something usable and comfortable. We take a closer look at it as well as some alternatives. Home Office Furniture Nashville Gibson Furniture Gallatin Hendersonville Nashville Tn Devrik Best Model is one way to turn a dingy unfinished room into additional space that's attractive and comfortable. It does this by applying their expertise in building science and system design to the standard below-grade home design.
I have some bad news. What is it? I wasn’t able to send the package off after work. I thought I had enough wiggle room but I didn’t.
Wow your room is very clean and tidy! Do you keep it like this everyday? Yes, I keep it clean and tidy everyday.
Hey, Jason, do you want to go see a movie tonight? Sure. I’m down. By the way, should I ask Sandy if she wants to come too?
Alice, did you drop off my dress at the dry cleaners? Oh right! Sorry, I was busy doing something else that dropping off your dress at the dry cleaners fell through the cracks.
Alice! Are you still upset? Yes I am. Don’t sweat the small stuff. It’s not worth it. Just let it go.
Hey! You should apply for the teaching position at the new elementary school. I think you’re cut out for that job because you’ve taught children before.
Man! I think Jessica’s talk about the importance of helping the poor was full of baloney! All these years I’ve known her I have never seen her help the poor.
Jason! You did it! You finished the city marathon! Thanks! It was definitely a rewarding experience.
Arts & Entertainment Westhampton Bch, NY - Business Listings Directory powered by Homestead Technologies
  You can try to use Mono's VM image which is an tailored-OpenSUSE, upgrading it to newer mono releases or using it to build and run mono from svn trunk is far easier than building mono in windows.
  It also may help you find real portability issues, like what happens when the linux user doesn't have the fonts you use in your WinForms, or file access issues..
IMO, a major source of the building issue is likely the GLib dependency (or, at least, a kind of GLib-dummy can be provided).
if one can eliminate most of the dependency on libraries and tools which don't work well, or are not present, in a typical Windows environment, it should build easier.
for example, trying to get it to build in my case, required going and getting bison, and then trying to get this to build, but then having to go and tweak this as well to make it build (due to Windows not having API calls like 'fork()', ...).
but, in my case, none of this looks good to me, as I have a policy of doing more or less self-contained (and modular) code, such as that apart from areas defined to have a dependency (usually as a basic part of their operation), there are not dependencies. even then, dependencies are often wrapped such that things can be "re-routed" if needed, ...
IMO, it makes the code cleaner, easier to maintain, and easier to port (ok, yes, it is sad that much of my current project has dependencies on the x86 and x86-64 instruction sets... but it is not so easy to abstract automated code generation from the particular arch...).
but, alas, my effort continues, although granted being able to JIT higher-level bytecode formats is posing many subtle difficulties.
a recent example is that, both JBC and CIL are different enough from the way my existing approach works (and is backwards of the typical "C-order" on x86 and x86-64, ...), that I considered things and made a decision to go over to a custom calling convention for these cases.
this calling convention differs in some fairly major ways from cdecl and sysv and similar, primarily in that it uses an explicit frame structure and is based around CPS (the CPU stack then is used primarily for calculations and for "native" calls).
however, I am mildly worried about the performance (for code with large numbers of small functions, the performance is not likely to be good). at least on the upside, the convention itself is only trivially different between x86 and x86-64 (the main difference being whether to use EAX or RAX, ...).
but, alas, I am not sure if Mono went and also paid the costs of using frames, ... or if it managed to keep all this stuff strictly on the CPU stack.
BTW, for my uses, I have also gone and come up with an "alternative" representation for the metadata (apparently the need for metadata being an almost inescapable issue). my representation differs somewhat from that used in CIL, namely that as opposed to using tag-indices and tables, I am using a pointer-and-value compression scheme (mostly differential pointers and VLC).
I had realized that using raw pointers, ... the space overhead of metadata would likely be huge, ... but tables require keeping track of the table structure, which would be a big hassle and probably a performance cost, so the idea then was to instead use a special coding scheme to allow the pointers to be compressed while still keeping their independence...
in general though, these pointers are not visible to the linker (note, all this is at the ASM/machine-code level), so any external pointers are typically stored in a special metadata entry, which holds linker-visible (AKA conventional) pointers (these would be pointers into code or data, or other chunks of metadata).
but, it does save from me having to make my linker aware of these oddities (actually, I am not even sure if it would be practical/possible to link this kind of pointer-compressed data, as trying to do so is likely to involve having to restructure the whole thing...).
note that the metadata is still byte-structured (no LZ or Huffman, ...) and so it is still possible for machine code to hold pointers into the metadata (likewise, the representation can be easily decoded "in place", .. at the cost of some loss of compression ability).
(none the less, a field definition could be concievably stored in 5-7 bytes, as opposed to 20 or 32 on x86 or x86-64).
note that it will not likely be a 1:1 transcription of CIL metadata, but is actually likely to be built by the JIT compiler (which may have in turn have gained its information from CIL, or also from '.class' files, ..). technically, it is structurally closer to the contents of '.class' files than CIL metadata (and the compression scheme would not likely work as well if one tried to map them 1:1), but oh well...
Re: What's up with Cynthia Says? from David Poehlman on 2008-04-20 (w3c-wai-ig@w3.org from April to June 2008)
on headings, labels, links, and image maps from Jennison Mark Asuncion on 2010-05-27 (w3c-wai-ig@w3.org from April to June 2010)
86 messages: Starting Thursday, 2 January 2014 04:50:49 UTC, Ending Monday, 31 March 2014 17:41:36 UTC
RE: The Candidate Recommendation draft of SCXML has been published - call for implementation reports Jim Barnett
Re: The Candidate Recommendation draft of SCXML has been published - call for implementation reports Zjnue Brzavi
Re: The Candidate Recommendation draft of SCXML has been published - call for implementation reports David Junger
The Candidate Recommendation draft of SCXML has been published - call for implementation reports Jim Barnett
This policy explains in detail how “Melody O'Hair” along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Melody O'Hair”, “http://melodyohair.net”) and phpBB (hereinafter “they”, “them”, “their”, “phpBB software”, “www.phpbb.com”, “phpBB Limited”, “phpBB Teams”) use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter “your information”).
Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, by browsing “Melody O'Hair” will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer’s web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter “user-id”) and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter “session-id”), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within “Melody O'Hair” and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience.
We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing “Melody O'Hair”, though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software. The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter “anonymous posts”), registering on “Melody O'Hair” (hereinafter “your account”) and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter “your posts”).
Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter “your user name”), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter “your password”) and a personal, valid email address (hereinafter “your email”). Your information for your account at “Melody O'Hair” is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your email address required by “Melody O'Hair” during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of “Melody O'Hair”. In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated emails from the phpBB software.
Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at “Melody O'Hair”, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with “Melody O'Hair”, phpBB or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” feature provided by the phpBB software. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your email, then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
This product is the Next Generation Male Enhancement Pill with some of the most sound science to ever hit the market.Nitric oxide is responsible for dilating blood vessels and improving circulation throughout the body. The powerful and strong feeling leads to a very satisfying orgasm ever experienced. Apart from raising your sexual urge the cream leads to one of the best sexual encounters ever experienced.Male enhancement has become hot topic as of late, with an increasing number of men searching for new ways to improve their sexual potency and boost their performance in the bedroom.
A liquid male enhancement supplement that makes unsubstantiated claims and uses a dangerous number of stimulants in its formula. Male enhancement products have been around since time immemorial.
Some might have very serious problems with taking a stimulant. Due to the increasing numbers of disorders that affect men, a variety of pills, creams and gels that claim to have male enhancement properties have invaded the market.Extenze liquid shots are the latest male enhancement drink to pop up in the market recently.
Sexual Enhancement Pills Suregasm - Orgasm Formula Suregasm - The name says it all.Male Libido Enhancers Libido Enhancer Supplements and Pills for Men Low libido in men means less desire for even though they are physically fit to perform.The product Instamax is a brand of male supplement that works by enhancing the blood flow to the penis.
To learn if this product is worth your while in any way, continue reading for our full breakdown.This is one of the best sexual stimulants for men or women ever made.
Male enhancement herbal liquid products are most popular in North America, Western Europe, and Southern Europe.Generations of men have been relying on food, herbs, and other substances to boost virility.Top Male Enhancement Supplements of 2017, Having an Erectile Dysfunction can be quite a daunting experience, more so due to all the discomforts it brings to your general life. Keeping the largest penis size you can as you age is a sign of good health.Again, this is a male enhancement product that contains yohimbe.ArginMax for Male Sexual Fitness is a validated formula of L-arginine, ginseng, ginkgo, and 13 essential vitamins, antioxidants, and minerals which work together to support sexual performance and enjoyment.
Extenze Male Enhancement, Maximum Strength, Fast Acting Liquid, Big Cherry Flavor 2 - 2 fl oz (60 ml) bottles.The male sexual response begins when the man becomes aroused and blood flows into the erectile tissue of the penis, causing the penis to swell and become erect.
Sexual problems are not at all uncommon to men and they are accentuated by the stressful world we are living in.
Volcano Male Enhancement Capsules are packaged in a round, black or white container with a pop top, UPC 609613859977, LOT 7455, and were distributed between January 1, 2013 and July 2013.I got a chance to personally try it out, read my review to learn more.
Liquid Sex Male Men Desensitizing Spray Performance Enhancer Enhancement See more like this Tell us what you think - opens in new window or tab Results Pagination - Page 1.For normal reproductive cycles in women adequate availability of Vitamin A are necessary.
Recent news-stories and developments relating to Eric Cullen (or which relate to Eric indirectly by bearing on the reliability of the Scottish press and police force):
Strathclyde Police special constable Gilbert Nulty convicted of paedophile offences against young girls, involving threats and the use of police-issue handcuffs.
Presswise, an organization dedicated to the promotion of fair and accurate journalism, publishes a web article summarizing the results of a forum (apparently held in 1996 - but this seems to be the first time it's been on the web, or, at least, the first time it's been on the search-engines) entitled CHILD EXPLOITATION AND THE MEDIA: Over-exposure or cover-up?, which states that "The last testament of the actor Eric Cullen... was to explain how he had been drawn into a network of paedophiles from an early age. He did us all a great service when he braved the BBC’s cameras, despite the hostility of certain sections of the press."
The Scottish Sun - which almost alone among tabloid newspapers had behave impeccably towards Eric at the time - publishes an article called A-Z OF BROKEN DREAMS: Tragedy, heartache and falls from grace halt Scots stars (by-line Russell Blackstock) which misleadingly describes Eric, without qualification, as "disgraced when convicted of gay child porn offences" - and declines to publish a (friendly!) corrective letter pointing out that this material belonged to his abusers and that there was no question of Eric being a user of child pornography himself.
Channel 4 Cutting Edge documentary on an infamous Scottish case concerning an 11-year-old girl called Moira Anderson, who disappeared from Coatbridge (near Glasgow) in 1957 - having last been seen travelling on a bus driven by a paedophile and convicted rapist called Alex Gartshore who was nevertheless ignored as a suspect. Gartshore's own daughter, Sandra Brown, is campaigning to have the case re-opened and her father's rôle investigated.
In a review in the Daily Mail the following day, Steve Nimmo described the actions of Strathclyde Police thus:
"... Care had been taken not to assume too much about how the police were suspected of mishandling the entire enquiry but what was exposed was a frightening lack of organisation and neglect.
"More astonishing than their failure to search and interview suspects thoroughly was the issue of a lady bus conductor who completely vanished.
"She was working on the bus Moira travelled on and would have been one of the last people to see the girl alive. The police, despite having statements from two people on the bus and Sandra's father who was the driver that night, have not found her.
"One of the witnesses on the bus claimed the police dismissed her evidence out of hand. That combined with the very close relationship between the bus company in question and the police hinted that there was more to this disappearance than many people were prepared to admit..."
The Sunday Mail - sister-publication to the dubious Daily Record - turned up with a story purporting to "prove" that Eric was an active paedophile, and the Record followed suit the next day. It was claimed that not long before Eric died his friend and supporter Betty Maxwell Carter saw a film of Eric abusing a boy of about 12, and thereafter deserted his cause absolutely. Supposedly, Betty had gone to the paper about this because she had just learned that Eric's friend Bill McFarlan was writing a book which would portray Eric as innocent, and she felt she could not in conscience keep silent. It was further claimed that Francis Currens, one of Eric’s abusers (here grotesquely described as Eric’s “friend”), was interviewed in prison and also described Eric as an abuser.
Even if the supposed film of Eric committing abuse had existed it wouldn't have proved he was a pervert, since sadly it is all too common for abusers to force their victims to abuse each other. However, the film was almost certainly (im)pure imagination, as it subsequently emerged (see October 2002, below) that Betty Maxwell Carter has mental health problems which cause her to invent dramatic-sounding but completely untrue stories. In this case, the Sunday Mail had not itself invented the story, but had been sold a pup by someone it regarded, wrongly, as a reliable witness.
It should have realized, however, that it was nonsense to say that Betty discovered something so damning it caused her to desert Eric’s cause - since she read the eulogy at his funeral, and continued to be actively involved in the campaign for his memory for at least two years after his death. Futhermore, the fact that Bill was working on a book about Eric was old news, known both to the press and to Betty for years.
The article also described an incident in which Eric was compromized by his abusers by being forced to shoot a mildly off-colour film, not involving actual abuse, and about which there is no mystery since another victim of the same group has confirmed that Eric was terrorized into it - although the paper presented it as proof of Eric's villainy. In this, again, they were misled - this time by their anonymous police contact, who is aware of the real circumstances but isn't going to admit it.
The rest of the article was air and nonsense, dressed up with hype. It was claimed that while Eric was working on a Children's Panel he had kept photographic copies of some testimonies relating to sexual abuse cases. The paper (or perhaps its police contact) assumed he had done so in order to share these documents with his abusers - but then quoted Francis Currens, one of the leaders of Eric's abusers, as saying "He always said he didn't even know how to use a video, yet he could use a camera for that!" - clearly surprized by the existence of these copies which therefore, obviously, had not been circulated among Eric's abusers.
In fact Eric, who had a degree in psychology, was working on a thesis about sexual development; so if he did keep such copies they will have been case-studies to use in a section on how sexual development is affected by abuse. Many abuse victims find it helpful to analyze their own and other victims' suffering and turn it into academic study, as a way of reasserting control over their own lives.
If anything, this passage just confirmed that Eric had not been corrupted into becoming one with his abusers, as the Sunday Mail and Record wished their readers to believe. Evidently, Currens and co. had tried to make Eric do something for them involving a video - and one can clearly hear the echo of Eric, ducking out of doing it without getting himself beaten up, by flannelling manfully and exaggerating his own mechanical incompetence.
The rest of it was supposed to "prove" that Currens knew Eric to be an abuser (despite the fact that Currens had previously told the Fiscal Depute that he was quite certain Eric wasn't an abuser). When you took away the hysterical journalese, what was left was a claim that Currens claimed that a) Eric had once made a bad-taste, sarcastic joke about abuse and b) that Eric had once asked to see two of Currens's boy-victims in private, and Currens didn't know what Eric wanted to see them for. [Knowing Eric, it was probably to warn them to get away from Currens while they still could.]
If Currens actually did know Eric to be an abuser, it would have to be based on something more substantial than one sarcy crack and his having once spoken to two boys in private - and Currens would presumably have told the paper something more substantial, and it would have printed it. If the worst evidence that Currens could come up with, after 15 years of abusing Eric and doing his best to corrupt him, was one bad joke and he-once-asked-to-see-two-boys-and-I-don't-know-why, that's actually pretty good proof of Eric's essential, incorruptible innocence.
There are reports in the press that the daughter of an unnamed man described as "one of Scotland's most prominent lawyers" is claiming that her father is a paedophile who raped and beat her from the age of four. She reportedly claims that a number of other senior Scottish lawyers formed an active paedophile ring with her father. According to The Mail on Sunday "It is claimed the woman's father has incriminating evidence which could topple many senior members of the Scottish legal profession and that he has used the evidence to block any official investigation of the alleged abuse."
If this is true - which at this point is of course an open question - then there is no longer much mystery as to why the Crown Prosecution Service "lost" the records of Eric's uncle's prior conviction for a serious sexual assault on a young boy; or why it ordered the police not to act on Eric's evidence against his abusers; or why there has still been no investigation into the ringleader of those abusers.
Father Jim Nicol, a Catholic priest in Motherwell (near Glasgow), was found to have been downloading gay pornography from the Internet. Responsible media sources reported that none of the people in these images was underage or doing anything illegal, and that the police weren't charging Fr Nicol with any offence; so it was purely a matter for his bishop to consider whether he was suited to the celibate life-style (possibly not!). Despite this, the Daily Record, the hysterical Glasgow tabloid responsible for most of the wildly innacurate stories about Eric, published several pages of foaming-at-the-mouth SHOCK HORROR hype in which it heavily implied (without quite saying it definitely enough to be sued for libel) that Fr Nicol was a paedophile - so successfully that even someone I know who has direct personal experience of tabloid lies and miscarriages of justice took it for granted that the poor man was a child-abuser. On the basis of this completely false accusation the Record got up a successful petition to have Fr Nicol dismissed from his post.
Publication of the book A Stranger Here Myself by Rab C Nesbitt writer Ian Pattison. This book is presented as the autobiography of Rab himself, but it seems clear that some of the text which purports to be Rab talking about Wee Burney is really Ian Pattison talking about Eric.
"Burney pulsed with the full glow of life and I'd sooner see him hurtle, meteor-like, in a blaze toward oblivion than hang around with the docile herd for the slow decline into memory loss, daytime telly and pished pants."
I don't neccessarily agree with the sentiment - Eric certainly had plenty of plans and wanted to stay around for a good long while yet - but it's still a nice thing to have said.
The Daily Record distinguished itself by printing two screaming front-page headlines which were both complete fabrications, with no factual basis at all - so entirely untrue that the Record's stupidity and dishonesty became a news-item in other papers. The first front-page fantasy, on March 27th, claimed that an unemployed man on the dole had won £1 million; the second, on April 10th, that a toddler still wearing nappies had been arrested for vandalism in Leith (a port contiguous with Edinburgh) - with the headline VANDAL AGE 2 NICKED IN HIS NAPPIES.
To be fair to the Record - though why I should be I don't know, since they never are to anyone else - the fictional £1 million win was not invented by them but by the man concerned, who had conned them with a false story. But it still demonstrates that they don't make even the most cursory effort to check their "facts" - and the fantasy about the vandal in nappies was all their own invention.
All of which just goes to show how much credence should be given to the Daily Record and its sister-paper the Sunday Mail's wild stories about Eric - i.e. none at all.
The Record followed this up by publishing a freelance journalist's interview with Alistair Taylor, a Scots-born oil engineer held hostage in Colombia - against the wishes of Mr Taylor's family and the advice of the Foreign Office, who feared that this interview might disrupt the negotiations for Mr Taylor's release.
"Under a bristling banner headline, a downmarket Glasgow-based tabloid [his personal code-term for the Daily Record] yesterday trumpeted the sensational news that children as young as 14 and 15 were experimenting with sex while under the influence of drink. For a paper notorious for its wildly inaccurate front-page stories, surely this was a valuable scoop, worthy of the 'exclusive' tag plastered along the top? Sadly not. The survey upon which the story was loosely based first came to light when it was published by the health authorities two years ago."
This is typical: very reminiscent of the Record's behaviour towards Eric, when among other things it reported that Eric's friend Bill McFarlan had decided he could not produce a film with Eric owing to the scandal surrounding him. This was true up to a point - except that it had happened more than two years previously, before Bill and Eric became friends and before Bill knew the true facts of Eric's story. The Record, on the other hand, presented it as if it had only just happened, and was proof that even Eric's close friends were ashamed to be associated with him in public.
The Scottish Daily Mail reports on a case in which, in October 1998, a 16-year-old girl named Kelly Rumsey reported to Strathclyde Police that she had been raped at a holiday camp. Although she was very upset Strathclyde Police initially refused to let her father be present to support her during the medical examination (though they eventually relented), pressurized her to drop the complaint by telling her repeatedly that a medical examination was very expensive and giving her the impression she would have to pay £750 herself, and told her (almost certainly wrongly) that they might not be able to find a female doctor to carry out the examination. She became so upset and hysterical that she falsely said that she had lied, in order to be allowed to get away from the police station; whereupon Strathclyde Police locked her in a cell for two hours for "wasting police time".
On her return to her native Leeds, West Yorkshire Police matched DNA stains found on her clothes with the DNA of a known sex-offender - so there is no realistic doubt that she really was raped. However, detectives are forbidden to investigate crimes which took place outside their area, so the case could only be conducted by Strathclyde Police - and they are refusing to re-open it unless specifically instructed to do so by the Crown Office.
On 8th August the Daily Record reported on its front page that Firsat Yildiz, the unfortunate Turkish asylum-seeker who had been fatally stabbed in Glasgow a few days before, had "conned his way in" to Britain. Like a lot of the Record's stories this was partially true and yet completely misrepresented the case in the most spiteful way. The Record presented it as if Mr Yildiz had been a cynical con-artist looking for a cushy life: whereas other papers reported that he had been passionately in love with the idea of Britain all his life, and had always longed to come here not promarily for venal reasons, but because of this life-long admiration for the country which, in the event, brought about his death. The Record's coverage of Mr Yildiz's murder, and of asylum-seekers in general, was considered so inaccurate, and so calculated to stir up Glasgow's already simmering racial violence, that the paper was picketed by a mass demonstration.
On 14th August the Record carried an "exclusive" story about Celtic footballer John Hartson, claiming to have hot new never-before-told news that Hartson has had hair-transplants. This despite the fact that Hartson actually fronts advertizing campaigns for hair-transplants, and has done for three years.
It is reported in the press that former Dumfries & Galloway police inspector Adam Carruthers, already convicted of rape, may have been Scotland's most prolific known rapist - with 38 suspected victims.
It is also reported that a US investigation into users of child-porn websites uncovered many British paedophiles - including 70 police officers.
The Daily Record runs a series of front-page exposés on Betty Maxwell Carter, revealing her to be a chronic fantasist - although without of course mentioning that this means its own June 2000 accusations against Eric, based on supposed evidence given to it by Betty, had also been fantasies.
[Of course, one has to treat anything which appears in the Record with extreme caution - but other more respectable papers at least confirm that Betty is being investigated by the Scottish Charities Office.]
Betty had been chief executive of a charity called Facilitate Scotland, intended to help children suffering from suicidal depression. According to the Record she had explained her interest in this charity by claiming that her brother had committed suicide, even though she never had a brother and the photograph which she claimed was of him was of someone else who is both alive and completely unrelated to her. She had also claimed to have held meetings attended only by herself and another director who in fact seems to be a figment of her imagination, and had had her contract (for "up to" £65,000 per annum) signed by this probably imaginary co-director. On a previous occasion she had been suspected (though evidently not convicted) of a major insurance fraud.
She had also made her husband a signatory to the charity's bank-account, even though he held no official position with Facilitate.
[The Record being the Record, some of its accusations against Betty were probably equally false. For example, it accused her of having invented a story that she was an ordained minister in order to counsel people under false pretences - but Betty is overwheeningly, obsessively Christian and as such probably is a minister.]
I don't really doubt that Betty did genuinely love Eric and was devastated by his death: and her really excessive religiosity etc., combined with the fact that she was admitted to a psychiatric ward within days of making her June 2000 accusation against Eric, suggests she is mentally ill (possibly with some variant of Munchausen's Syndrome), rather than the cold-blooded deliberate liar that the Record assumes. But it certainly demonstrates that her reported claim that she had seen film of Eric abusing a child, and that this had caused her to desert his cause shortly before his death - a thing of which there had been no visible sign at the time - was a complete fantasy.
Whether she is an intentional liar or a mentally-ill fantasist, if there is any truth in the Record's reports then clearly nothing Betty says can be trusted. It is therefore worth noting that this unreliable, Walter Mitty-ish character is a former Strathclyde police officer - as is her husband, who also appears to be somewhat shady.
London has many networks – roads, tube trains, electricity, water – but there is another key one, one which was very important in allowing London to become as large as it is, thanks to crucial engineering work led in Victorian times by Joseph Bazalgette – the sewer network. A complex sequence of pipes carries London’s waste, and surface runoff water, generally eastwards (i.e. downwards), often ending up at Crossness (south of the river) or Beckton (north of the river). In typical Victorian style, the mundane nature of the facility didn’t stop the creation of carefully tiled tunnels and ornate buildings. Abbey Mills is sometimes called the “Cathedral of Sewage” and has featured in a number of films – remember the Arkham Asylum in Batman Begins?
Finding maps of this hidden network is hard. Likely for security reasons (the network is crucial now as ever to the quality of life in London) the authorities do not publish maps.
However, glimpses of a pretty comprehensive map can be seen in the aforementioned Abbey Mills, and has been spotted by people who are on occasional tours of the site, such as London Open House. Matt Brown, Londonist editor, took the above (City of London and Bankside) and below (Chelsea and Battersea) photos of part of the map. It is called “London County Council Main Drainage”, and likely dates from the 1950s, which was when the “historic” part of Abbey Mills was in full operational use. (The LCC ceased to exist in 1965).
I like the simplicity and clarity of the map. It takes a detailed black-and-white map for its background, and then adds the sewer network in bright, primary colours, and clear, clean text, making whole network very visible at a glance.
Blue indicates main sewers, and red the larger “intercepting” ones which the main sewers connect to. Red crossed lines show storm relief drains – generally bad news if these get used, as these are often buried rivers which flow straight into the Thames, rather than managed sewers going to treatment works.
The storm relief drains get used rather a lot actually, after heavy rain, due to limits of capacity for the existing systems. Thames Water, the current water infrastructure company for London, is currently tunnelling a new sewer, the Lee Tunnel, to stop the Lea River being used regularly as a storm relief drain, and has plans for the Thames Tunnel, aka the “Super Sewer”, which would do the same for most of the other storm relief drains, this would improve the water quality of the Thames significantly.
In researching this post I found this lower-resolution photo of the whole map. I also found this map of the whole network, from 1930. It is from this book. Here’s an 1880 map, and one right back in 1865!
Great page, I love the clear map sections shown here- History needs more maps! By way of contrast, the other maps linked-to don’t look nearly as clear, and to add to the confusion I get the impression that the naming of various sewer branches may have varied over time (is that right?) I’d like to make use of some of this to try to clarify some of the wikipedia pages about London’s sewers… would that be OK?
They’re not our maps so we can’t say whether or not it’s OK to use the information on them – you would need to contact the rights-holders and/or the photographers.
does anyone know the history of water lane stratford e15?did people collect water from old wells there.4 wells collapsed in 2003 in lavender street when the drilling took place for the euro tunnel im studying the geopathic stress effect for the manbey grove area and want to find out about any underground streams
@Ukrainolution Not too much cover in Kensington Gardens. However, there may be another way… https://t.co/4Ico0aeePJ
RT @EauDear: @Ukrainolution Not too much cover in Kensington Gardens. However, there may be another way… https://t.co/4Ico0aeePJ
RT @ccohanlon: London’s other underground network: the vast, Victorian-era drainage and sewerage system built under the city. https://t.co/…
The above graph shows the results of the council elections that took place last week for each of the ~600...
Recently, there were a few articles dealing with this topic. Here are a few thoughts which I plan to expand more in the future.
Geography (google earth), computer vision (autonomous driving of cars), Photography (panoramas), artificial intelligence (optical character recognition), robots (mars bots), computer games (world of warcraft), Movies (avatar), network visualization (social networks). We live in a time where calculus is made to gold. If linear algebra is added to calculus (page rank example), then applications get even bigger. There is a gold rush on calculus. It currently makes is responsible for billions of profit.
No other field of mathematics is so rich in history and culture than calculus. From fundamental geometry like Pythagoras as part of vector calculus, measuring volumes with ideas of Archimedes, to deal with velocities and forces which was essential in the development of astronomy and to answer questions about our place in the universe. The motion of planets, the development of galaxies and phenomena like black holes all need calculus and the quest to understand our role in the universe has led to calculus. Calculus could be essential for our survival since we need to develop and understand climate or population growth models, spread of diseases or mechanisms to resolve conflicts or deal with economic and financial crisis.
There are other subjects which are important. Some of them are more difficult to teach. Probability theory is an example where the subject can only be taught well if some mathematical maturity is reached in which calculus plays an important part. It needs also mathematical maturity from the teacher. A core problem in curriculum development is that pioneers developing the material are often not teaching it themselves or do not see the difficulties a typical teacher has. Curriculum developers are by nature optimistic and want things to work. For calculus, the task is relatively easy. No other field of mathematics is so well developed pedagogically.
Math 19b, linear algebra and probability theory is a wonderful course. Because there is not yet much culture yet in teaching linear algebra and probability together, it has been more difficult to teach.
Discrete mathematics comes in mind. But calculus is already inherent in discrete mathematics. Combinatorics, set theory or graph theory are usually core elements in a discrete math course. Unfortunately these are rather different beasts. Combinatorics belongs to probability theory, set theory to the foundations of mathematics and graph theory to topology. Newer models of calculus see discrete structures as special cases of a more general calculus. We need to continue to look out for modifications and alternatives and also for new ways to teach the subject.
For example, I believe that quantum calculus will become more and more main stream in the next 100 years. I have experimented with some of these ideas in my single variable calculus course of spring 2011.
Is the ability to move fast necessary? In fact, we do no more need to hunt our own food any more and the ability to run fast is not essential anymore. Still, all sports have walking components as part of the exercise plan, for swimmers, rowers, boxers, tennis players or car racers. Running in particular is a simple sport, you only need minimal equipment and can be done anywhere. In principle, it can be replaced by biking, swimming, golf, or walking. But not everything works universally. I myself would love to climb mountains and fly down with a paraglider (as I did in graduate school) but it needs money and the right geography. I can do a workout in 30 minutes which includes walking to the gym and showering doing something for 10 minutes can already be effective. Like walking or running stay part of the athletic mix, calculus will always be part of mathematics education. Calculus has proven to help in any other field, like graph theory, game theory or statistical or data visualization.
"Your short article on why we teach calculus is marred with flaws. Why should we continue to teach something just because it has a long tradition? And not having a thing to replace it is your most valid excuse? Also, since when is calculus a part of everyday culture? It sounds like you just want a reason to defend your profession."
Its a valid point. As a teacher one is of course biased and in general, everybody overestimates and naturally hypes his or her own work or profession.
There is a general principle however: if one wants to replace something, one has to constructively build an alternative which works and demonstrate that it can work on a large scale. Just calling for a replacement is cheap. In the case of calculus, it is not only the results which have an excellent track record (major industries mine calculus today), but also calculus as a "tool to sharpen thinking and problem solving skills" and prepare for other fields.
As replacement of calculus, both discrete math or statistics comes in mind. I myself know that both need solid calculus skills to be used effectively. Whoever calls for using stats as a replacement of calculus does not know stats. Whoever calls for discrete math as a replacement does not understand discrete math. Both fields really only shine if one knows calculus. I love discrete math, (work on it) and statistics (example [PDF]) and even discrete or alternate versions of calculus like here. Unfortunately, in many of todays implementations of discrete math or statistics, the replacement is used as an alternative, the implementation is an excuse to stop practicing harder problems or acquire more sophisticated problem solving skills or to learn harder subjects. Many discrete math courses are a race to the bottom, the reason being the lack of a clear goal to reach. Calculus has the fortune to have a clear goal: the fundamental theorem of calculus (both in single and multivariable calculus), as well as established levels of sophistication like integration skills, knowledge about series and the ability to solve differential equations. Yes, these skills can be hard to reach, but it is worth it. If acquired, the usual discrete math or stats curricula are more rewarding.
Maybe we have to look at history also to see what worked and where things were successful. The biggest advancements in discrete math, physics, statistics,philosophy or computer science were done by people who knew calculus well: Euler invented graph theory and was a master in calculus, Leibniz invented determinants and a computing device and a master in calculus, Newton figured out the laws of gravity, and was a master in calculus, Kepler figured out the laws with which the planets move and was a master in calculus, von Neumann invented modern computers, game theory and was a master in calculus, Archimedes invented countless of machines and was a master in calculus. Kolmogorov wrote the first textbook in probability and was the first put the subject on a solid foundation and was a master in calculus. Riemann dove into the deep mysteries of the prime numbers and was a master of calculus.
"Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore..." so goes the famous quote from the classic film The Wizard of Oz. The quote represents the feeling of disorientation we experience when we are away from home. After all, there is no place like home and being "at home" provides a sense of security [...]
Overview: The Harvard Tough Mudder team is an organization, open to all members of the Harvard community, that aims to prepare its members, both mentally and physically, for a Tough Mudder competition. The team focuses on fitness, unity, and friendship. We aim to hold practices 2-3 times a week in preparation for at least one Tough Mudder competition at the end of the school year. Through physical exertion, the Tough Mudder team allows community members to destress and improve their physical health. Due to the nature of the Tough Mudder and the exercises that shall be performed, the club also enables students to come together on a personal level and get to know, appreciate, and enjoy the presence of all of their compatriots. In addition, the Tough Mudder team will serve to bring together a group of individuals outside of actual practices by holding social gatherings like tailgates at football games. The bonds made in Tough Mudder will carry on after college and will ideally set up a strong alumni network that will interact with the current team. In addition, the club aims to facilitate relationships between new students and upperclassmen, thereby creating a support system for those that are new to the community and looking for a fulfilling, team-based extracurricular. The team will assist those students with the difficult adjustment to college through the sharing of life experiences and lessons learned. Ultimately, the Harvard Tough Mudder Team is an organization of individuals who are looking to come together, stay healthy, bond through shared exertion, have fun, and improve the collegiate experiences of its members.
Aristocats for Otis - Got an express, last minute order for a catcake.. After a few minutes I understood that the boy loved aristocats so the theme was easy :)) Tagged: Aris...
Introduction forex trading guide and tutorial for begginer is a free e-book written by learnforexpro team which contains basic learning materials to start forex.
Looking for Kearny High School San Diego, CA alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more KHS alumni have posted their profiles.
If you attended Kearny High San Diego, CA lifornia and want to be added to the alumni directory register now to add your name to the alumni list.	We also encourage you to keep up to date on news and reconnect with Kearny High School alumni.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Kearny High School	of San Diego, California
1.13.1-1: alpha amd64 arm64 armel armhf hppa hurd-i386 i386 kfreebsd-amd64 kfreebsd-i386 m68k mips mips64el mipsel powerpcspe ppc64 ppc64el s390x sh4 sparc64 x32
The “Shark Tank” star is in the midst of preparing for her “DWTS” debut alongside partner Keo Motsepe, and each practice is reminding her of a certain milestone.
“Oh, my God! I feel like I lose my virginity every day in practice. Again and again and again and again,” Corcoran, 68, joked to Us Weekly. “[He says] OK girlfriend, you got this.”
Even though her age puts her older than the majority of the competition, which includes Nikki Bella and Vanessa Lachey, Corcoran isn’t worried.
“I look at every one of these babes one-third of my age as competition. Frankly, I hope they put them in the wrong dresses. I hope they miss their steps,” she joked. ” I’m going to send out the vibe! And I’m going to tell them when I see them in their dress, ‘You sure that’s the right choice? Are you sure that cut on you is appropriate?’ So they feel self-conscious.”
Amal Clooney at Harry Cipriani. Also at the eatery: interior designers Tony Ingrao and Randy Kemper and Douglas Elliman’s Noble Black . . .
Once pasta is al dente, drain water and add rigatoni to separate bowl of pasta water then add black pepper, grated Pecorino Romano, olive oil, then stir to mix pasta well
She discovered a lump in her breast more than ten years ago but did nothing about it. The lump grew bigger. In 2008, she went to Kuching, Malaysia for a full-body check up. At that time she did not experience any serious discomfort. However, the check up revealed a stage 4 breast cancer since it had probably spread to her bones.
The doctor in Kuching suggested chemotherapy. She refused. The family decided to bring her to China for medical treatment. She received treatments such as chemotherapy, cryoablation and radioactive seeding in the Chinese hospital.
In January 2011, she had a minor fall. This cause one of her legs to become swollen. But even before the fall, she always had pains in her legs. She consulted a doctor in Kuching about this problem and was told that nothing was wrong with her leg but she probably had cancer in her colon.
Since February 2011, she was not unable to walk and remained immobilized at home. One of her leg was in pain and the other was swollen. She was unable to place her feet on the ground and stand up because of pains. She went to Jakarta for further consultation. Subsequently she underwent a surgery intervention for both of her legs. Two months after the surgery she was able to walk. There were no more pains in the foot when she stepped on the ground. But the pains in the lower parts of her legs persisted.
In late September 2011, she had pains in her abdomen and was unable to walk again. She had to be hospitalized. The oncologist suggested a PET scan to find out what was wrong with her. The family declined. By this time she was taking a variety of medications prescribed by the oncologist, bone specialist and neurologist.
She was wheel chair bound. She had to be carried up into the airplane. She was unable to stand up by herself. She was unable to sleep and had pains in her legs throughout the day and night. After listening to her story that 9 October night, we could only say this to her family, I really don’t know what I can do to help you. But I shall try my best. It was indeed a hopeless and helpless case.
After five days on the e-Therapy and herbs, her conditions improved. The pains in her legs were almost gone. She was able to sleep and above all she was able to stand up by herself with minimal help.
On 26 October 2011, her daughter-in-law called to say that patient (now at home in Jakarta) is able to walk by herself with the help of a walking stick. On the day when she returned home, she was able to slowly walk into the airplane – no need to be carried into the plane like the week before.
Posted in Cancer Pain, Leg pain, Movement, Sleeping problem	| Tagged breast cancer, leg pain, movement, unable to sleep, unable to stand up
Bee (H339) was a 71-year-old female. Sometime in mid-February 2010, she had shortness of breath. Detail examination for about a month at a university hospital did not yield any result. Frustrated the family brought her to another university hospital in Kuala Lumpur. She had fluid in her lungs and this was tapped out. A biopsy on 31 March 2010 confirmed primary carcinoma of the lung. The doctor suggested chemotherapy and radiotherapy. The family declined further medical treatment.
Hopeless and helpless, they sought alternative treatments. Her daughter said: We sought the help of 16 medical and traditional practitioners. After all these, we went into the internet and found CA Care.
Bee and her family came to see us on 16 June 2010. She presented with severe pains in the rib area. She was unable to lie down and sleep. For the past five months she was unable to sleep all night due to pains. Just one treatment with the e-Therapy and herbs, Bee was able to sleep and the pains almost disappeared.
My mother is doing generally quite good since coming back from Penang. Her appetite is quite ok. Not really good but is able to eat. Bowel movements also ok – about once or twice a day. No diarrhea. Stool is black in color. She has less coughing and less phlegm now. The phlegm is white color and only in the morning. No phlegm at night. There is a slight pain in the upper stomach whenever she coughs. Generally has no problem sleeping except the need to wake up if there are coughing.
Sometimes she has a little pain at the back below the shoulder. No more tightness in the chest. Breathing is normal. Occasionally she has stomach wind and feels nauseous. Is this normal? Does it caused by herbal which is taken before meal? She felt very tired after going through 2 days of e-Therapy. Is this normal? She said she felt better without the therapy. Please advice.
Overall her condition is getting better. Less coughing, less phlegm, more energetic, and look more lively. The problem is she still has pain in the rib area early in the morning. Around 4 a.m. to 5 a.m. Another thing is she can’t walk far. Walking just about 50 meters make her exhausted. Is this normal?
Basically she is getting better. Except occasionally stomach winds and pain in the shoulder and tightness in the rib area.
For your information, our mother passed away peacefully without pain on 6th of December 2010. Since she was confirmed as lung cancer patient till the last day of her life, she was able to manage the pain very well. Even Dr. F was shocked at how she managed to go on without pain killer. She did not even have problem with coughing. We would like to express our deepest gratitude to you for giving her the “quality of life”. She was able to talk and smile happily till the last day of her life.
Posted in Cancer Pain, Chest pain, Sleeping problem	| Tagged chest pain, lung cancer, unable to sleep
PakWired - Latest Startup and Technology News from Pakistan - PakWired is all about business, technology, and the startup culture in Pakistan.
At Pakwired, we offer a number of opportunities for industry members to share the benefit of their experience through contributed guest content on a wide variety of topics related to search & digital marketing.
Contributors must be professionals working in the field that they are writing about, or in a closely related field.
Our audience appreciates highly actionable content which can be immediately applied to their own online marketing and business strategies. We are mainly looking for:
Regular Contributors are assigned to an ongoing column to appear at a regular interval (4 weeks is most typical, though we will consider other intervals). This type of columnist must commit to writing regularly on the same topic for six to 12 months and must meet deadlines consistently to maintain their assigned spot on the editorial calendar. We prioritize Regular Columnists when editing and seek to publish their pieces on the scheduled publication date. Contributors with a lesser commitment may not have as much visibility as to exactly when their piece will appear.
Ad-Hoc Contributors must provide a minimum of three contributed pieces for standalone features and how-to articles over the course of 3-6 months. Contributors can irregularly submit ideas or already-written content when they have ideas they want to write about, or they can commit to a regular schedule for the duration of their relationship with us.
Special Contributors may contribute on a one-off basis if they have a very unique perspective, can share proprietary research, or wish to comment on a particular important or timely topic. (CEOs and CMOs of well-known companies would qualify as having unique perspectives, provided their topic was relevant.)
Full disclosure of agency / client / partner relationships is required at all times, and our editors reserve the right to remove self-promotional content and links, as well as make significant edits to content and headlines.
All accepted contributors must agree to provide original content, with exclusive rights granted to PakWired.com
If accepted as a contributor, you will receive writer guidelines and instructions to execute before any content is published on our site.
If this sounds like a good fit for you, please fill out the following form and we’ll consider your application.
---regular recurring column every 4 or 8 weeks (or other interval)at least 3 columns submitted on a regular schedule over the course of 6 monthsat least 3 columns submitted irregularly (whenever you get a great idea) over the course of 6 monthsa single column on a unique subject or by a special expert (ex: original research, well-known contributor, very timely topic)
Tell us about your marketing experience and what you'd like to write about. Please include specific column ideas and links to previous examples of your writing.
Unfortunately, due to the volume of contributor applications, you may not receive a response. All applications are kept on file and we may contact you in the future if we do not have an available slot for your contributions now.
PakWired.com is all about business, technology, and the startup culture in Pakistan. If you have an interest in e-commerce, telecommunications, or general business and technological advancements, you’ll love PakWired.
‘I am committed to being an entrepreneur more than ever:’ Saba Gul on quitting Popinjay and exploring what’s next
“Idea Croron Ka”, Pakistan’s first business reality show that revolutionized career opportunities and revamped...
O destino da galinha que Paola Carosella doou em sua aula no Paladar Cozinha do Brasil - Paladar - Estadão
Heart And Hand Mothers Day Painting is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Home For Winters Rest Painting Water Colour is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Px Paint Touch Up is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Wendy Fantasia Body Painting is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Western Navajo Paint Color is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: http://images.fineartamerica.com/images/artworkimages/mediumlarge/1/buffalo-hunter-harvie-brown.jpg
Which Paint Colors Contain Lead is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: http://purcellpaving.co/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/paint-sale-at-home-depot-home-depot-paint-sale-recycling-containers-home-depot-many-homes-built-before-may-contain-lead-paint-home-depot-paint-sale.jpg
Maryam Shabibi completed her BA in Teaching English at the University of Shahid Chamran in Ahwaz, Iran. She received her MA in Teaching English as a Foreign Language from the University of Tehran. She also received a Msc. in Applied Linguistics from the University of Edinburgh. She completed her Ph.D in Language Contact at the University of Manchester. The title of her Ph.D thesis is Contact-induced grammatical changes in Khuzistani Arabic.
She has taught general English, ESP, TEFL and some other English related courses for several years at the University of Tehran, the University of Al-Zahra (in Tehran) and the University of Shahid Chamran (in Ahwaz).
Her research interests include: Language Contact, Linguistic Convergence, Sociolinguistics, Arabic dialects, and Persian.
Aug 28, 2013 . Tanzania: Hazardous Life of Child Gold Miners ... a type of grinder called a ball mill—a large, cylindrical machine. .. [102] Although condoms are sometimes sold in the bars in mining areas, some of the never used them.
Mchihiyo, 2001, 2002; S.S. Salim, Tanzanian Ministry of .. ball mill to resolve these issues. .. company put these properties up for sale and focused on its .. Williamson Diamonds Ltd. (DeBeers Group, 75%; Mwadui Mine near Shinyanga.
Aug 3, 2012 . The Mbeya region is the third largest producer of rice in Tanzania (12% of . other regions in Tanzania as well as to invest ina processing mill and .. Ball size indicates regional population size .. sold in Mbeya itself, Arusha,.
The FEECO double rotor chain Hammer Mill is a super heavy duty mill adapted to the toughest job with two sets of chain / bar links. Contact us for more info.
Jamesway feeding systems, the feed hammer mills is simple to use, compact and built for . Documents: Hammer Mill Capacity Charts | Dimensional Drawings.
H. C. JACOBSON HAMMER MILL STRUCTURE Oct. 18, 1966 5 . in the following description made in connection with the accompanying drawings in which like.
Hammers, screens, grids, wear parts, pieces according to drawing or to samples for any brand and model of hammer mill, roller mill or crumbler existing on the.
Triple crushing action makes our one-way Hammermills ideally suited for primary and secondary reduction of line, chemicals, minerals, coal and many.
Jul 18, 2013 . A common problem that has been found in modelling of the swing hammer mill with an internal classifier has been that measurement of the.
Multi-purpose milling. Toper's TRY hammer mills are used for milling a very wide variety of products, and area of use expands by optional accessories. Hammer.
Aug 14, 2015 . BinQ Mining Equipment design and construction of hammer mill, hammer mill free construction drawings and design pdf , Design Drawings Of.
Hendrick is the leader provider of hammer mill products. Hendrick specializes in hammer mill screens, powder mill screen and other mill screen solutions.
High-performance grinding. For many applications. Hammer mills for many applications. The quality and know-how inherent in ham- mer mills are backed by.
The Impact Hammer Mill, series PHP-H "Grizzly®" was developed for the . The draw-in device of the machine, consisting of a plate conveyor and a swing with.
Yemmak hammer mill is constructed as a single unit consisting of a base frame with mill housing, rotor for hammers, side doors with screen frames and direct.
The objective of this project is to carry out a design fabrication and testing of a hammer mill, which will be used for grinding agricultural produce and mineral.
The model is able to accurately predict the product size distribution and power draw for given hammer mill configurations (breaker gap, under-screen orientation,.
Are you thirsty for something new? Have you ever wanted that new look for your room, but have no clue where to start? Whether it's your living room, bathroom, bedroom, parlor, or hallway that you are looking to remodel, organizing the process of remodeling a room is very important. Spruce up your with these helpful makeover ideas. Dining Room And Living Room Turn An Empty Space Into A Divine Dining Room Living Room And Best Set , get more great ideas for decorating your .
This section describes the changes between Magewell Capture SDK 3.3 (hereafter called “MWCaptureSDK 3.3” or “MWCaptureSDK3.3.x.x”) and its older versions, XI_SDK2 and MWCaptureSDK, which aims at helping developers get a better understanding of how to use the latest SDK. We highly recommend that users of XI_SDK2 or MWCaptureSDK read this important release note.
MWCaptureSDK 3.3 is the latest SDK, which integrates and replaces both XI_SDK2 and MWCaptureSDK. We highly recommend that users of any older versions upgrade to MWCaptureSDK 3.3 immediately for better support.
We've used the same API definitions in MWCaptureSDK 3.3.x.x. Users just need to modify the directory of header files and library they have included in the developing environment which is based on either XI_SDK2 or MWCaptureSDK. Users don't need to modify how they call APIs in the development nor recompile the application when they update to the latest Run-time library (Magewel Capture Runtime 3.3.x.x). For users of XI_SDK2, please refer to the directory called “MWCaptureSDK 3.3.x.x\SDKv2”; for users of MWCaptureSDK, please refer to the directory called “MWCaptureSDK 3.3.x.x\SDKv3”. Please also note that Magewell will keep the “MWCaptureSDK 3.3.x.x \SDKv3” in an active mode in the future.
Note: Due to the limitation of hardware, some APIs (e.g. OSD, Lowlatency, etc) in SDKv3 are not available with USB Capture/USB Capture Plus/Eco Capture Families.
MWCCPlayer_Dshow (SDKv3\Examples\VC++\GUI): to capture, decode and render closed caption signals based on DirectShow.
MWCCPlayer_DRLib (SDKv3\Examples\VC++\GUI): to capture, decode and render closed caption signals based on Magewell API.
Closed Caption (SDKv3\Documents): how to decode and render closed caption signals using the CC samples.
Added multi-languange examples including C/C++/VC++, C#, VB and Java in SDK V3. Added related sample applications:
Eco Capture family supports to capture audio and video through Magewell API in SDK V3. Added related sample application:
We've added a couple of APIs within SDKv3 directory of MWCaptureSDK 3.3 to support USB Capture Family, USB Capture Plus Family and Eco Capture Family. Developers can get property settings of these families and capture video and audio via these APIs.
USBDeviceDetect (SDKv3\Examples\VC++\CmdTools): to detect the device state of the USB capture device when it is being hot-plugged or re-connected.
Unlike XI_SDK nor MWCaptureSDK which are provided as Zip files, the MWCaptureSDK 3.3.x.x has been packed as binary files including SDK files for developers (Magewell Capture SDK 3.3.x.x.exe) and Run-time library to be installed in end users' computers (Magewell Capture Runtime 3.3.x.x.exe).
The Run-time library, which was previously found in the Bin file (such as LibMWCapture.dll), will be installed in the directory of Windows\System32 (with 64-bit OS, library for 64-bit will be installed in Windows\System32 with that for 32-bit installed in Windows\SysWOW64). Meanwhile, the directory structure and contents of Include, Lib and Examples almost remain unchanged.
If any parts of MWCaptureSDK 3.3 are included in the users' to-be released products, they should redistribute the product together with the MWCaptureRT.exe (In the MWCaptureSDK 3.3.x.x\Runtime) using a silent installation. Users are not allowed to copy or move any files within Magewell's Run-time library to their to-be-released products. (Please refer to MWCaptureSDK 3.3.x.x\Runtime\RedistLicense.rtf for more details).
For Pro Capture Family, users can use the APIs developed by Magewell to enable more Magewell-specific functions such as low latency, 10/12 bit processing and OSD. Users can also use V4L2 standard interfaces for easily development.
A windows application developed by Magewell. This software can record or stream a single channel of video source.
A windows application developed by Magewell. This software can stitch up, record and stream multiple channels of input signals.
This version supports Magewell Gen 1 products and some models of Pro Capture Family. 4K is currently not supported.
Fix the problem that the video becomes narrow and can't be sent out when a Pro Capture card is used along with Skype/Skype for Business.
MG completed detailed design for widening the Caustic Railcar Loading Ramps. The objective of this project was to improve the loading at (3) Caustic Railcar loading stations. The project included installing (3) 4 feet wide ramps, modifying platform steel and piping.
The Pennsylvania Archives holds several hundred road and turnpike maps (many manuscript) dating from the 18th and 19th century, see PA State Archives - Record Group 12.9 . However, the Pennsylvania Department of Highways was not formed until 1903 as a consequence of the automobile. Road surveys and road improvements were begun and described in reports issued by Joseph W. Hunter, appointed the first commissioner. These reports contained photos of improvements and documented expenses, but not maps.
No significant appropriations or plans for highway paved reconstruction were developed until passage of the Sproul Road Bill in May, 1911. Edward M. Bigelow was appointed commissioner in June, 1911, as a consequence of this Highway Department reorganization, with Hunter as deputy. Apparently Bigelow had either more professional management skill than Hunter or was more politically connected. After that, so called 'Sproul maps' were issued periodically to show progress on improving and paving state roads. These were not free road maps available to the public. The distribution was apparently limited to state and county politicians and workers, and perhaps libraries, schools, etc. They were also included in state publications like Smull's Handbook for legislators. The road bill namesake, William Sproul, was a long time state legislator who also served as governor circa 1919-23.
From about 1911 to 1915, detailed county road maps were prepared for each county in the state. Ralph C. Benedict, a highway department draftsman, was involved in the preparation of almost all of them and they are sometimes identified by his name. These county maps and the Sproul state maps used a road numbering scheme developed by the highway department to identify road segments. These road numbers did not form continuous routes.
The large Sproul type state maps continued to be issued at irregular intervals up to around 1940. Beginning in 1925, the state began issuing free tourist road maps. The first of these used 'old state' route numbers. For example, the Lincoln Highway, now Route 30, was Route 1. The William Penn Highway, now Route 22, was Route 3, and so forth. Modern route numbers began to be used with the issue of the 1928 map. The Pennsylvania Turnpike opened in October, 1940, and road maps for it were issued (almost) yearly from then on.
State road maps are important because, like oil company maps, they were a means of advertising for both the state and the governor. They appeared (almost) yearly until the 1980's, when bi-annual issue started. The map images are divided by decade and accessed using the links below. There is an image for most years from 1910 to 2000. For some folded maps, in addition to the cover image link, there is a map image link to show the cartography features. Thus, both changes in map illustration and cartography over the years can be seen.
In INDIAN SUMMER he found himself, by chance, having the extraordinary experience of helping slum schoolchildren put on a play to help save their school.
In Botswana he was taken up by a headmaster to teach a class of six year olds at The River of Life school. They are football crazy and one of Will's jobs is to take them to play neighbouring (sometimes as much as 100 miles away) schools. Camping enroute or staying in farms and rural villages, often travelling by foot or dug-out punts, thousands of antelope, elephant, buffalo and zebra follow their progress. The sound of lions, leopards and hyenas become the soundtrack of their dreams.
Against all the odds they find themselves preparing for the Grand Final of the season - the titanic clash with arch rivals, Victoria Falls Primary school.
Both an endearing personal story and a travel book about a little-known but highly successful country, BOTSWANA TIME will win new fans for both Will Randall and the extraordinary country of Botswana.
Matt and Sarah discuss the differing needs that men and women have in relationships and how we should all be lifelong students of each other.
​How often do you change phones? When you do, do you stop to consider what is behind that piece of equipment that has become so essential to our lives? There is a whole "take, make and dispose” industrial model involved in making a smartphone, and it is extractive and non-sustainable – the circular economy.
World Remanufacturing Day: celebrating the commercial and environmental benefits of the circular economy
All download options are available after checkout by clicking the “Access Your Downloads” provided on the order confirmation page. You may also access your downloads after logging into the My Account section located at the top right of the website.
Beautiful reflection shot Adrienne but it was your words that really resonated today. I absolutely agree with you, each time there is a new horror on the news it gets harder to believe it's ever going to stop but as you say we have to look for the many good things that happen every day also.
- Hi, I’m Brian, and I’m a discaholic. (Hi, Brian!) It has been a week or so since I actually bought any vinyl. (Appreciative applause.) I’m also a pedant, so I find a redundancy like ’binge drinking’ quite annoying – the two words mean exactly the same – but I guess I’m guilty of what you might call binge buying, decent periods of sobriety followed by episodes where I’d sell my organs, those that still work, for a Harold McNair LP.
- I’d grown up with my father’s 78 collection, which were like heavy black dinner plates in grubby brown-paper sleeves. The first time I saw a modern LPs was on American movies. They seemed to be part of those rooms. Also I saw copies of Playboy – I grew up among Americans in Scotland and their dads took Hefner’s mag the way my father took the Radio Times and Gardener’s Weekly – and these girls all seemed to be flipping discs. I had a peek ahead and I know there’s a question coming about music and sex. There’s the start of it!
- No, not really. It’s always been a rather solitary vice for me. I’ve been to record fairs, but I don’t quite speak the lingo and there’s just too much stuff there. I either get a buying attack and find myself taking on things I don’t really want, or I blow a fuse and slink away with nothing. When Richard Cook was alive, I used to find odd things for him and he used to find odd things for me. So despite saying it’s a solitary avocation, I liked that comradely side to it as well..
- There is no such thing as black, just as white light is a whole spectrum, and just as the darkest African skin is closer to blue. There’s nothing more beautiful than looking down onto clean, freshly incised vinyl, especially somehow if there is a tiny planetary wobble. In 1981 I made a short film called ESP 1002 (if you know what this number is, you’re possibly a discaholic, too) – it may still be lying in the Audio-Visual Centre at the University of East Anglia – which was a continuous vertical shot of an LP side playing; no music audible and no effects except the change in light coming through the window on a stormy day. I thought it was incredibly beautiful. Its only audience thought it was incredibly dull, but they weren’t discaholics.
- Same with this, but I do think an occasional exposure to mono is good for the listening soul. My ears were trained monophonically and in surround at the same time. I’ve always been interested in natural sound (birds, water) as well as music, and I quite like the artificiality and tight focus of a mono recording coming out of a tiny speaker on an old Dansette. I remember the first time I read a line of poetry (I forget if it comes from the Chinese or Japanese, but Archibald MacLeish refers to it in Poetry and Experience) which refers to ’a torrent from the inch-space of the heart’. The first time I heard ’Bailero’ by Canteloube coming out of my father’s little machine, it sounded exactly like that.
- I don’t really have a favourite, but I do have a special affection for 10” discs. I sometimes wish that format had won the day.
- This is a hard one, not because it’s complex, but because I don’t really think of myself as a collector. It has a faintly pathological connotation for me, like the John Fowles novel about the creepy guy who ’collects’ young women. I deny any urge towards completism, and yet I do get the sweats when I see any gap in a run and I would exchange my grandmother for certain sought-after items. But I swear that the urge is to hear the music, or at least give myself the illusion of possessing that music, rather than completing a ’collection’. It’s certainly not a passive archive, but something I dip into constantly. If it were otherwise, I guess some of them might be in better condition? A few show signs of too much, rather than too little love.
- It started in quite a random way in the small town where I grew up. It’s about thirty miles from the city (Glasgow) but separated by a stretch of water and in effect an island. The American navy (and Polaris missiles) were based there for 30 years, so there were lots of Americans around when I was growing up. I learned to play saxophone and to understand jazz in the (quite inappropriate) company of sailors, though I have to say they were a very strait-laced and conservative bunch of men, who were happy to teach me jazz but horrified by any suggestion I might drink coffee, let alone beer. We found ourselves united and divided by common language and culture.
The town had one small electric shop, a strange Aladdin’s cave of wires, plugs, bulbs, the machines of the time. He had, almost as an afterthought, a small rack of LPs. These were obviously either ordered at random or else they were sent as ’bin ends’ because the music was wildly eclectic. Avant-garde composition (Stockhausen! Vinko Globokar! Mauricio Kagel!) sat alongside bagpipe music and albums of country dance themes. The very first vinyl record I bought was Tony Oxley’s The Baptised Traveller. I sometimes wonder if Stevie Gibson, who ran the shop, thought it was ’traveller’ music, as in gypsy or tinker music. The title appealed to me in a literary way. I remember being delightedly baffled by the music, and I remember my father putting his head round the door, saying nothing, but asking ’What the . . . ?’ with his eyes.
- Just as I can’t (quite) imagine my own death, I can’t quite imagine ever stopping, or losing an interest in new or rare music. But I sense that it’s fading to a degree, not because my energy and appetite is fading but because the internet has taken a lot of the thrill out of searching. This maybe applies more to rare books than to records, but it does sort of kill the element of pursuit and chase that you can now put a title into a search engine and find out in 1.34 seconds that there are actually 11 copies available at prices ranging from $23 to €220. I sort of regret that. It’s a bit like watching wildlife on television, rather than in the field. So maybe, yes, it might stop. I have pretty much stopped buying antiques (the longer I talk about these things, the more ’collections’ I’m forced to admit to) because nowadays you don’t ever find a rare tool or bit of obscure rural craft lying in the bottom of a box and buy it with spare change. Everyone knows the value of everything, or as Oscar Wilde might say, the price of everything, and that diminishes the passion a bit.
Is it possible to find vinyls as well in remote places like Tromsö and Kintyre? Do vinyls ever float up in those surroundings?
- Having found Tony Oxley in Cowal when I was a teenager, I look forward to turning up a rarity in a charity shop here in Kintyre, but it hasn’t happened so far. I did find some good things when I was teaching in Tromsø years ago, but that was mostly site-specific stuff, obscure Scandinavian electronic music, Sami joiks (this before Garbarek made them popular) and some wonderful spoken word stuff. I do obsessively collect spoken word.
Years ago, when I met the artists Gilbert and George, they showed me a cabinet full of amazing gay porn that they had bought for a song from an old farmer in the West Country of England. This man, who had lived an outwardly respectable life, had spent years collecting all this weird underground stuff. George does a wonderful impression of the moment when they opened the cabinet to see what was there. I think they bought the cabinet as well. G&G are a good example of passionate, loving collectors. They have some wonderful Christopher Dresser stuff, beautifully laid out in that dark, East End house.
- I’d be buying Christopher Dresser, too, if I could afford it! I used to buy a lot of ’antiques’ or what are disgustingly now called ’collectables’, mostly quite obscure things. I love wood, or ’treen’ as it’s sometimes called in the trade, and have a lot of old tools and wooden items, boxes with no obvious function, snuff horns, toddy ladels and lifters, quite a bit of glass, though none of it desperately rare. I have a bit of blue-john, a kind of feldspar from Derbyshire, mined and cut by French Napoleonic prisoners. But again, you don’t pick up these things for buttons any more. Everyone knows what they’re ’worth’. Pictures were my downfall, but just as wood is not of much interest to burglars, so woodcuts and drawings (the REAL test of artistic skill) aren’t as likely to be taken off your walls as oils or watercolours.
I prefer to think that what I collect is experience and sensation. I’ve had a memory palace for thirty years, modelled on the building where I sat my exams at the University of Edinburgh. Everything is filed away in there. It’s not something I admit to in public and it has a certain slightly dubious reputation (more Hannibal Lecter and Stephen King than Matteo Ricci and ) but it’s an intriguing mental discipline and it really does work. My only other ’kink’ is an ability to do without sleep, but no sooner do you say that than someone says ’Ah, just like Margaret Thatcher’. Which is VERY double-edged, given that she’s bonkers now.
- I already owe Mr Gustafsson a bottle of fine malt for a fine spoken word LP. I live a few miles from one of the biggest whisky producing centres in Scotland, a small town that is a complete ’region’ in itself. My firewood is old whisky barrel staves (the most fragrant fuel known to man) which have done their time holding bourbon or madeira, then Springbank malt, then after two refills a genteel retirement. I use half-barrels for growing vegatables and fruit. The busted staves go up the chimney.
My ancestral Ireland is just over the water. St Columba made the journey and helped establish a nation. I have never properly explored Irish whiskey, but did once swap an LP (I genuinely forget what it was) for a bottle of Irish. I found it curiously light and hypersubtle, and it sat awkwardly with the big island malts and Campbeltowns, like a virgin at a barn dance.
We live a ’barter’ lifestyle. I produce food and exchange it for what I can’t grow. Guys locally will do jobs for a bag of potatoes. So trading – and non-cash trading – has a certain cultural value round here that it doesn’t have in other places. At our old house I asked one tradesman what he’d take for a small job. ’Cash’ was the tight-lipped reply. It isn’t like that here.
b/ when did you get interested in single malts and related liquids? Or were u born with the interest?
- My father was interested in poetry and fiction. He wrote some published stories in the 50s, which started me off on that, though mercifully my fiction was published under a pseudonym. It isn’t very hard to work out, but no one ever has. I always wrote, as soon as I was able to, and I published my first short story when I was 16, in an Irish newspaper, and got £3 18/- for it. I also saw a woman apparently reading it on a Dublin bus. Her expression never changed.
I’m probably most comfortable writing. It’s the most absorbing thing I do, but I don’t fetishize it. I regard it as a job, but I am equally happy working with my hands. I enjoyed teaching and broadcasting, but I sense my forte probably lies with solitary and family things. I’m not a natural performer and obsessive reading is the mark of the loner.
I’ve tried plenty of other stuff, sometimes to my detriment, but booze is definitely my ’proper poison’. Advocaat to Zoca. to Zinfandel. If it has a specific gravity, I’ll take it. I greatly admirer abstainers, whether they started out like that (Han Bennink) or ended up like that (Peter Brötzmann) and I’ve sworn off the sauce for relatively long periods. But something is missing. I need a drink. Dutch courage. Warmth. An expanded sense of self. Whatever.
I can tell you exactly when I fell in love with whisky. My mother and father were at a concert at the Edinburgh Festival, 1960. I was staying at my grandfather’s big old house in Glasgow. I was feeling sick, or pretending to, because I didn’t like being alone in the dark. I went down and he gave me a HUGE spoonful of whisky to ’settle’ my stomach. I went to bed and fell asleep and dreamed the most intense dream of my life, of being in an orchard with fruit dropping off the trees around me, and these huge soft wasps brushing my face. It was very gentle but very intense. I used to think if I could just get the dosage right I’d have that dream again. I keep trying.
Perhaps this is the perfect balance, when it comes to collecting something that can develop you and also your surroundings? The things that can give you new perspectives and open new doors? Music, poetry and fine alcohol?
- Definitely. It all adds up. No one likes to be subdivided or pigeonholed. I hated academic life because I was immediately niched. ’Morton’s our American literature man’, ’You really stop around 1947, don’t you?’ I’ve always been quite obsessive about having at least one other job apart from the official one. Sometimes it was playing, sometimes it was working nights in a hospital, mostly it was growing stuff. Nothing like leaving a seminar on Robert Penn Warren and the Southern Agrarians and coming home to dig potatoes in the rain. The problem with most of the people who wrote about the Agrarians was they didn’t even know potatoes grew under the ground!
I regard food as culture and as a great gift. I don’t regard books and music as entertainment but as sustenance. Booze is the plasma that holds it all together, I guess.
Art definitely. I admire those people – and they range from Brotz to Siggi Loch – who make art an integral part of the listening experience. I don’t do anything much else when listening to music, but I do stare at pictures. I’ve had to sell some of the better stuff, just to keep going, but we’ve a few things left, and my wife’s photographs keep me going . . .
- It has the same relationship to mere possession and accumulation as travel does to tourism. I LOVE the things I collect. I buy them because I love them. I have very poor sense of cash value, but I have a good ’eye’ for interesting things and almost always manage to turn up something in an antique store, often to find that it costs more than my house. I used to worry that collecting was a kind of self-defence. In my very early teens I knew a boy – I guess you would say now that he was autistic – who surrounded himself with ’stuff’, layers of clothes, wires, lengths of paper, odd little ’dens’ in his room, anything that attached him to but also separated him from a world he found dangerous. I used to read to him and found that he didn’t seem to identify the voice he was hearing as coming from me at all. This hardly answers your question, but I think it’s connected. And I think collecting is also a kind of pledge. These are all the things that I would do if there were time to do them. It’s vicarious, but shouldn’t be condemned for that. If I had another life, I’d love to give a shot to dance or pottery or orchids or glassblowing. But since I don’t and won’t, I collect. So the collections are either experience and sensation of the promise of them, symbols and receptacles.
Did I say this already? It bears repeating, if not. I think there’s an illusion associated with collecting, buying books, whatever, and that is the tendency to confuse ownership with possession of the contents. I bought books obsessively when I was younger, and when time was tight I’d just clutch them, as if mere proximity was enough to get the content into my bloodstream. It’s the same with an instrument. Just owning it doesn’t make you a player. You have to work. Or vitamins. No point buying them and keeping them in the jar.
- Um. Some parts are artist led, everything irrespective of label. Some are labels. Some are generic, but that one always breaks down on me, so I resist it. At one time, the vinyl was precisely in the order I acquired it. If you have an eidetic memory, or what some people mistakenly call a photographic memory, you can always find anything. I change it all the time, certainly every time I have call to clear the room or get through it to somewhere else. There’s no ideal arrangement, no card index, no particular sense . . .
Smell, feel, visual, music, rarity, obscurity, weight, text/ liner notes, weirdness, ideological / political idea/content ?
- I sometimes feel faintly disappointed when something I believe was rare and obscure turns out to be quite well known, but I guess everyone has a measure of that snobbery and elitism. I had a friend at university who used to ’discover’ something every week: Herman Melville, Charlie Parker, Stravinsky, Mark Rothko – and she always spoke of it as if no one else had ever heard of these guys. Some of our friends mocked her naivety. I thought it was delightful. How great to come across John Coltrane and believe for a moment that no one else had ever really got this guy before. And how generous to want to share that feeling with someone else.
I think the music has to come first. The whole physical presentation of the album is important, though. I’ve things that still carry a whiff of places I’ve been, and the stuff from Tromsø has a marine oiliness inside the sleeve that I associate with the town in 1979: seal oil? something like that. Liner notes have become an issue lately. I never used to write any and always ducked out of requests to do so as inimical to my ’role’ as a reviewer/critic. But attitudes change and I now think a great deal about what liner notes are for, what makes an ideal one, how little or how much you say about the music. And I’m going back and reading liner notes on records I’ve had for years and treasured for years, but I’ve never read the notes till now!
What is your take on programmatic music? Is it ok to deliver a message of political or/ and ideological content straight up ( no ice…) – or do you prefer people to find out about ”contents” by themself?
- Call a piece ’Opus #2’ and you might get one set of reactions. Call it ’Canadian Sunset’ and you’ll get others. Call it ’Free the Guantanamo Prisoners’ and you get still more, pro and anti. What you do definitely get with the third, and to some degree with the second, is some nudge from the musician as to what this music is ’about’ and what the composer/performer wants you to feel and think. But these things never work in a literal way, or shouldn’t, and while I have an absolute conviction that music ’means’ something, and sometimes quite specific things, it’s harder to say what that meaning consists of. Not its content, but, if you don’t mind me citing a once-influential book, the ’meaning of meaning’?
- I take a pretty existential, but also almost quantitative view of good and evil, stupidity and intelligence. If as my old friend Norman Mailer professed to believe, God and the Devil are at war for the universe, then every act of brave, good, creative thinking contributes to the side of intelligence and every sloppy, cynical performance increases the Devil’s forces. I believe this in a fairly literal way, but I think I put the emphasis less on ’goodness’ versus ’badness’ and more on intelligence versus stupidity. So, yes, great music pushes back the salients of dumbed-up, fucked-over non-thought that assail us every day. And there is something about the duration above all about vinyl. It’s long enough to be substantial. It’s short enough to be bracing and energising. I more often want to get up and do something worthwhile when I’ve been listening to LPs than when I’ve slumped comatose through 79.50 of somebody’s padded-out ramblings on a CD.
- The one that’s on at the time? The literalist answer would be The Necks doing ’Sex’. The current ’improv is sexy’ debate in The Wire doesn’t quite pull me in, partly because it has always seemed to me a non-problem. I find a lot of jazz and improv very visceral and earthy and lot of ’raunchy’ pop very antiseptic. Same way as I like to think I detect beauty and veins of passion in relatively quiet and serious women. It doesn’t always need Zeppelin breasts and mile-long legs, though I wouldn’t want to go on record as objecting to either. I think there is a lot to be said for Eliot’s point about the dissociation of sensibility. The old Elizabethans, he thought, experienced a thought as a sensation, and thought very hard about what sensation was. The split between sex and mind hasn’t done us any favours.
But I haven’t really answered the question. Some things by Marion Brown (strangely, perhaps) but nothing at all by Stan Getz. Much by Marilyn Crispell, who has done more than anyone, I think, to restore the piano as an essentially female instrument, though not in a Jane Austenish way. (Marilyn may not thank me for this.) Miles Davis in certain modes: ’It Never Entered My Mind’, maybe. Tony Williams’ drumming.
- I’m tempted to say: anything with Brahms on it. I think the symphonies could have solved the over-population problem,or the question of contraception for the Catholic Church, a century ago. Anything by Stan Getz. Great player, but there’s something gratingly narcissistic, too, isn’t there?
- Chance and an inbuilt truffle hound. I used to think I could walk by shops and tell if there was anything interesting inside. In the sense of anything interesting to me. I sort of feel when there’s something out there and I’ll keep hunting till I find it. Doesn’t have any connection to how much money I have in my pocket.
- In all honesty, no. I don’t have so much money in my pocket, for a start. I’ve also found a lot of the things I wanted and I’m maybe losing a bit of my appetite for more. But as I say, it’s a binge thing. A month from now, I may hear a singer or trumpeter for the first time – it still happens, even with old music – and I’ll go out loaded for bear.
There are quite a few records that still only exists on vinyl in the jazzidiom, that was never re released on CD, unknown forgotten or misinterpretated.
- If that’s a commission, I’d happily take it on. I once said to Ricard C (and this again anticipates your next question) that it was easy to think that everything, absolutely everything we’d valued on vinyl would eventuall sneak out in CD form. But the CD era hasn’t really been long enough to do that. Our sense of elapsed musical history is always faulty. There are always cracks and interstices. The logic of the Penguin Guide was that it covered all that was at least notionally available. In a strange way, it would have been more interesting to cover what wasn’t . . .
In ”The Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings”, you worked closely to Richard Cook (1957 – 2007). Did you always agree on the quality and importance of the music? Or how did you work on this excellent door opener?
- I’ve always said that we neither agreed nor disagreed, nor agreed to disagree. We were very different guys, from very different backgrounds, but we did have certain experiences in common. A parent’s record collection, then a grounding in classic jazz on record at the same time as we began to dabble in live British ’experimental’ music, fusion, improv, etc, then a sense of filling in the ground in between. I’m always startled how long it took me to get to, say, Ben Webster. I knew more about Frankie Trumbauer and Evan Parker. There was a tacit understanding with Richard that if one of us admired an artist and the other was sceptical/hostile, we gave it to the enthusiast. Not a universal rule, but mostly so. I found some of his enthusiasms baffling, he found some of mine extraordinary. We sometimes didn’t agree on which records by a particular artist were recommendable. We did often, though, have moments of absolutely shared and common enthusiasm (or disgust) and those became benchmarks. It was inevitably difficult after Richard died (apart from the emotional fallout) to try to maintain his voice in the book, but I did try to review certain people from his perspective and I think in some cases the mere act of doing that, rather artificially, made me rethink. I can’t give a single obvious example . . .
- I don’t know. I guess ’rare’ sometimes just means ’something I don’t (yet) have’. I cherish LPs by the group Head, one called Red Dwarf which came out of music done for the BBC, I think, and one called Blackpool Cool. The group won the Dunkerque Jazz Festival competition around 1970/1971 and they were probably the most interesting band around at the time, except in those days ’around’ meant having to go to London to find work. The group’s saxophonist Gordon Cruickshank is no longer with us, sadly, but drummer Bill Kyle does a huge amount for jazz in Scotland. There’s some early Sandy Brown and Al Fairweather stuff, in a more traditional vein.
- I was looking through boxes of LPs in a second-hand shop in Cumbernauld (and if you aren’t Scottish, you can’t understand the shudder that comes with that name) and there were two older guys – hard eyes, razor scars, L O V E and H A T E on their knuckles – going through the box next to me, and I was kind of watching both sides. My heart nearly stopped when one of them pulled out a record and then a second. I was transfixed by the name on the cover. They seemed pleased. I felt flattened. Then one of them said ’Naw, this isnae Charlie McNair. It’s some other c***’ and put the records back. I swapped places with them, counted to ten and then eased out two rare records by Harold McNair, which I got for £1 each! Richard Cook (who had to have Cumbernauld explained to him, too) was incensed. He told me what they went for at record fairs.
The weird thing was that there was nothing else, nada, zip, in those boxes that anyone would have bought for any other purpose than place mats at a chimpanzees’ dinner party. It was all Scottish traditional stuff. So in that respect it was very like Stevie Gibson’s shop in Dunoon, mostly crap, but with random gems. I guess that’s how diamonds are found. I did also get a mint and sealed copy of the Deutsche Grammophon Free Jazz box for pennies at a jumble sale, and a copy of Mauricio Kagel’s Exotica for less than a quid. Bengt Frippe Nordstrom? Maybe not all that rare, but I’d never heard of him when I bought that.
I also got a batch of American poets reading on white label LPs, some of which had lost even the white labels. I had to do some work to find out who the poet was. I think these were probably made by some university (I was teaching for a time at UEA in Norwich, doing American literature and I know they didn’t come from there) which then either chucked them out or had them digitised.
I do also have some Charlie McNair, some early skiffle things on the Beltona label. ’Hiawatha Rag’ springs to mind. Someone told me it’s on You Tube now. I’ve had a certain passion – again, an enthusiasm shared with R D Cook – for obscure female singers and beat groups of the 60s and remember being quite excited to find a Candy Sparling single in virgin condition. There is a joke somewhere in there about Candy Sparling and virgin condition, but I can’t be bothered . . .
- I did once buy a very early FMP (I honestly forget which one) and bought it without checking the condition, something I’m guilty of doing because I know I’ll either be put right off or agonise about the tiniest blip or tick on the surface. When I got it home, I found there was a pop record by Mud inside. Either this was an honest mistake or else an elaborate joke. I wasn’t amused.
What records are you still looking for? Do you have a ”wantlist”, or is everything in your head and heart?
- The honest answer is that I’m now only really looking for records I haven’t heard about yet. I think most of the things I ever really wanted I’ve now found or else have consigned to some mythical realm where they both do and don’t exist.
- Absolutely not. I prefer to go vinyl-hunting nude and alone. This is risky in Scotland. One doesn’t have the ’Scandinavian defence’ of pretending you’ve just stepped out of a sauna, or that you’re a card-carrying naturist. Scotland is currently in a lather about a nude hitch-hiker, who patrols quiet roads in the Highlands, frightening Japanese tourists and parties of schoolgirls. We’re not a race that ’does’ nakedness with any confidence. I quite like the camaraderie of record fairs and conventions, but I can’t say I feel part of it. Possibly if I got dressed next time . . .
What is the first section you hit, while arriving to a vinyl shop, where you have never been before?
- I’m enough of an omnivore and certainly enough of a disorganised psychopath not to discriminate. I am intrigued, though, by how some guys arrange their stuff. There is a shop in Glasgow that goes to extraordinary lengths to subdivide genres in both LP and CD. I think he spends his days like a medieval scholastic reassessing obscure music and moving it from one place in the empyrean to another. He does, however, have one bin marked ’Wire music’, by which he means the magazine, rather than the band. I originally thought this must be music featured in The Wire, but it turns out simply to be music he can’t describe in any other way. Spoken word stuff probably gets my attention first, but that can be disappointing. When you’ve found one John Cooper Clarke record, you’ve found every John Cooper Clarke record. As the medieval scholastics used to say.
- It’s gone. It was about two hundred yards down Lauriston Place in Edinburgh from the Royal Infirmary and directly opposite a nurses’ home. Tiny, cramped, smelt of sweat, patchouli, the fried food the guy always seemed to be eating, cigarette smoke, occasional whiff of dope. I guess the nurses weren’t allowed to smoke in their place, so they came over the road. Nurses, LPs, smoke. What more could you want. He had good ears, the guy who ran it, and a line into someone who was getting review copies, lots of early white label things and run-off obscurities. The only obstacle was the usual hippy one – I should have guessed that a real ’head’ wouldn’t eat smoked sausage and chips with brown sauce on top (it’s vinegar in Glasgow, brown sauce in Edinburgh – remember that, and you’re never completely lost in the universe, even if struck blind) – of money. He wanted a lot of it, and it took time to get him to understand the principle of negotiation. I bet those guys in Cumbernauld could have got some discount of him. I won my spurs when I started reviewing music for the papers and got a head start on review copies.
- Not poetry and jazz, but documents of readings/interview by William Carlos Williams, George Oppen, Hugh MacDiarmid, Cecil Collins (painting and speaking, with music – me! – in the background), Kenneth Patchen, Derek Bailey did a couple of interesting things with poets as well.
- It’s a pretty mainstream choice. I loved Impulse! Sleeves but I tended to like very minimal, no picture covers with strong, functional typeface and minimal detail. I still have one record – trumpet, bass, drums, odd other sounds – from about 1975 (which is when I bought it, so it can’t be more recent) that has nothing whatever on the cover or the label. It’s just a greyish sleeve and 1 and 2 on the inside – no titles. It’s nice to play it now and again, with no knowledge of who it is. I’m guessing Polish or Czech, for musical reasons rather than because of where I found it, which was in Giessen, but it could be German guys.
- This is a glass house and I shouldn’t throw stones. I sometimes think liner notes are a waste of space, but I’m also committed to the notion that they’re also part of some improvisatory, rather than explicatory, process. As with ’programme’ music, it matters somewhat what label you put on things and what you say on the sleeve. To say it doesn’t change the music, only the way someone listens to it is, I think, missing the point by some distance. I remember reading Ralph J Gleason’s weird notes for Miles – ’Mahls . . . MILES!!!!! . . . My-uhls’ or whatever it was – and thinking ’what the fuck?’ but then I detest the kind of liner note that says ’listen to the way the bass comes back in at 3:18 on track 4’. I do like the kind of note you get with CIMP stuff that talks about the way the guys gathered, what they ate, how the bridge of the bass broke, how there was an argument about when to proceed. I think that kind of thing does sometimes illuminate. If nothing else, it gives a sense of real people, alive and at work doing something they love . . .
- My name is Brian and I’m a discaholic. (Hi, Brian!) Yeah, possibly. Not sure what the twelve steps ought to be. Maybe:
3. Turn yourself over to the Recording Angel, who’ll help put your records in sensible order and nice neat boxes.
5. Admitted to God, to ourselves, and to another human being the that you actually bought a Mud LP by ‘mistake’.
- Varies. I almost never do anything else while I’m listening to music. The only exception to that is cooking in the evening, when I spin whatever takes my fancy. But I’m either listening or I’m doing something else. Been like that since I was a student. I used to be amazed to see friends writing an essay with their heads in amongst the speakers, ’listening’ to Tubular Bells or Dark Side of the Moon. To be honest, I was just as astonished to find that they’d actually gone out and bought those records. I once walked round a student residence one evening and out of every second or third room you’d hear one of those things. Couldn’t decide if this was the ’Zeitgeist’ or a sign that youth was being led by the nose. My neighbour, a splendid man called Gerry Toshney, used to play Glenn Miller and went out in the evening to do proper dancing with a proper girl in proper 1940s clothes and make-up. I played Derek Bailey through the wall. We were a bit . . . different.
- I just moved house, having vowed I never would again, but our idiot landlord lost his last £12 million quid (which he could more usefully have spent on vinyl rather than yachts and divorces) and had to sell the land we were living on. (Note to non-Scots: this actually happens, even now. As John McLean said 7% of the population still own 84% of the wealth, and the proportion is probably even more out of whack when it comes to land.) So I’ve spent the last year sorting more than usual, and trying to work out how this house, which seemed plenty big enough when we bought it, now looks really cramped.
Where is your preferred listening experience, at home, in the car, at a live concert, in the bathroom?
- Definitely at home or in a club. I’m a bit bored with music in strange places: pumping stations, mortuaries, water tanks. I quite like a chair, red and white tablecloth and a drink, or a decent seat that tilts back a bit for listening to classical stuff.
- That’s like saying ’Is Live In Seattle too long? Of course it is! But we wouldn’t have it any other way. And I think it’s me that’s making it too long.
Will we ever find out who the trumpet player is with Lester Young on that recording I sent you ? What is your best guess ? we have a fellow discaholic in Stockholm, Harald Hult, that is going crazy about this…
- I seem to remember the quiddity is ’Jesse Drakes or Fats Navarro?’ I’d have said I’d recognise Fats from a couple of measures, but I’m not sure about this one. It’s definitely not the same guy as the rest of the session. My honest preference is that it’s some local kid who got up that night and put down his thing and was pretty much forgotten about except by the people who loved him. Which is ok. I quite like the possibility of anonymity, as should be obvious by now.
Did Ken Burns capture the history of jazz well, in his serie? Or should he have focused more on making films about boxers, such as that excellent Jack Johnson film? Or Architects, like Frank Lloyd Wright?
- I’ve argued the toss about this one over the years. I don’t belong to the ’Lynch Ken Burns’ gang at all. He gave jazz a prominence it doesn’t often get in the mainstream media and if it was the wrong prominence, that’s a pity. My instinct is that he isn’t really a jazz guy at bottom, that it comes to him through other cultural filters. There’s a lot wrong with that series, but there are some things that are right about it, and I think his heart was in the right place.
- I have a lasting affection for Sven Klangs Kvintett and I love the way Cassavetes’ movies used jazz as a reflection of their own improvisatory structure. I’ve never seen a completely satisfactory biopic of a jazz musician. The old Hollywood swing ones were always too sanitised to be really useful. I never got on with Tavernier’s Round Midnight, even though Dexter was magnificent in his slow-lidded way. There are some great docs out there, of course, and I have high hopes for a new one by Antoine Prun on British improv, which I think is due in the new year.
- It’s a very unlikely choice, but I loved J. P. Smith’s Body and Soul. He handed me a copy at a gig in London. It was either Cecil Taylor or Alice Coltrane with Ravi and Omar (or was that the same night?) and I never got a chance to thank him properly. I like Leopold Tyrmand’s novel as well, though it isn’t strictly ’about’ jazz. It does catch something of the spirit of the music at a specific time. And Michael Ondaatje’s Coming Through Slaughter has a blower’s instincts running through it.
Why is the vinyl, as phenomena, returning now? What is it in vinyl pleasure that attracts people so much?
- It’s beautiful, where CD is merely functional. The sound has a demonstrable depth and warmth. I obsess about duration and LP durations represent a ’natural’ attention span. I know music nowadays is supposed to be interrogatory, immersive, transgressive, counter-chronological, and assaultive, but there is something about the 17 to 25 minute span that just feels right. I know the advantages of having whole symphonies on a single disc or Ascension without a split in the middle, but those of us who grew up with it sort of need that break. Also, I think there was an art to programming an LP. It isn’t just an accumulation of tracks. The balance of material over two sides was critical and part of the aesthetics lost when labels started to add bonuses and ’alts’, or doubled up discs on one CD. And the covers are cherishable. And the LP is a perfect size to carry and announce your allegiances.
What unreleased session of music ( known or unknown) would you most of all like to see released on vinyl?
- My doctor talks to me a lot about my ’intake’, and the number of ’units’ I can safely have per day. I’m told the current recommendation in Scotland is that we should all have one or two ’vinyl-free’ days per week. What?
How many times have you watched or thought about the sunrise – that break of day where everything is good, peaceful and filled with the feelings of hope and enlightenment that the next few hours to come will be absolutely perfect? How many movies or television shows has the cameraman allowed you to witness that awesome spectacle as it breaks the horizon line and lights the way? How many books have you read where the characters are either beginning or ending in front of that sunset, as they embark on a path that either leads to love, wealth, happiness, or wisdom?
Well… this writer just sat down and listened to a tremendous CD that actually brought me back to the days that showed me a sunrise. No, I’ve not lost it. Yes, every day has a sunrise – after all, that’s how we all begin. But if you sit and think about it, we have missed so many sunrises in our lives it’s almost impossible to count them all. In youth, it was simply because you slept late. But as we’ve aged, we are usually sitting in traffic while the sun rises. We’re either on our cell phones yelling, or receiving the yell from an angry boss. Or, we are complaining that the sun is in our eyes, or that the drivers are too slow and that we’re caught in traffic far too many hours of our lives, etcetera. Being positive about a sunrise sounds almost like a Disney fairytale, but then, Robert Wilson comes along with this talents and skills and things change.
Robert Wilson, with his amazing company Cowboy Wisdom NLP Coaching, is the subject that we have been speaking about for a while now, and all you readers are listening. You are all excited about someone who has the ability to offer up a new look at life and get us back on track to bringing ourselves wealth and prosperity. Wisdom did NOT go out with the disappearance of the ancient oracles, by the way. Wisdom still very much exists in the world – it has simply been buried under that ultimate “bottom line” and other worries and issues that are driving people crazy. But over the past few months, I have met up with Robert Wilson and discovered certain ‘techniques’ that one can use to increase their wisdom and open up their minds in order to let their creative genius flow.
Hypnotherapy, professional coaching, life coaching, regression specialist, neuro-linguistic life coach, NLP Practitioner, Clinical Therapist – even Reiki master – are titles that Robert Wilson owns. He is a man who, at one point in his life, got down. He was brought down by his inner self and could not seem to find a way out. The worry, drama, heartache – everything that comes with the negative aspects of life and the worry of money, fell around him as he worked in his day-to-day job and was kept in a sort of ‘box’ that he could not break free from. When Robert Wilson stepped away from that and began to learn some truly outstanding methods and skill sets in this world, he became a true motivator for others.
You know how it is. You will take no advice from someone who does not know what you’ve been through, or are going through. Well, with Robert Wilson, his hypnotherapy, books, CD’s, programs – all of these work – for the simple fact that they DO come from someone who has lived on the other end of the spectrum and found a way to change; to alter his life so that his mind could be opened and success could be achieved.
As the sun rises in this particular CD, the horizon is literally lit up with promise – the promise of a new day to come that could very well bring some monumental changes to our lives. Robert Wilson brings us into a harmonic state of mind that lets us expand our creativity, and put in motion the ideas that we have kept hidden for a lifetime. With Robert Wilson’s words and techniques, it IS possible to allow a cascading cash flow to enter into your life. You CAN expand your affluence, and end up achieving all that you never ALLOWED yourself to achieve.
“I am floating on a big, white, puffy cloud in total bliss after listening to your Sunrise Meditation CD as the new day dawns! Your voice is so soothing and with such warmth and caring that listening to you melts away any day to day concerns, and paints the brand new day ahead filled with hope, joy and loving kindness. Thank you, Rob, for this gift and promise of a bright new day!” ~ Mary Burgess
Robert Wilson and Cowboy Wisdom NLP Coaching offer these incredible downloadable audio recordings that use professional hypnosis techniques to literally change lives. Robert Wilson finds a way to allow us all to make fundamental changes in our everyday world and to do everything from learn time management to increase our cash flow to gaining the ability to quit living from paycheck to paycheck. And he has the amazing ability – which everyone on the internet is finding out – of being able to help us all stop condemning, complaining, and criticizing ourselves and others.
From these CDs to his amazing books, as well as Rob Wilson’s show on Be Wisdom radio, people are actually finally listening and realizing that they can experience their desired life and not just feel stuck in the one they have at this moment in time. And for companies and businesses, Rob Wilson’s coaching and motivational expertise certainly comes in handy, let me tell you. The man offers speaking engagements that touch on all sorts of subjects from money to goals to leadership to the very real and true ability to achieve success. He offers a wide array of subjects from which to choose from that will not only aid you in your work life, but in your personal life as well.
In my own articles I usually touch on books, seeing as that my desired life evolves around writing. And with the plethora of negative books that seem to be coming out in droves, it is no wonder that one of our all time favorite things to do in order to relax – read – has become something of another chore that we have in our lives. Books were originally created to teach, offer enjoyment, and be life-affirming works of art that made us feel better. Now, concentrating on war, death, and the economic crisis has turned the written word into something else. Robert Wilson is among the very few people who still understand and want to instruct others by utilizing life-affirming techniques – that actually work!
People, we need to see that sunrise again. And to do this, Robert Wilson and Cowboy Wisdom NLP Coaching is the place to begin!
Rhymes energize new internal inspirations with vibrant vim and vigor.Rhymes relax the gatekeeper between your conscious levels and rhyme sooth your inner landscape. Books: http://www.amazon.com/author/robertawilson
I now realize it is the image of my dreams. My emotions are the electricity powering my dreams. My actions are the elevator to the pentacle. Wisdom is the key start now. Robert@mycowboywisdom.com
Turkish decor is one of the finely crafted and artistically designed decor items. The unique design language in Turkish interiors sets a royal Arabic ambience. There is detailed texture in every element of decor. From the royal furniture sets like sofa, chairs, tables to wardrobes. The fabric and detailed Turkish rugs and area carpets designs […]
The superior brilliance and workmanship of the Hearts and Arrows diamonds are becoming a fast growing demand among worldwide, especially the Asian community. Its popularity sees the emergence of many perfect creation of diamonds, the nature’s love and adornment of many.
Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ is developed to satisfy the growing market demand of hearts and arrows by an established major diamond supplier.
Hearts and Arrows is the term used for perfectly cut diamonds which display a pattern of Eight Hearts and Eight Arrows within the diamond. Diamonds quality and value are judged by the well known factors - 4 Cs – clarity, color, carat and cut.
Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ are characterized by perfect cut in correct proportions, precise symmetry and fine polish that are combined to produce an optimum display of brilliance and dispersion, allowing the light to gain strength and energy to reflect Eight Hearts and Eight Arrows images.
Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ described as the diamonds of lights, emphasizes three conceptual ideas—the “Importance of Light”, “Diamonds Are Like People” and “Perfection”. The quality and uniqueness of its cut has created a new way of viewing diamonds and is having a positive effect on diamond purchasing behavior.
Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ comes in sizes of 0.10 pts to 5 carat, for choice and demand. Its beautiful cut can be owned as a genuine collection or as beautiful creation of jewellery best known to your heart. Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ diamonds are quality assured, each diamond is authenticated by laser inscription on its girdle. Both GIA Dossier Certificates and the gemological certificate issued by Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ also accompany the sophisticated packing of Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ diamond.
A new creation : was recently introduced by Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™. Its worldwide patented “Hearts and Arrows Diamond Pen” - the most precious and sophisticated writing instrument FOR HIM , that combines the unique beauty of diamond with functionality.
Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ has brought life to the stunning new design of a writing instrument as part of its Hearts and Arrows Diamond collection. The worldwide patented “Hearts and Arrows” Diamond Pen is the first of its kind in the world with built-in diamond viewer, featuring a 0.10 carat to 1.0 carat perfectly cut “Hearts and Arrows Diamond” mounted at 18K white gold crown of the upper barrel. This revolutionary design is already patented in 170 countries around the world. By using the built-in-diamond viewer incorporated in the barrel, one can marvel at the perfect beauty of the “Hearts and Arrows Diamond”. Each Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ Hearts and Arrows Diamond Pen comes with Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ Certificate.
It comes with glimmering black lacquer finishing and an inscription of Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ on the pen clip , making writing a pleasure enjoyment. Apart from this Main Design, it is also available in 3 other designs and body color. The splendid diamond pen is surely a perfect gift for those who pursues for perfect beauty.
Every “Heart and Arrows Diamond Pen” is the masterpiece of unparalleled craftsmanship. The quality is certainly not a doubt as every pen comes with Le Lumiere - Diamonds Of Light™ Certificate along with an elegant gift box.
Le Lumiere - Diamond of Light's Diamond Time is a linkage between the diamond and fashion worlds through a stylish, colourful leather wristband that is crating a new trend to wearing diamonds. Diamonds of Light ™ - perfectly cut Hearts and Arrows diamonds, is essential to the product's originality. It creates a new way to wear diamonds, to treat oneself to their magnificent reflection, every day.
Both collections are available in 6 leather types, in total of 12 colours. Male version has 3 colours, Female version has 9 colours.
Diamond Time (16mm Female size) - The collection comes with 16mm premium quality leather band with perfectly cut Hearts & Arrows Diamond (diamond size of 0.10ct) in rhodium plated mounting. The elegant package includes 9 premium quality leather straps, a buckle, a small stainless steel screw driver, a Hearts & Arrows viewer and in house diamond certificate.
Diamond Time (22mm Male size) - The collection comes with 22mm premium quality leather band with perfectly cut Hearts & Arrows Diamond (diamond size of 0.10ct) in rhodium plated mounting. The elegant package includes 3 premium quality leather straps, a buckle, a small stainless steel screw driver, a Hearts & Arrows viewer and in house diamond certificate.
I can never get sick of miso soup. It’s one of my favorites. For this recipe, you can save a lot of time by using instant Dashi. It’s like the Japanese version of chicken bouillon except it isn’t chicken. Traditional Dashi is actually made with kombu and bonito flakes. If you’re not sure what kombu is, it’s an edible kelp aka seaweed. Bonito flakes are dried, fermented, and smoked young bonito (type of tuna fish – similar to skipjack tuna). Using instant Dashi will save you time and I do also go for Shiro Miso because it’s lighter and less salty.
Anyway, here’s a picture of the ingredients I used to make this soup. I’m sure some of you guys will appreciate a photo reference since some of these products are found in Asian food stores. I bought these ingredients from an amazing Japanese supermarket called Mitsuwa and it’s in Edgewater, NJ! Make sure you go visit if you’ve never been there before. It’s AMAZING.
Turn the heat off. Put miso paste in a small bowl and pour 1/2 cup of soup broth from the pot into the bowl. Whisk the miso paste/soup mixture until it’s smooth.
Pour this miso paste mixture back into the pot. Stir well. Taste the soup and see if it tastes fine to your liking. You can add 1 or 2 tablespoons of miso paste if you feel like the soup needs more.
This soup is simple and yet satisfying. We make this often in our home and I hope you’ll be willing to give this one a try!
Pour 15 cups of water in a large soup pot. Add 1 tablespoon of salt and the chopped potatoes. Bring to boil and let it cook for 10 minutes.
Now mix all the meatballs ingredients together. I don’t use an egg and use 1 tablespoon of water in it. But you can skip the water and add an egg instead if desired.
Heat a pan on medium-high heat. Add oil, onions and celery. Sauté until soft and golden. Add this mixture to the soup pot.
Add 2 tablespoons of dill and 1/2 teaspoon of Vegeta (or Mrs. Dash) and 1/4 teaspoon of ground black pepper.
Note: Vegeta is often found in Eastern European food stores or Russian stores. It looks like this. If you cannot find it, you can use Mrs. Dash or your favorite all-purpose seasoning mix.
March 19, 2017 · Filed under italian, sausage, soups and stews	· Tagged copycat recipe, olive garden, tuscany soup, zuppa toscana
I’m sure most of you have been to Olive Garden or have at least heard of it. One of the most popular items on their menu is their soup called Zuppa Toscana (roughly translated to Tuscany Soup). Here’s the near-perfect copycat recipe for this wonderful soup!
I love having a bowl of this simple creamy potato leek soup especially during the cold winter months. It’s very easy to make!
Put everything except the heavy cream in a large pot. Bring it to boil and keep cooking for approximately 15 to 20 minutes until the potatoes are soft.
Borscht soup is a staple in my home. What’s a borscht? It’s a Russian beet soup! I’ll have to warn you, it’s really yummy and healthy. You’ll need an extra large soup pot since this recipe can easily serve 10-12 people. I usually make a very large batch of this soup because my family loves it that much!
2 Tbsp Vegeta All Purpose Seasoning (you can use your favorite kind of all purpose seasoning instead)
Wash meat in cold water, cut into small 1″ pieces and and place in a large soup pot with 14 cups cold water and 1 Tbsp salt. Bring it to a boil and remove the foam crud as soon as it boils (if you wait, it will be hard to get rid of the crud). Reduce heat, partially cover and simmer 45 minutes – 1 hour.
Place grated beets in a large skillet with 4 Tbsp olive oil and 1 Tbsp vinegar. Salute for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and add 1 Tbsp sugar and 2 Tbsp tomato paste. Mix well. Sauté until beets soften (approx 10 mins). Remove beets from pan.
Once meat has cooked for 45 minutes to 1 hour, you can add diced potatoes. Let it cook for ten minutes. Then add cabbage, diced tomatoes, beets, carrots and onions to the pot. Let it cook for 15 minutes.
December 8, 2014 · Filed under beef, chicken, main course, mexican, soups and stews	· Tagged santa fe soup
Here’s one of my family’s favorites to make in the wintertime. It’s hearty and healthy! The best part? It’s easy to make too! I got this recipe from a friend and adapted it to my liking.
Fast and easy and yet so delicious! You can grab a rotisserie chicken from the supermarket to get your soup on in a flash! Read the rest of this entry »
Thank you for your continued support and exploration of our new pages. We are about to reach more than 31,000 followers and subscribers on our social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Sound cloud, Youtube, Instagram, about.me, WordPress, and Youtube. Currently, we are initiating RedDeer International’s Youtube channel; so far we published more than 20 videos which cover a variety of topics from aliens to relationships. However, we are still seeking to generate more subscribers on our Youtube platform. If you don’t mind, please subscribe to us and share our channel with your friends. We would much appreciate it.
One of our recent accomplishments is generating enough hits that our site shows up at the top of Google search results. Without your support as well as our team’s effort, we could not accomplish this. Thank you again.
Another request we would like to make is that we would love the followers of this website to follow our other webpages as well. I know this is a lot to ask; however, we publish more articles on other pages when you compare this page to other ones.
Thank you as always. We would like to follow your pages back as well!! Let’s make a change to the world by providing thought-provoking, interesting, and touching articles to the world!
Author RedDeer InternationalPosted on February 12, 2015 September 2, 2017 Categories Announcement, Thanks!Tags announcement, fumiyaakshika, RedDeer, RedDeer English, reddeerinetrnational, Tahnk youLeave a comment on 4th Announcement
Recording and collating your sightings from Kingsbury Water Park through to the ancient capital of Mercia, Tamworth, including RSPB Middleton. Picking up where other blogs stopped blogging.
14/09/18 - The RSPB Middleton total now stands at 165 although there is some debate around Siberian Chiffchaff being removed. Also beneath the list are the totals from the 19 reserves that took part in the 2018 West Midlands All-day Birdrace. A big thanks to Phil Andrews for organising and collating the scores and thanks to everyone who took part.
08/05/2018 - Thanks to everyone who took part in the West Midlands all day bird race both at RSPB Middleton and the other 15 reserves across the region. The final totals are as follows curtesy of Phil Andrews. Marsh Harrier was added to the Middleton list during the race and Marsh Tit the day after taking the yearly total to 151.
01/05/2018 - The end of April Middleton yearly total finished at 147. Lets hope we add a few more from this Saturday's bird race - Perhaps Whinchat, Sanderling or even Purple Sandpiper.
16/04/2018 - Middleton total rapidly moves onto 131 with the spring arrivals and Greenshank this morning. On the Warbler front we are now just waiting for Whitethroat and Garden Warbler unless something exotic drops in.
04/04/2018 - At the end of March the RSPB Middleton yearly total reached 115 and already Yellow Wagtail and Blackcap have been added this month. Willow will be next, possibly tomorrow, followed by the other 6 Warblers shortly after. Keep a look out for passage Osprey although the Black-Headed Gulls will alert you to their presence unless like today they are mobbing a fly by Bittern instead.
26/03/2018 - As the end of the month approaches the yearly total stands at 114 with Siberian Chiffchaff from yesterday. We've therefore only added 8 in March but still the possibility of Garganey, Swallow and Blackcap in the next 5 days.
04/03/2018 - The yearly total reached 106 by the end of Feb and already 2 more have been added - Green Sandpiper on the 1st and Dunlin yesterday. Next it will be Sand Martins which were already here this time last year. I expect we will get one by the end of the week.
03/02/2018 - Tawny Owl & Jack Snipe were both seen last week so monthly and yearly total is 102 and not 100 as I previously reported. Full list below.
26/01/2018 - The yearly total moves onto 99 with Ringed Plover. Will we hit 100 before the end of the month.
21/01/2018 - Competition Time. I’m trying to accelerate the onset of spring with this competition after that miserable weekend. Nothing difficult just predict the date of the first returning Avocet to RSPB Middleton. No prize just bragging rights and you can be Nostradamus for the day. In chronological order Avocets have turned up over the last 4 years on 30th March, 26th March, 6th March and again last Year on the 6th March. In contrast the Avocets at Upton Warren are now into their 15th breeding year and over this period have progressively arrived earlier. Back in 2003 it was the 17th March but last year it was the 18th of February with an earlier date of 10th recorded in 2016. Using the information above plus your skill and judgement please select your predicted date and I’ll put your name against it in the competition box under the year list below. I’m not sure how many people will enter, probably just me, but I’ve split each day up into am & pm so please state this with your selected date. First come first served and if your slot is taken I’ll move you into the nearest available. You can also have dates outside those already shown. Email or DM me at the links above.
A few familiar names in there including Claire (Dickens Heath), John (Upton Warren) and of course the current leader Katie Thorpe the RSPB Middleton Warden. I've been in and raided her list and added 6 to the Middleton year total below.
12/01/2018 – The Middleton year list below has been put on this blog as a bit of fun and to encourage more sightings, especially some of the commoner species that get overlooked. It is not the official RSPB list for the reserve, if one actually exists and nor is it used for any other recording or reporting purposes. As far as I’m aware the sightings on this blog are accurate but rely on people’s honesty and experience. Last night the “fun” stopped when it appears I was accused publically, via Twitter, of cheating with the list below but also the tweet referenced the biannual Bird Race. If I get any more grief about what to include on the year list then I’ll remove it. We are also now looking for an honest person to collate the Bird Race scores this spring if anyone is interested.
07/01/2018 - By popular demand (well 2 people) the Middleton year list below is now in alphabetical order. This should help identify some of the common species that are still missing. Of note is Linnet, Mistle Thrush and Cetti's Warbler. I've heard the latter all round the reserve but would prefer an actual sighting.
01/01/2018 - The RSPB Middleton 2017 year list finished at 163 (compiled by Geoff Williams). I've added a scrollable 2018 list underneath the Twitter feed below. Hopefully this will encourage more people to report their sightings. I appreciate that some of you don't submit due to fear of ridicule so if you wish to remain anonymous then let me know in the email or DM and your wishes will be respected. Thanks for everyone's input who's contributed over the last 3 months and here's to a Mega 2018 in the valley. I also must thank Tom Perrins for his excellent work over the last 9 years with TVB and his continued support. Happy New Year.
29/12/17 - With Starling numbers at Belvide now c.40,000 then I was hoping for some recent increase at Middleton but unfortunately it's been stagnant at around just 250 birds for several weeks now.
21/12/17 - If like me you've not yet connected with a Hawfinch from the recent influx, then Berkswell (CV7 7BJ) seems to be the best local place. 6 Birds present today.
17/11/17 - Still 9 Little Egret in the riverside roost tonight with 2 Great White Egrets. That makes approx 65 LE's on the reserve.
12/11/17 - Of the 18 Little Egret on the reserve tonight only 9 roosted riverside, the rest headed towards the Heronry. Not be long before they are all in the Heronry.
08/11/17 - On my last 2 visits to RSPB Middleton I've been returning to the Waterski centre car park and noticed someone illuminating Southern Meadow with a powerful torch/lamp from a position on the flood bank footpath. If this is you then please refrain from this activity. I assume you are looking for Owls and not something more dubious - all you will do is disrupt their hunting and drive them out the area.
07/11/17 - There does not appear to be a Little Egret roost on Hemlingford Water KWP so possibly just a pre/post roost gathering. The 20 or so birds there tonight left in small groups just before dusk heading North West in the general direction of the Heronry at Middleton. The KWP record stands at 43 on Otter Pool 20/10/15 so 5 more needed Tony H.
04/11/17 - Arrived in SKAN hide KWP late afternoon over looking a very busy Cliff Pool. Picked out Goldeneye and 2 Goosander and then started counting the numerous Little Egret. Got as far as 12 and for the second successive Saturday shooting started on the adjacent Tame Lagoon. This completely cleared Cliff & Otter Pool with not a single bird remaining. 2 GWE were also flushed from Otter Pool and headed North. I assume they are shooting ducks due to the sporadic firing. Pointless having a nature reserve here now as just providing cannon fodder for them. WCC have also just spent a lot of time, effort and money on Cliff Pool for little return if this is to continue. Final bit of moaning - the Otter Pool Cormorant roost is no more as a result with ZERO birds tonight.
31/10/17 - Great White Egret was reluctant to roost on Otter Pool tonight and waited on the "S" Cliff Pool until well after dark. Something has happened in the park as only 2 Cormorants roosted compared to the usual 60+. There was shooting on the adjacent Tame Lagoon at the weekend so could be a result of that.
23/10/17 - A few links have been added below, one being the Birdforum RSPB Middleton thread. If you've not used it before then the link will take you to page 1. Use the tab near the top of that page to take you to "Last>>" which are the most recent posts. If you run a local blog and would like a link adding then please let me know.
Starlings Murmurated for about 3/4 of an hour tonight and forced into contorted shapes by 2 Sparrowhawks.
22/10/17 - Little Egret roost number much lower than last week with some now heading to the Heronry instead. The Riverside roost is very exposed and last night's wind was probably too much for some of them. Starling numbers continue to increase but no real murmuration with birds gathering in trees to the West of the canal and then virtually going straight into the reeds in several groups. Will try for a proper count tomorrow.
15/10/17 - Starlings are again roosting on Fishers Mill. Numbers increasing rapidly from 200 on the 10th to 1034 tonight. Let's hope it doesn't fizzle out like last year.
14/10/17 - RSPB Middleton yearly total now stands at 159 with today's Hawfinch. Thanks to Geoff Williams for keeping count.
07/10/17 - Kingsbury Water Park Cliff Pool undergoing a bit of rejuvenation at the moment. One island and West side water edge has had vegetation removed and surface scraped. Plenty of mud - bring on the waders. Just single Common Sandpiper currently.
It was assigned to Terebratulida by Sepkoski (2002); and to Terebratulidina by Williams et al. (2007).
If no rank is listed, the taxon is considered an unranked clade in modern classifications. Ranks may be repeated or presented in the wrong order because authors working on different parts of the classification may disagree about how to rank taxa.
Source marriott new center http news 2017 12 in haiti digicel and break ground on more than just a hotel html marriott port au prince haiti hotel haiti tourism d 5 before the opening of marriott hotel.
Le pigalle restaurant interior design m 01 r 1 the lobby is an eclectic communal area people have meetings sit on their...
All photos 139 hotel lucerna tijuana courtyard gallery image of this property hotel lucerna tijuana building. Hotel Lucerna Tijuana 129 1 6...
Hallways at the encore hallways at the encore encore at wynn las vegas photo of encore las vegas nv united states. Resort...
Xe đẩy tay, xe đẩy mặt bàn, xe đẩy tay OPK, xe day tay, xe day mat ban , xe day tay OPK. Liên hệ Ms Thoa - 0915 830 488
In honor of the upcoming Veterans Day we have put together a list of job resources for Veterans looking for their next career. Veterans have a lot to offer, but sometimes have a difficult time of finding that next job. That’s where we and employers like us come in. Pan Asia Resources is proud to work with all Veterans!
Military.com offers the largest veteran job board in the world. The individual can search for jobs, post resumes and network with other veterans. There is also other resources that include, transition resources, education benefits, and personal stories of others who went through the same process.
USAJOBS.gov is a free web-based job board enabling federal job seekers to access job opportunities across different federal agencies.
VetJobs is sponsored by the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States and is one of the leading job boards for veterans. They list jobs, military career fairs and even a spouse portal.
America’s Veteran is an official website of the U.S. Government. Its function is to help veterans find jobs in the government. The individual can search jobs or even share their stories with a feature called, “Vet to Vet.”
G.I. Jobs offers career advice, job tips, military-to-civilian pay calculator, resume tips, and more. There is also a feature to search jobs by industry and direct links to recruitment companies.
MilitaryHire.com is a site that offers an expansive job database that allows veterans to search for jobs or post their resumes. They offer career resources about resume writing, transitioning, and even a special section for young veterans.
USTechVets.org is a career portal dedicated to the U.S. technology industry. Veterans can search for specific IT jobs for themselves or family members.
No matter when you served or how long, there is a career out there for you! Contact us today if you are a veteran looking for a job in IT, Utilities, Engineering, Administrative and more!
Pan Asia Resources is a woman-owned firm in Ashburn, VA. Our two core products – Workforce Solutions & Marketing Management, help our customers grow their employee strength & brand visibility.
Pan Asia Resources (PAR) is a women-owned consulting firm based in the DC Metro area. We offer both social media services and workforce solutions to our clients nationwide.
With the job market booming, it is definitely a good time to be armed with info on how your tax is impacted with re… https://t.co/J0jyOZfRN4 5 months ago
Accueil / BEAUTE & BIEN-ETRE / HYGIENE BUCCO-DENTAIRE / COLGATE / Colgate Dentifrice Total 12 Pro Gum Health 75ml
The Good News: I went back to the doctor Friday and things were much calmer in the contraction department. I only had a few in the time they monitored. Cervix was unchanged, although there is plenty of blood...but, ick - who wants to hear about that? I also got the second Betamethasone shot for the lung development, so that was a relief. Next appointment Monday afternoon - they plan to do a sonogram and another FFN test. What fun.
The Bad News: The Heartburn. My god the heartburn. Save me!!! It is absolutely killing me - and I am totally not joking. I was up last night until 1:30 with it, back up at 3:30 for the day. I can't eat or drink anything without feeling like I am going to die. Today has consisted of breakfast - 2 scrambled eggs and 2 pieces of toast, spread out over the WHOLE day, and now only half gone. That is it for food today. Poor babies. They are living on 1 egg and 1 piece of toast. Well that and all of the fat that is growing on my ass and legs. Even water makes my chest hurt. My husband assures me that it must be the drugs I am taking because water doesn't cause heartburn. Whatever...I feel horrible. And food is NOT my friend.
Other News: Not much in the Other News department. My girls are here this weekend, which is good - but difficult. I cannot do anything with them, so I am missing soccer games and movies and dining out, all the things we normally would do together. My husband is playing soccer dad, and we are skipping everything else. What a boring future I am facing for the next 9 weeks.
My brother told me once that in the Army they place the actives on Blue Bayonet if they are to stay confined to quarters and wait for further instructions on being deployed somewhere far away doing something dangerous - such as going to war, or other misc. stuff he would never talk much about. I believe this term fits.
Well, spent yesterday in the hospital after my latest FFN test (that tells if I will deliver in the next two weeks) came back positive. That sucked. Apparently if the test comes back negative they are very confident that I will make it two more weeks, however there is some question about the positive results…meaning they are not sure that it will happen – they use the test to get a negative and rely on those results, but positive results are not always reliable. Go figure.
I started out the day with contractions 2-3 minutes apart – most of which I was not really feeling. After three shots of some evil drug that made me shaky, they were down to about 10 minutes, which the Dr. felt was acceptable, and I was able to go home in the evening. They also gave me one shot of something to help the boys’ lungs develop if they are born in the next week or two. I get another one of those shots today when I go in to see the Dr.
The not so good news is that I am now on VERY restricted activity – bathroom, shower and eating are all permitted…and that is about it. This could make for some long days.
The great news is that the boys are fine, very active and normal heartbeats. They are just apparently anxious to make an entrance.
25 weeks. That is how pregnant I am. It is hard to believe that I am making it this far without problems. I was already in the hospital for the duration at this point with my last child. Nice to make progress.
I was placed on more restrictions today. No vacuuming, no housework requiring moving furniture, standing up, pushing or pulling or reaching. I can sit on a stool and dust and clean baseboards. Funny – like I want to do those things anyway. It does kinda put a kink in my “clean a room a day” idea. I have even been sticking to it so far.
So now I am restricted to reading, going out to dinner or a movie (if dropped off at the door and picked up at the door) and sitting on my ever-expanding ass. No mall walking. No walking more than 10 minutes at a time. No exercise. But – when the Dr. put it in perspective, it was no big deal. He asked me if I wanted to take home babies. Well, DUH – yes! If I want healthy, alive babies, I am to follow directions. Simple enough. Done.
My husband is out of town next week. I am home alone. Doing nothing, with nobody here. What am I going to do? I will certainly read a lot. I will watch useless television. I will read blogs. I will wish I were working out, and the time will pass VERY slowly.
This past weekend I went to Austin with my husband who had to be in some meetings on Friday. I stayed at the hotel and read by the pool. I have never felt so useless in my life. It is becoming hard, after only one week to stay home and do nothing much. I find that I have little to talk about or contribute. It is an odd feeling, and one I remember from when I stayed with each of my girls after they were born. It is not that I don’t have anything to contribute at all, it is simply that my job has always defined much of who I am (at least to me). I take great pride in how successful I have become at work, and although I hate my job most of the time, now that I am home, I miss being important. Sick.
Over the weekend we looked at a few areas and homes to get an idea of where we would look when we were closer to moving. We spent some time Friday late afternoon and all day Saturday driving around. I think we have decided on Leander / Crystal Falls / Wimberly as the most likely areas to live. We are pretty set on acreage and it is hard to find much land in Austin itself or many of the nearby areas. We also want a view of something other than the neighbors or concrete or businesses. That is a bit limiting in itself. Then there is what we titled the “snob factor”. We don’t want neighbors that have 16 non-functioning cars in their front lawn, or a tractor as a lawn ornament. We don’t want hippie neighbors that sleep on a “sleeping porch” (yes, we actually ran into people like this). We also don’t want something plain, ordinary, Plano-tized as our oldest calls it – housing developments where everything is the same, house after boring house. We are picky.
Ø Vacuumed the living room AGAIN – to get up all the hair that the shampooer pulled to the surface, but wouldn’t pick up
I didn’t get the mirror cleaned or the fireplace cleaned…I was too tired. 4 ½ hours was all I could handle. I am now wishing I were dead. Seriously. I was getting more rest at work. I told my husband that I am NEVER cleaning this room again, and I am NOT kidding. That carpet kicked my ass. *sigh*
Tomorrow’s agenda includes cleaning the bathroom in our room – because it has NO carpets! Hopefully it won’t take more than an hour or two at the longest. I tend to clean more than needed, so it could take the full two hours – but at least it won’t be as bad as today.
I also have to run some errands (home depot and find a bathing suit). That should be more fun than today.
I didn’t keep any of my childhood friends. No – wait. That makes it sound like I threw them out one spring while going through the closets. What I mean is that I didn’t do a good job of staying in touch. I have not talked to anyone I grew up with in many years. And, it makes me sad.
I only had a few very close friendships when I was a teenager: Erin, Annette, and Rachel were my closest of friends. Then there were others that I spent time with, but our relationships did nothing to compare to how I was with these three.
I met Erin at the youth group of our church in 7th grade. I don’t even remember meeting her – I just know that we were inseparable from almost the beginning. We were always talking on the phone, babysitting together, spending the night with each other, or getting in trouble at church for writing notes to each other. I cannot think of a week going by from 7th grade until graduation where I didn’t talk to Erin. And we didn’t even go to the same school. Erin and I started to drift apart after high school, and just never recovered. I got married – she was in my wedding. She got married, I was in her wedding. But things just were not the same. We were not the same. She has since had at least one child. I have had two and have two more on the way. I have been remarried – I have no idea who she is married to now. My mother has died – I have no idea who in her family is still around, or what they are up to. There was a time when I was closer to her family than my own…her mother Rosie and sisters Ann and Becky. I wonder how they are now… I have sent cards, and even once she sent one back, but those times we were close are just *gone* and we have moved on.
I met Annette while working the summer before my Junior year at the mall. She worked in the shoe department and I worked in domestics and fine jewelry of a big ole’ department store. We too were instant friends. Her father passed away once Christmas eve, which left her alone in her dad’s house at 18 and we seemed to make the best of that horrible situation... I remember spending days upon end over there planning our futures, talking about sex, working out, watching movies, going shopping. I even lived with her for a while before getting my first apartment when my mother kicked me out of the house (a story for another time). We were good friends just a short time longer than Erin and I were, but that too faded away. Once I was married and had children I guess my priorities changed…I didn’t spend my free time with the girls anymore, I spent it with my husband. My mom was quite sick and I know that took much of my time too.
Rachel and I met in 5th grade band class. We both played clarinet. We were not in the same 5th grade regular classes but we had similar sick/silly senses of humor and we just ‘clicked’. We lived fairly close to each other, and always went to the same schools through high school. We would take many of the same classes to spend more time together, and even double-dated a few times our Senior year (prom included). We were not as close as Erin, Annette and I were, but we had a very special friendship. We were around each other all day, and she personally made high school bearable for me. We both went away to Indiana University and she stuck with me through some pretty horrible college situations. Without her, I would have been lost and lonely. Rachel was also in my wedding, but that was really the last time we talked to each other or saw each other. Some very strange things happened at my reception, and I never really came to terms with them. My god parents were out in the parking lot and saw Rachel and another girl (her date?) making out. It was a little more than I could take at the time, although now I wish I had not let it bother me. I should not have felt threatened or strange by that situation, but I let it pull us apart. One more friend gone.
Somehow I let those precious friendships slip away. I sure do miss those girls – Erin, Annette, and Rachel. I hope they are doing well wherever they are…
I am six months pregnant today. I cannot believe that time has gone by so quickly. And yet at the same time, it feels like it is dragging. Explain that to me please.
* Size: I am bigger. Much bigger. So much bigger. None of my maternity clothes fit except the ones that I bought REALLY big (my most recent medium and large purchases). I cannot tie my shoes without taking a break between shoes – it takes my breath away.
* Shaving: I cannot shave my naughty parts, because I cannot see them. This seriously drives me crazy because of the “new hair growth” itching. It is driving me crazy, but I am not about to ask my husband to take a razor to those parts…nope, not gonna happen.
* Eating: I cannot eat much at one sitting. I get full so incredibly fast. If I do eat a normal amount, I regret it for hours after because my stomach is just too full to function.
* Movement: The babies are moving all the time now. I can even see my stomach move when they wiggle around, which is a little freaky – like aliens in there or something.
* Energy: I have more energy than I did a month ago. I can stay awake all day without a nap if I need to and function on 8 hours of sleep.
* Sleep: I can’t sleep. I go to sleep ok, but I wake up so often that I feel like I am not sleeping at all.
* Readiness: I am emotionally more prepared for babies now. I am off work and have time to wash baby clothes, get things ready in their room, and do all of the planning needed to bring two new people into our lives.
* Time: As I said before, pregnancy seemed so far away before but is now creeping up on me. I am excited and nervous and scared and happy and so many emotions that it is hard to deal with them all. Is this normal?
Cleaned our downstairs bathroom top to bottom. It is seriously clean enough to eat off of any part of it. It is a very small bathroom and it took over an hour to clean. It smells good, it looks good, and it is nice to cross it off my list.
Went to Sam’s club to pick up all the big household items (toilet paper, paper towels, kitchen sponges, etc). This turned out to take a LONG time because the magnetic strip on my Sam’s card wasn’t working so I was shuffled over to the Customer Service line. Which is of course NO SERVICE to customers…it is merely a pain in the ass.
Went to Walmart to get the items I could not find at Sam’s. Such a busy freaking place. Why does everyone go there – all at once? Parking is a mess. The parking lot is strewn with carts that people are too lazy to put in the cart bins/holders. The lines are long, the people are rude… I hate it there.
Cooked dinner. And it sucked. I made some chicken and vegetable thing that I will NEVER EVER make again. It tasted like a pot pie without the crust and too many vegetables. Ick.
Talked to the short-term disability people at Cigna. This was not much fun. I got the feeling that they really, really, really want me back at work. They kept quizzing me about my ability to take conference calls from home, or work an hour a day in the office. Like that is worth my time. I sent them to my doctor to discuss the issues. He is the reason I am home.
Re-faxed all the paperwork that I faxed to Cigna last week because they claim they didn’t get it. I even have the acknowledgement printout that stated it faxed successfully, so I faxed that too. Grrr.
Talked to my oldest daughter. Twice. She will most likely call again too. Her dad isn’t home tonight and she is not fond of her step-mom, so she likes to call and complain about her. I don’t blame her – the woman is not “all there”
Surfed EBay looking at 1000 and 800 thread count Egyptian Cotton sheet sets, finally deciding that we cannot afford them. But wow – they are NICE.
And that about wraps it up. Still to come tonight – bubble bath and more reading. Don’t you want to be me?
Today I went through all of our old pictures from various boxes, bags, and drawers stored throughout the house. My goal was to weed out the double-prints, stupid pictures, blurry pictures, etc. and put the rest of them in albums so that they would not get lost or destroyed. I cannot believe how long it took.
I have a lot of pictures from when I was married to my daughter’s dad that I did not know what to do with. They represent a part of my life, of their lives, and I didn’t want to get rid of them, and yet at the same time felt funny putting them in our albums. I ended up putting them in a ziplock back to be transferred to a picture box with all of the duplicates that I didn’t put in the albums. What would you have done with them? I thought it would be hard for my husband to see them – to have to look at them mixed in with all of our pictures. But more than that, I guess I just don’t want to be reminded of that life every time I pulled out the pictures. Is that bad?
My husband told me to keep them so that the girls’ could have them and do what they want with them – put them in their rooms or in albums – since they are a large part of their lives. I think that was a good idea. So for now they are in storage just waiting for the girls to decide what they want to do with them.
It is always so nostalgic looking at pictures from long ago. Many of them 10-14 years old – from when my daughters were born and in their very early years – you know…the times when we took LOTS of pictures very regularly. I noticed some huge gaps – years at a time when I didn’t take (or maybe didn’t save) any pictures and it makes me sad. I hope that I learn from this and stop slacking off…but I know that we will get busy and forget the camera when we are busy.
I am going to try to set a goal to take pictures once a week. I don’t want to miss documenting any more of my children’s lives – not when I have days like today where looking at how they have grown and changed is so rewarding.
They get up when they want to. They eat when they want to. They play when they want to. They sleep when they want to.
Right now one of the cats is purring away in the gameroom while looking out the window. The other is laying beside me trying to distract me from the computer so that I will pay attention to her. One dog is laying on the leather footstool (hanging off on all four sides because he is so honkin' huge) and the other is laying in the backyard waiting for basket-ball boy to come up the alley so that he run around the yard like a maniac barking at him.
They have zero responsibility and are only here to be happy and get attention. I wonder if pets are a step ahead of us or behind us in the re-incarnation chain. I would guess they are of a higher life form and are being rewarded… well, I think that until I see them eating bugs, and dead birds, and licking their own butts… then I have to second-guess myself.
Today was my last day of work. For a long time. I won’t be going back until September, and it really doesn’t feel real. I am sitting at home wondering how I am going to stay occupied and entertained when I am not spending all day trying to avoid work. We have a lot to do in order to get our house ready to sell, but I am not supposed to be doing any of it. I am supposed to be taking it easy being lazy. I don’t know how to be lazy on purpose…I am only lazy when avoiding things I should be doing. I have decided to clean one room a day in the house. That will have our whole house cleaned every two weeks. I prefer a maid, but I also prefer not to pay one.
I am now almost 6 months pregnant. This is hard for me to believe. I never imagined I would make it this far – certainly not while still being at home. I assumed I would be on bed-rest or in the hospital by now, if not already done being pregnant. I am VERY lucky with this pregnancy (knock on wood) so far. I have so much to be thankful for right now.
It is nice to be home in a way. I can hear my husband working in his office, see him during the day…go to lunch with him. I can take my girls to the doctor or stay with them when they are sick. I can take the dogs for a walk during the day, or hang out with them in the back yard. I can read as much as I want and I can even lay in bed all day long if I feel like it – maybe, just maybe this won’t be so bad.
This will sound odd. I know this because it feels odd to think about, to write about. However, I read a lot infertility blogs. When I was considering IVF and going through the process I did quite a bit of reading, and the best information came from online journals… the women going through infertility and IVF were my best source of information and support. I am not infertile, I simply have horrible pregnancy issues and therefore a long time ago, when I was told I would never again carry a child to term, I had a tubal ligation. It seemed the best option to avoid a miscarriage – a miscarriage that was a result of my body not being able to carry to term, not due to problems with the poor innocent child inside me. I felt justified in my decision.
14 years later technology had changed. A lot. I could very likely carry close to term with help. IVF was happening all around me, and with fairly good success in some people. And, although insanely expensive, it could allow my new husband and I an opportunity to have a child together. I bit.
This leads me to the point of this rambling. I became involved with all of these infertile folks – essentially just through reading journals, but we all know how close we can feel to folks when we are really only reading (strange isn’t it?) And now, I am pregnant – and I just don’t fit. And it is sad. I know that online is not real life. I am not totally delusional. But I also know that I don’t have many real life close friends, so there is some comfort, some escape in the online community. Pathetic? Maybe. But it works for me.
I know that there are fantastic people out there who went through infertility and some that still are - and they are always caring and open and receptive to my comments and assvice. But I just don't always feel at home there...does that make sense?
This leads to a dilemma doesn’t it? I am not infertile. I am not even trying to get pregnant. I am WAY pregnant and most likely going to have healthy close to term babies. I suppose I need to find a community that supports my current state, but that is like moving across the country, going to a new school, and having to make new friends. It sucks.
See, my replacement just won’t make time to go over anything with me. This person has been unavailable for the past two weeks and now on my last week still has no time to learn how to do the job they are about to get. Needless to say, I am not very happy. Not at all. And, if I get pulled out on leave tomorrow at my appointment, they are going to be screwed. No help. And – I won’t feel bad for them either. I have done everything in my power to teach them this job, and they won’t spend any time on it.
So – on a call today where we review planned expenditures – a call where this replacement was supposed to be doing the reviewing, but didn’t show up – I stated that if they don't show up, they are all going to be left without financial approval. Guess what happened? One of the idiot men accused me of being upset because I am hormonal. That is right. I am not upset because I am trying to do a proper turnover and ensure that my financials and employees are not left unattended…I am simply mad because of hormones. Bastard! I was so mad, that I wanted to rip his head off and run over it with my car – several times. I am still mad about it.
I have spent months getting ready for this leave, choosing a replacement, planning everything, documenting everything, informing everyone – spending so much time on these things to make the replacement’s life easier…and it apparently was useless. And, I am pretty mad about it. Can you tell?
So Austin. We are moving to Austin. We are putting our house up for sale as soon as the babies are born, and are going to be showing our house with newborns in it. We – are insane.
But Austin! I am so excited about moving. Sad I won’t see my girls during the week, but excited to be moving. We have been looking at houses and ranches and places with LOTS of land. Ideally we would like at least 5 acres either south or west of Austin, with a 4 or 5 bedroom home and a built-in pool.
1) .0001 acres in the city with 5 bedrooms and we will have to build a pool (poor doggies, no room to play)
2) 1 acre north of town with a 4 bedroom home in an over-populated area forcing us to take I35 to work every day adding 14 hours to our commute
4) 5 acres in Leander, 3 or 4 bedroom home, barely livable, horse stables, and lots of dirt and trees
Sadly, number 4 sounds the best to me. We talked about it and thought that a house that we can either fix up, build onto, or tear down and replace over time might be our best option if it comes with land. We will most likely have to have a pool built which can be pretty expensive there because of all the limestone – but if we finance it with the house maybe it won’t seem so bad.
If we end up in the city, it will be short term – maybe 5 years until the boys are ready for school – then we can move to somewhere further out and maybe, just *maybe* we can afford what we really want. Right now we have school debt, credit card debt, house debt, car debt… so much debt. I will be happy if we can afford ANYTHING. But – AUSTIN….YEAH!!!
I am looking online at houses in Austin so that we have some ideas for our house-hunting trip in a few weeks.
I am trying to think about all of the things we have to do to our house before we can put it up for sale.
I am looking at my husband and wondering how we will be when there are two tiny babies taking up all of our time.
I am missing the close physical relationship we had to put on hold when I became pregnant…thinking how long it will be until we are back to that again.
I am thinking about what it will be like to have two newborn babies and a house on the market at the same time.
I am missing them now for the times in the future when I will not see them during the week anymore because we are moving.
I am looking at our back yard and thinking that it needs serious help…and no, I am not doing anything about it.
I am wishing I was allowed to work out like I used to – I miss that tired-because-you-worked-hard feeling.
I am doing everything I can to avoid all work-related issues in hopes that they will remain at bay until I am gone and don’t have to do a thing with them.
I am considering dinner options during the day only to order out for pizza when dinner time arrives.
I am wondering how I will occupy my time in 6 days when I am no longer working. Most of my time now is spent avoiding work… once it is not there to avoid, what will I do?
I am looking at all the baby stuff and thinking “I should wash all of that and start to get things ready in case I am hospitalized early”. But am I doing anything about it? Hell no.
I am reading other pregnancy blogs and looking at belly pictures…comparing the sizes – and I have no idea why.
I am feeling my babies grow and move and stretch inside me and constantly thinking how freaky it is to be making babies. Inside me. Holy shit!
I am trying to walk some every day, only to have each little expedition end in contractions and frustration.
I am wondering why I was so intent on going through this whole pregnancy thing again…dear god, do I remember nothing about how hard this was before?
I am going to my daughters soccer games and marveling at how much she has changed over the past two years, and how grown up she is now.
I am listening to my other daughter talk about boys and growing up and wondering how my mother viewed me at this age.
I am thinking about the fact that my older daughter is going to be driving this summer and wondering how she grew up so fast.
I am looking at college information coming in the mail for the girls and thinking how sad it is going to be when they go away to school.
I was sent an internal job posting from an old boss that was PERFECT for me. I responded to it, telling the hiring person that I am about to go on leave so I was not sure how that would work out – and included my unbelievably fantastic resume (yeah, I wrote it myself). And do you know what? After one conversation with the man, they want me. They want me in spite of my going on leave until September. I wonder if they looked at a calendar. 5 months they are willing to wait. They are going to have someone else do the job in the interim, and then oust him when I come back…amazing. I hate to tell them that I am not that good – but then the whole “great resume scam” and “impressive, useless interview skills” will be out. But, I also agreed to read email and attend meetings when I can via conference call. I am a sucker…
Just back from my Peri appointment. Everything is FANTASTIC. All the contracting and ickiness has amounted to nothing. Boys are both 1 pound 2 oz, measuring almost a week ahead. They are on some growth chart right in the middle for their age...which we are assuming is GREAT news. They have all the right body parts - or so we were told. To me, the sonogram is a funny, mysterious thing. The tech swears she is looking at a kidney, or the brain and all I see is fuzz. Gray and white fuzz. I see no way telling the difference between most of the body parts. I told the tech that I felt like we were in modern art class... and I believed it.
Both boys are still - boys. So that is good. No gender operations have taken place while we were not watching. They are constantly kicking each other in the heads, which is a riot. My husband swears this is the beginning of the fighting that we will surely see more of. Think so? Yikes.
Other than that everything is fantastic. The doctor said that things look like we are not going to have problems - odds are in our favor based on all he is seeing...different kind of pregnancy for me!
The fi-7480 is ideal for office use as the smallest A3-capable scanner of its class. Its wide range feeding ability includes regular A8 to A3 sizes, as well as folded A2 documents and plastic cards. Additionally, no burdensome pre-sorting is required with mixed batch scanning.
fi-7480 scans at the high-speed of 80 ppm / 160 ipm (A4, landscape, Color, 200 / 300 dpi). It can also recover from power-saving mode (sleep mode) in a second or less, enabling users to scan immediately and continue work seamlessly without pauses or interruptions.
It can support a wide variety of media. The paper feed mechanism can handle both thick and thin paper (27~413 g/m2), enabling users to scan documents without the concern of paper thickness.
The fi-7480 can efficiently scan a large amount of documents. The ADF paper chute (feeder) can accommodate 100 sheets (A4 sheet, landscape, 80 g/m2) and additional papers can be added while scanning. Furthermore, it also includes several functions to ensure reliable scanning.
This function is the first in its class and controls paper output speed so that documents are not piled up in a disorderly fashion. This increases work efficiency as no time is spent realigning messy stacks of papers.
The adopted functions, such as the Brake Roller, which separates each document, and the Skew Reducer, which assists in feeding mixed batches, are highly reliable and enable easy digitization. Additionally, each Hopper Side Guide moves independently, so you can easily adjust them to the document width for efficient scanning in mixed batches.
Even if documents are creased, wrinkled or when staples were not removed before scanning, Multi-feed Detection and iSOP (Intelligent Sonic Paper Protection) technology protects both the physical documents and the scanner hardware from potential damage. This helps improve and maintain work efficiency. Users can also utilize Manual Feed Mode (so that the scanner waits for the next document to be placed within a specified time) for scanning where you need to check the contents of each document or delicate documents that may cause multi-feeds or paper jams.
The PaperStream IP scanner driver, which supports TWAIN/ISIS, avoids the inconvenience of fine adjustments to the settings for OCR processes. It automatically converts the images into exceptionally clean images, accelerating OCR even when scanning wrinkled or soiled documents, or documents with a background pattern. With an intuitive interface, PaperStream Capture effectively and efficiently allows you to feed information into your organization’s workflow through various capture features during batch scanning.
The PaperStream IP driver takes the work out of image cleanup when scanning invoices, ID cards, receipts, forms, or any other day to day paperwork. PaperStream IP automatically improves the image quality, removes unwanted backgrounds, and optimizes your scanned images for optical character recognition. It is fast and easy to use. Our latest innovation, Assisted Scan, allows users to replace poor images by visually selecting the image they lack rather than learning driver settings. If driver settings need to be adjusted for rare and difficult documents, our preview function allows scan operators to see their adjustments in real-time without time consuming re-scans. PaperStream IP works with both ISIS and TWAIN applications.
PaperStream Capture makes advanced capture with Fujitsu scanners easier than before. PaperStream Capture has a streamlined User Interface to reduce training time and increase productivity. Not only have we provided users with the most common profiles used by customers—black and white, color, and auto-color—new profiles are easily created or modified through a wizard. We have organized the release screen so that batches can easily be suspended or continued. PaperStream Capture is also integrated with PaperStream IP’s assisted scanning for visual cleanup of documents. The reading of barcodes and patch codes make batch separation easy, improving document organization.
The optional imprinter unit prints identification markers like dates, alphanumeric codes and symbols on reverse side of the original document. This makes it easier to locate the originals of scanned document when you need to reference them.
In terms of footprint (excluding chuter, stacker, and projected parts) of A3-capable ADF type image scanner with scanning speed of 40 ppm or more in A4 landscape (based on the investigation by PFU LIMITED as of December 1st, 2015)
In terms of straight-path feeding mechanism scanners (based on the investigation by PFU LIMITED as of December 1st, 2015)
Set thought is the maths of infinity and a part of the center curriculum for arithmetic majors. This publication blends concept and connections with different elements of arithmetic in order that readers can comprehend where of set idea in the wider context. starting with the theoretical basics, the writer proceeds to demonstrate functions to topology, research and combinatorics, in addition to to natural set conception. recommendations equivalent to Boolean algebras, timber, video games, dense linear orderings, beliefs, filters and membership and desk bound units also are constructed. Pitched particularly at undergraduate scholars, the method is neither esoteric nor encyclopedic. the writer, an skilled teacher, comprises motivating examples and over a hundred routines designed for homework assignments, reports and checks. it's acceptable for undergraduates as a direction textbook or for self-study. Graduate scholars and researchers also will locate it necessary as a refresher or to solidify their realizing of easy set idea.
During this booklet Singh bargains a critique of the dominant western felony theory--legal positivism--based on techniques which are basic to the Indian dharmasastra culture of criminal notion, a practice which had a continual 2,000-year background prior to eu principles received forex. In so doing, he bargains an Indian restatement of the character of legislation, and descriptions a brand new conception of legislation in accordance with a critique of Kant and Leibniz.
Handling Innovation offers readers with the data to appreciate, and the talents to control, innovation on the operational and strategic degrees. particularly, it integrates the administration of industry, organizational and technological switch to enhance the competitiveness of agencies and effectiveness of alternative companies.
This booklet provides the 1st algebraic therapy of quasi-truth fuzzy good judgment and covers the algebraic foundations of many-valued common sense. It deals a finished account of simple thoughts and studies on very important effects exhibiting the pivotal function performed by way of excellent many-valued algebras (MV-algebras). it really is renowned that the first-order predicate Łukasiewicz common sense isn't whole with admire to the canonical set of fact values.
This booklet specializes in making a choice on the functionality demanding situations excited about machine architectures, optimum configuration settings and analysing their influence at the functionality of multi-core architectures. featuring an influence and throughput-aware fuzzy-logic-based reconfiguration for Multi-Processor structures on Chip (MPSoCs) in either simulation and real-time environments, it truly is divided into significant components.
Proof It is straightforward to verify that (C, ≺C ) is a strict linear ordering. For contradiction, suppose that (in , xn ) | n < ω is an inﬁnite descending sequence from C. Since (B, ≺B ) is a wellordering, there is some m < ω such that, for every n < ω, if m < n, then in = 0. But then xn | n < ω − m is an inﬁnite descending sequence from A, which is a contradiction. 34 Let α and β be ordinals. Then their sum is α + β = type ((α, <) (β, <)) . In other words, α + β is the unique ordinal isomorphic to (α, <) (β, <).
Prove that there are unique n, β1 , . . , βn , 1 , . . , n such that • • • • 1 ≤ n < ω, α ≥ β1 > · · · > βn , 1 ≤ i < ω for every i = 1, . . n, and α = ω β1 · 1 + · · · + ω βn · n . This is called Cantor normal form. 15 For each function x : ω → ω, deﬁne the support of x to be the set {n < ω | x(n) = 0}. Recall that ω ω = {x | x is a function from ω to ω}. Let A = {x ∈ ω ω | x has ﬁnite support}. Given x, y ∈ A such that x = y, there exists a largest n < ω such that x(n) = y(n) and we deﬁne x ≺A y ⇐⇒ x(n) < y(n).
Previous Article← Download PDF by Stephen Fishman: Working for Yourself: Law & Taxes for Independent
Recently, online games developer Net Entertainment has launches a new online video slot titled “Beach”, set on five reels and 20 paylines.
The game has an excellent, authentic layout in its beach theme, with waves instead of classic spins and special features such as Free Waves, Wilds and the Octopus Wild. The latter is a great new feature, which swaps symbols on its adjacent reels to bring players the highest possible win.
According to Per Eriksson, president and chief executive officer of Net Entertainment, “Everyone loves a day on the beach and we are sure Beach is going to be very popular with our partners and players. It contains a number of new innovative features, such as the wave which washes the symbols ashore, and we are delighted with this addition to the Net Entertainment portfolio of video slots.”
Book review of the sequel to ‘Easy Motion Tourist’ by award-winning author Leye Adenle: ‘When Trouble Sleeps’ .
Synopsis: Tinseltown Riff centers on Ben Prine, a thirty-something hack screenwriter who, on a Labor Day weekend, finds himself in desperate straits. Latching on to a dubious last-minute opportunity, he unwittingly embarks on a collision course with a Montana tracker connected with a Vegas mob; an odyssey which culminates in a fateful showdown on an abandoned Western movie.
I just love the cover for Shelly Frome’s Tinseltown Riff! It’s a perfect fit for a book set in Hollywood and about a screenwriter trying to catch a break.
The writing is solid and narration is in third person. At times, Tinseltown Riff does read more like a screenplay rather than a novel and it can frustrate a reader because a scene will cut to a different set of characters and you’re left wondering where it is all going. Though, I will admit Frome has a talent to write as if you’re seeing a movie rather than reading a book. One can only hope Tinseltown Riff will one day be adapted and can be seen on screen. He also intermixes a bit of Spanish among a few character conversations. If you’re not fluent in Spanish, don’t despair since Frome does explain what the words mean either right after it’s been said or another character will respond by answering the question.
As for characterization, we have a wide array of characters. Ben is the main protagonist and tied very much to the plot, but overall, I don’t feel as if we get to know each character well. Again, this goes in hand with Tinseltown Riff reading more like a screenplay. The ultimate question you might be wondering is, does it work? Yes, it does, but it does slow down the pace. I’ll be honest; I was confused as to who’s who and everyone’s relationship. Truth be told, it doesn’t matter who and what they are; this is a story about Ben and how he never seems to catch a break. I liked him and you can’t help but cheer for the underdog. As for the rest of the characters, they are quirky. There’s Mrs. Melnick whose goal to be on the Tonight Show with Jay Leno then there’s Leo, a Russian obsessed with his visa status. We can’t forget about Angelique who calls the shots, Deke who isn’t afraid to pull the trigger, C.J. the undercover cop who may have dubious plans, and Molly who finds herself caught in the middle. Plus there’s June, the woman who reluctantly raises Ben when his mother abandons him. There are several more characters that make an appearance and play a vital role.
I debated with the rating between a three and four. In the end, I went with a three because I felt the pacing was a bit too slow and at times I just couldn’t connect with the novel. Mostly, it comes down to having a large cast of characters and not being able to associate with one in particular. Even though this was Ben’s story, he’s in the background and I wanted to know more about him. The scenes with C.J. and the kids are the best! I loved the interaction and how C.J. was protective towards them. It’s apparent, Frome is familiar with the acting business and he does a great job translating his knowledge to print. Unfortunately, there was just a lot going on and I couldn’t keep up.
Overall, Shelly Frome’s Tinseltown Riff was a satisfactory read. While it didn’t work for me, Frome does know how to keep readers engaged. If you’re a fan of action packed novels, you’ll enjoy Tinseltown Riff. I’m looking forward to reading a few of Frome’s backlist since I did like his style of writing.
I have a copy of Tinseltown Riff to give away courtesy of Shelly Frome and Teddy from Premier Virtual Author Book Tours. It’s international, but paperback copy is for US residents only. Giveaway will end on Wednesday, November 6th at Midnight MST (2 am EST). Good luck!
Last year I read and adored Marci Jefferson’s Girl on the Golden Coin. When I was offered the opportunity to review her second novel, Enchantress of Paris, I couldn’t say no. I’m so glad I didn’t pass up the chance because Jefferson’s newest is wonderfully written and a must read for any fan of historical fiction! We have good character development. When we first meet Marie Mancini, she’s a teenager on the cusp of womanhood. Her father was an Italian aristocrat who was also a well known astrologer. Marie is naive, but it’s her naiveté that makes her a breath of fresh air! You can feel her frustration at the way things are and will cheer her on as she blossoms. We have a wide array of historical figures who… Read more »
I’ve read a few of Julia London’s historicals and she’s one I want to read more of. When the opportunity came to review a contemporary under the pen name, Jessa McAdams, I was intrigued. When I read the plot involved the Scottish Highlands, I couldn’t pass up the chance! Character development is a bit weak. Sloane Chatfield is an American girl who decided to leave it all behind for a few weeks to find her real life Jamie Fraser in Scotland. If you’re not familiar with who Fraser is, you’re not alone! Even our hero Galen Buchanan had no idea who he was, but I’ll be kind to you. Fraser of course is the hero in the Diana Gabaldon novels and one who has stolen the hearts of thousands of… Read more »
I’ve made no secret of my love for Kate Meader and her books! When she asked if I’d be interested in reviewing the first in her Tall, Dark, and Texan series, Even the Score, I couldn’t say no. And, wow-talk about pent up sexual attraction! You’ll definitely need a fan as you read. We have great character development. Tess McKenzie was born to a famous actress and had the life of privilege growing up. She’s not spoiled and works hard in order to make her own way in the world. Tess is feisty and protective of her friends. You can easily imagine hanging out with her and just having fun. I really liked her. And ladies, be prepared to swoon over Hunter Dade! He’s a man on a mission who… Read more »
In 2013, Jessica Lemmon wrote, If You Dare, a spooky novella where unrequited love and a bet was at the heart of the story. I really enjoyed it and my only big complaint was the length (I wanted more) because I wanted more of Marcus! Originally published by Entangled as part of their now defunct Flirt line, Lemmon expanded If You Dare and what we have is a full length novel. When Lemmon asked if I’d be interested in reading the new If You Dare, I couldn’t pass up the chance especially since there would be more Marcus! We have really good character development. I liked Lily and it was easy to associate with her. She’s hard working and goal oriented. She also has a no strict dating policy regarding… Read more »
I really enjoyed Kate Forsyth’s Bitter Greens last year and when the opportunity was offered to review The Wild Girl, I couldn’t pass up the chance! I was curious to know more about Dortchen Wild, the girl who grew up next to the Grimm family and who would ultimately steal Wilhelm Grimm’s heart. The Wild Girl is a moving tale and reminds that she did not live a fairytale life. We have good characterization and a lot of vital characters. Our heroine is Dortchen Wild, the second youngest of six daughters; her life was in many ways preplanned. Dortchen would be the one to stay home to take care of her parents as they aged and her upbringing was strict. She’s a dreamer and longs to be with people. I… Read more »
I really enjoyed Aaron Cooley’s Shaken Not Stirred and when he asked if I’d be interested in reviewing part one of Four Seats, I couldn’t pass up the opportunity! If what I’ve read so far is any indication of what the rest of the book will be, then you’re in for a real treat! Four Seats will truly be one of your favorite summer reads and can’t be missed! We have a lot of characters who are vital to the narrative and Cooley doesn’t sacrifice character development. Our hero is Jason Lancaster and he’s also the government’s prime suspect. Lancaster’s resume is pretty impressive and I won’t go into detail, but it’s easy to understand why he’s on their radar. Known to be punctual, Lancaster is employed through the Supreme… Read more »
I’m always unsure about memoirs because they can be life inspiring and can challenge us, but others fall short. When the opportunity came to review Brittany Gibbons’ Fat Girl Walking, I couldn’t say no especially when I saw it was a book for women and how to accept their bodies. I’ll admit, I had no idea who Gibbons was nor the internet ruckus she stirred up, but after reading Fat Girl Walking, I have a real appreciation for Gibbons and what she’s trying to accomplish. Fat Girl Walking begins by telling the reader about Gibbon’s childhood and from there we join her journey into adulthood. The writing is humorous and Gibbons isn’t afraid to go into painful details that most of us would rather forget about our childhood. I cringed,… Read more »
Cynthia Eden is a new author to me in terms of reading. I’ve seen her books, but never picked one up and when I received a review copy of Broken, I was intrigued! I read the synopsis and wanted to put everything aside because it had everything I wanted in a book: romance and the hunt for a ruthless killer. We have good character development. Our heroine, Eve Gray is suffering from amnesia and is scared because she finds out she fits the description of a ruthless killer’s victims. She wants answers and doesn’t know where to turn to. I liked Eve and felt her frustration at wanting to know the past, but I was worried for her! Then we have Gabe who is dedicated to his work and wants… Read more »
I got the opportunity to review Paula Brackston’s The Midnight Witch last year and I really enjoyed her writing. When the chance came to review The Silver Witch, I couldn’t pass up the chance! Brackston’s easily become one of my favorite new authors. And before I talk about the book, let’s take a moment to admire the cover! It’s beautiful and trust me, in person the colors are just lovely! This is definitely one book you’ll want to add to your collection based on the cover alone. We have great characterization! Tilda Fordwells is a widow who lives in Wales and decides to live in the house her and husband had planned on living in. Immediately she begins to have odd experiences. She can’t explain them but at the same… Read more »
I have a secret; I have a love hate relationship with Eloisa James books because they are either a hit or a miss. I adored Three Weeks with Lady X and I wasn’t sure I wanted to read Four Nights with the Duke until I read the synopsis! Seriously, the synopsis sold me and when the chance came to participate in the blog tour, I couldn’t pass up the chance! While, Four Nights is the eighth book in her Desperate Duchess series, if you haven’t read any of the books in the series, it’s okay to dive right in. We have really good character development. Emila “Mia” Carrington has a secret: she’s a successful novelist, but the time has come to marry. Her nephew, Charlie, is at risk and she… Read more »
Woo-hoo! Kate Meader is back and this time with a brand new series that features firefighters. Can we take a moment to drool over the cover? It’s stunning and ah, the look in his eyes screams determination! We have great character development. Meader has always written strong characters and Flirting with Fire is no exception. Our heroine, Kinsey Taylor, is feisty, competitive, and isn’t one to easily intimidate. I’ll admit, I thought I wasn’t going to like Kinsey because of how self assured and strong she is, but Meader made her relatable. How many of us have fallen for a guy only to realize he’s intimidated by us? Kinsey’s ex-fiancé can’t handle her awesomeness, but that’s okay because Meader has given her someone who isn’t afraid of her. And oh… Read more »
Christina Lee’s Whisper to Me is the third book in her Between Breaths series. If you haven’t read the first two in the series, it’s not necessary to do so in order to enjoy Whisper to Me. I do recommend you read them only because Lee mentions a few things from the books and you might consider spoilers, but I don’t. We have good character development. Ever since I was introduced to Rachel (in All of You) I wanted to know more about her! She’s sassy, strong, and opinionated and I wanted to be her best friend! We finally get to know who she is and wow…Lee gave us a surprise and all I can say is here we have a woman who really does change her personality. The Rachel… Read more »
The volunteers of Jersey Branch are absolutely delighted to be recipients of this very prestigious award. To have 20 years service to the branch recognised in this way is indeed an honour. We would like to thank all of you who help in which ever way to make our branch what it is today, a very professionally run organisation, and that is due to a small number who are a dedicated and reliable team, who give so willingly of their time or expertise to help run the branch, or by helping with fundraising help the branch realise its aims in supporting all those affected by Parkinson's Disease. Congratulations and thank you everyone!.
This website has been set up to show what the Branch does and to encourage new members. Not local? Heres where we are.
You can find out about the Jersey Branch, read the current Newsletter (and previous ones in the archive) or see the range of activities we hold for our members.
You can also find out about Parkinson's Disease or discover more through our links (including the Societys new national website).
Welcome to BendWeekly.com Discussion Board. If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the "FAQ" by clicking the link below. You may have to register before you can post: click the "register" link below to proceed.
Our Phoenix van mounted hot water extraction system offers many advantages over our competitors using less powerful, portable machines:
We provide an exceptional cleaning service and really value our customers, help us continue to build a great reputation for our carpet cleaning service across Herefordshire -
All in all the van mounted machine gives far superior cleaning of carpets and furnishing, faster drying times and quicker setup and pack away times, leaving you with minimal disruption so you can get on with your everyday life as soon as possible. choose van mounted, choose us.
With a large number of happy regular customers across Herefordshire, a growing amount of our work consists of scheduled return visits to maintain carpets and upholstery. Book your cleaning service today and once you have seen our results we are sure you will want us back within a year to help you continue to professionally maintain your carpet and furniture investments.
We have a very thorough approach to our work so you can be sure of a friendly, high quality and reliable service. gGive us a call today.
Our experienced technicians and powerful steam extraction cleaning equipment, ensures we can guarantee you will be happy with the results or your money back!
The best equipment and training means the best possible cleaning results quickly and hassle-free and at the lowest possible prices.
No other cleaning system can offer the power and results of our steam vacuum extraction cleaning system – proven by official health reports steam is the best cleaning method
Customers rely on us for the best results every time, the best Hydramaster extraction equipment sitting in the van helps us to achieve the best
Tennessee plans to execute 63-year-old Edmund Zagorski by electrocution on Thursday night, after the condemned man requested not to be put to death by lethal injection.
Although Harary's magic may look American, the fact is its roots are not in the west but rather in one of the most truly magical places on the planet... the seldom traveled country of Bangladesh. Join Harary as he goes on a search, a quest for his origins... a quest for real magic. Shot live in Dhaka, Bangladesh, Franz Harary meets the magicians of this country that have not only defined the art form but continue to reinvent it. In the jungles and countryside, share the wonder with Harary as he meets real life witch doctors still performing the same ancient magic that they did thousands of years ago. On stage, at The Dhaka National Theater, Harary joins a number of international performers during the countries first ever magic conclave. And, of course, on the street Franz takes his magic to the people sharing his illusions with the culture that started it all. That and more as Franz attempts to make a full size helicopter disappear in flight. All in the fantastic country of Bangladesh.
2 in 1 yihua soldering station 995d hot air gun 110v or 220v rework solder soldering station heat gun
milanese watch band tool for universal watch stainless steel watchband replacement strap wrist belt bracelet 20mm 22mm 24mm
lzt 1000 electromagnetic radiation tester can be measured electric field with the magnetic field suitable for home use
3pcs set hss steel large step drill bit cone titanium coated metal drill bit cut tool hole cutter woodworking 4 12 20 32mm
1 piece distribution box professional aluminium amplifiers silver wall mounted junction case 28 132 130mm
high quality new carbide tip tct drill bit 90mm stainless steel hole saw set for metal alloy drilling core cutter
digital caliper with round measuring points for inside grooves 24 150mm 0 01mm inch stainless steel measuring tools
16 in 1 sappers shovel k2 outdoor camping car self defense multi function these military spade folding outdoor camping tool
men s aluminum magnesium sunglasses polarized blue lens driving fishing eyewear sun glasses for men male s2382
fifteen years of dedicated welding cap hot selling cheap welder cap for welding equipment shading welding mask for free post 6
5 pcs 1 4 pt 12mm male thread to 12mm dia tube elbow pneumatic air flow speed controller fittings air valve quick fitting
If there is an unbelievable part of the Shoreline Party games, it must be at this point that the teens can play them with the adults. In the midst of this, the generation hole is more settled than it used to be, an element you’ve probably never considered until you can feel it everywhere in your hugs and laughter .
Useful for inventive thinking and improve both your IQ and EQ, everyone can pick it up and play. It looks really good.24 pieces; Made of metal. Only play for children from 6 years; Contains small parts, not in the mouth; Metal Cerebrum Secret gathers with the usual Chinese culture, and they are very intriguing. Insight game toy, perfect for kids.
Descendants of all ages love the life-size shape of the large ring-drop game. The vibrant color Jumbo 4-To-Score game from ECR4Kids is sure to be a hit with family and friends at birthday parties, family reunions, network focus, post-school projects, classrooms and more. Youth players create collaboration and participation skills as they figure out how to coordinate four bright rings at a time to win. This intuitive game is exceptional for two players and also works with groups for epic child-versus-adult title matches. The Jumbo 4-To-Score is suitable for both indoor and outdoor use and is characterized by blurring and climate safety.
This energizing, all-encompassing outdoor family game is an outstanding breeze with a life setting and a bend. Play it at home, outside, at a birthday party or a barbecue. This game for all ages will keep everyone busy for hours. This two-man mega-interface of each of the four action sets stands 3 feet tall and accompanies 42 plates, all of which are 4 “in the gauge, making this unit overwhelming
Greater is constantly better with this super interface four game. This monster form of a big action 3 and a half foot tall and four foot wide. Children and adults will love it! Make every opportunity a game in which no one can compete against the activity. It’s perfect for birthday parties, beach days, nights out, lawn BBQs and more! The purpose of this model game is to be the first to assign four pieces at a time to any path. The lively oversized pieces give life to the game!
Climate safe and rock solid plastic play set can be used inside and outside; People of all ages love this oversized rendition of a great ring game and are a hit with family and friends at birthday parties, family reunions, network focus, post-school projects, classrooms, and more; Easy to collect and disassemble to move wherever the fun takes place.
Children do have the chance to extend their arms and legs (and grins) with this surefire formula for the sake of entertainment: super size x 3 different games = huge amounts of fun during the day. The set includes two oversized but super light bats, a giant birdie and tennis ball, a 14 “volleyball, a pump and a customizable net
Imagine throwing huge pens into your yard! No, you do not imagine! Because of their weighted base, you can put these giant sticks everywhere and spend a great time with the whole family! You can influence the coolest expansion to your next birthday party, single girl, school party, outdoor trip or other indoor and open-air event!
Oversized pieces are hard to miss, so everyone is an ace with this game. Children of all ages can join in the fun and have a charming break with their loved ones! Culminate approach to get your kids moving and gives exercise that improves heart rate and flow. Take your children off the deck chair and put the remote control down. Affects a great gift for a bowler or kick-to-ball star. Reasonable for the two children and adults everything is the same. The swinging of the bowling alley is an incredible physical action that promotes hand / eye coordination.
Take this collapsing oversized game with you to barbecue, parties, church exercises, classrooms, picnics or use it at home as a fun family game! The 5 ‘x 5’ tangle is made of a tear-resistant, tear-resistant plastic material that makes it strong enough for both children and adults. The lady pieces are a big 8 “wide and” big.
The sturdy game is anything but hard to collect and dismantle to move wherever the fun takes place. What a merry blessing for young and old. Super huge and super fun approach to playing cards.if you have been looking for a game to play with your kids, here is a go.
Regarding prices, you should make sure that everyone is satisfied with them. Therefore, you can get sweet treats such as sweets and small toys for the kids, while the adults can get helpful stuff like shades and sunscreen. They should be priced bad, but keep in mind that the children are nearby, so keep them covered until you have an adult party on the shore.
(ARA) - Painting is one of the most popular home improvement projects you can undertake, but it can be more difficult than you might think. Whether you're planning an interior or exterior painting project, hiring a painting contractor will save a lot of time and energy in the long run.
* How long has the contractor been in business? There can be a high turnover rate in the painting industry. Be sure to hire someone who has been operating for at least two to three years.
* Are employees experienced painters? Make sure the company hires skilled workers. Ask what training or qualifications they have.
* Does the contractor have insurance? It is absolutely critical that they have the necessary insurance. A reputable, licensed painting contractor will have coverage. Remember, it protects him and any workers he may have on site, as well as you.
* What kind of preparation work does the painting contractor do? A cheaper job will skimp on the prep work to cut corners. A good contractor will take the time to do everything the way it should be done. The workmanship will show in the end, good or bad.
* Can the painting contractor make recommendations on what materials will work best for your project? A professional keeps up-to-date on the latest products and techniques, makes suggestions for colors and finishes, and is knowledgeable about the latest trends. Experience counts.
* Make sure they put everything in writing. A professional provides customers with written contracts and specifications.
* How much do they charge? Getting the lowest price should not be your first consideration. You want to get someone with skill, experience, insurance, awareness of safety issues and good workers. That will not likely be the guy with the lowest bid. It doesn't need to be the highest bid either. Just be sure not to hire on price alone. Look at the whole picture. Painters operate on very tight profit margins. Some homeowners hire college students and are happy with the work. If the price seems too good to be true, however, it probably is.
Now that you know how to look for a good contractor, where can you go to find one? At RenovationExperts.com you can get free estimates from contractors in your area who are prescreened for experience, licenses and insurance.
Renovation Experts is a premium network of over 3,000 remodeling contractors, who carry out remodeling projects for any part of the house, from attic to basement.
Locate and hire a contractor, get an estimate for your project and do it with the peace of mind that comes with knowing you're using professionals.
Log on to www.renovationexperts.com, describe your project and sign in. They will send you at least four possible contractors for the project within 48 hours. You decide who you want to use. There is no obligation -- just competitive prices for you to get the job done right.
To consider the term ‘panel’ in relation to its possible future and immediate existence; seeking to relate the group to the individual, in a system of physical thought. To not limit the process to one panel system, but many, in order to explore.
In an effort to bridge, or at least mediate, the gap between a physically made component and a computer made component, I sought to take two directions at once – making self-sustaining, static models by hand, and complex, dynamic models with Rhino. The wood and metal shops enabled me to explore that which should not be touched with a computer, while Rhino gave me the opportunity to do that which should not be done by man. I would not want to, nor should I, build the generative complexities that Rhino can create with a few minor manipulations, just as Rhino does not want to build an individual, non-replicable item. This happy distinction between building and scripting establishes a dialogue that is entirely productive. What does the model tell the script that the script can not tell itself? What does the script tell the model, that the model is too busy to tell itself?
*Select save changes to finish the registration process - you will be able to edit your profile any time.
© All Rights Reserved - yourbestpicks. Illegal Content ? Report Us ! | Links: Stories City | io games list
"Katy is a dedicated, sincere, compassionate therapist. I have known her for many years and she truly aspires to transform your issues in a way that feels safe and supportive. I highly recommend her as a Hypnotherapist."
The 15th Step Training is a full immersion experience in which you learn to communicate directly and consistently with your own guides/angels. Do you want to have ongoing access to your own guides, whenever you need them? This weekend training will introduce you to the 15th Step Program which uses a self-trance method to tap into the Oneness.
The next 15th Step training is January 23rd and 24th in Redding, California. If you are not available then, the training after that is February 20th and 21st in Redding. It will be held at the House of Conscious Living Yoga on Tehama Street. The hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. The cost is $100 which includes free practice sessions for 3 months. Bring a friend and your cost is $50. Call 707-694-2952 for more information.
It is the time again. The time of less light, of quiet, of going within. The time of year that our bodies want to rest, at least mine does. Yet it is the time of increased activity and sugar and alcohol buzzes to keep us moving.
My family is creating new rituals for this season. We put our names in a hat to draw one person instead of 10. We walk; we take a yoga class together. I have a big note in my car that says “Breathe”. I see it when I get in.
I hope you are taking opportunities to counter the stress. Of course the children in my family are young adults now or too little to know what’s going on. But I still remember Christmas shopping in San Francisco for the toy of the year for my son. It was an action figure. I was searching through the crowds in every store in the Bay Area. I turned down the aisle at one store to face a small crowd of young men looking for that toy to save for resale value. The frustrated clerk was on a ladder. There was one left and everyone wanted it. He looked out and said, “Does anyone here actually have a child?” My hand went up; all the young men turned to look. The clerk took that opportunity to pass the toy over their heads to me. Pass caught. Goal! Luckily, I wasn’t tackled. (But, I think the guys felt a bit guilty.)
I don’t miss all that. If you are rushing, I hope you look for those opportunities to breathe deeply, to relax, to rest. Wishing you the best!
Posted in Uncategorized	| Tagged alcohol buzz, breathe, counter stress, increased activity, light, quiet, rest, sugar	| Leave a comment
The next 15th Step training is September 14th and 15th in Petaluma, California. It will be held at the office of Redmon Hypnotherapy at 405 D St, #2. The hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. The cost is $300 which includes 3 free practice sessions. Bring a friend and your cost is $265. Call 707-694-2952 for more information.
Do you have chronic pain? Self-employed business owners can be affected in particular; pain effects business. How can you see customers or clients if you need time off work? You may have to make doctor’s appointments or see a physical therapist. It’s so difficult to concentrate on business when all you can think of is how much you hurt. It takes up your thoughts, time, and energy.
How much of this pain do you really have to live with? What if you could relieve the pain? It’s possible to find relief, either temporarily, long term, or both.
Hypnosis is a method for increasing the time you are pain free. Clients learn self-hypnosis and work directly with me to relieve pain.
Dive in. It’s safe. You can play with the hypnotic process and discover what works best for you to relieve yourself of chronic pain and enjoy more time for your business.
Posted in Pain Relief	| Tagged chronic pain relief, It's safe, pain relief, Self-Hypnosis	| Leave a comment
The 15th St ep Training is a full immersion experience where you learn to communicate directly and consistently with your own guides/angels. Do you want to access your own guides ongoingly, whenever you need them? This weekend training will introduce you to the 15th Step Program which uses a self-trance method to tap into the Oneness.
The next 15th Step training is August 11th and 12th in Petaluma, California. It will be held at the office of Redmon Hypnotherapy at 900 5th St. The hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Saturday and Sunday. Call 707-694-2952 for more information.
With the 15th Step process, you can go directly into the inner unconscious and bring forth both Divine Healing and Divine Teaching.
Posted in 15th Step	| Tagged 15th Step Process, be light, connect inner guidance, inner guidance	| Leave a comment
Would you like to talk to them directly and ask questions close to your heart? With the 15th Step process, you can go directly into the inner unconscious and bring forth both Divine Healing and Divine Teaching.
A demonstration of the process is being given on Saturday, June 23rd, at BodyWorks Yoga in Petaluma. The demonstration is from 2:00 to 4:00. Contact Katy Redmon for more information: 707 694 2952.
The 15th Step Training is a full immersion experience where you learn to communicate directly and consistently with your own guidance. Do you want to access your own guides ongoingly, whenever you need them? This weekend training will introduce you to the 15th Step Program which uses a self-trance method to tap into the source of your best guidance.
The next 15th Step training is March 10th and 11th in Petaluma, California. It will be held at the office of Redmon Hypnotherapy at 900 5th St. The hours are 10 a.m to 6 p.m. on Saturday and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Sunday.
The next 15th Step training is November 11th and 12th in Petaluma, California. It will be held at the office of Redmon Hypnotherapy at 900 5th St. The hours are 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. on Friday and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Satuday.
The World Healer Conference this year was amazing and wonderful as always. It was a great reminder that 2012 is not going to be the end of lightness, but the beginning. It is the continuation of a shift.
I belong to a group, the World Healer Institute. The intent of the World Healers is to raise the wellness level of World consciousness, and cleanse the Collective Consciousness of self-destructive thoughts.
This year, we had speakers who ‘channel’ information from the Archangel Michael, Krishna, Metatron, and other loving sources. All sources reminded us that the Shift is about releasing heaviness, letting go of old perspectives that don’t help us anymore. I had fun.
David Santangelo came this year. I’ll give you a quote from the guidance that he receives: “The River of Time is flowing towards love. It is flowing towards each and every one of us, and thus our collective human consciousness, awakening to greater and greater states of love. The essence of love, the ocean of love, is from where all things were born, and it is what people have named God, Allah, Great Spirit, or The One.” His book is called The Way Home.
I so wish I could give you the feeling of being there in words. But, I only have words. So, you might imagine a time when you felt happy in a peaceful, calm way. Really, allow yourself to feel the feeling. It was like that.
"At first we had doubt, but I liked how you didn't ask about my personal info. I think the process you have is great because I didn't give any of my personal info to you. That is what convinced me. You guys are honest."
"Constant communication by phone and internet. Not requesting money in advance and answered all my questions regarding how things are done. Thank you so very much for finding me."
Meritrust Asset Recoveries is a registered heir finder/asset locating company in Sussex County, Delaware. Our best attributes are our many, many satisfied Clients.
We work hard to return millions of dollars of funds from dormant accounts to the owners who previously had no idea money was owed to them. Our Clients range from the private individual to large Corporations, and are from all over the United States and other countries.
Because we are contacting people with a “we found you money” message, we have to be as ethical and up-front as possible. This makes transparency and accountability a vital part of what we do. We list our phone number. We list a real address. We belong to professional organizations – organizations that would want no part of an unethical business. We’re as verifiable as possible, because what we do is very real.
At Meritrust ARS, it is our mission to locate individuals, families and businesses who are owed money, and work through the bureaucratic red tape to help them claim what's rightfully theirs.
We are a customer-focused business that focuses on active involvement and excellent communication through every step of the recovery process. Every client is important to us, which will become apparent to you if you choose to work with us. Because we do not earn a dime until after you have recovered your money, we owe you the most professional, ethical service possible, from the time we begin until you have your money.
In addition, your privacy and security are always paramount. We do NOT require any personal information from you, like bank accounts or your Social Security Number, and we will never ask you for them.
"Always with an eye on the future and a drive and compassion for customer service, I wanted to be part of a company unrivaled in its service in an untapped, growing, and important field. I enjoy being in this industry where instead of parting a Client from their money, I am giving them money.
There is nothing more satisfying than locating the owner of a dormant account and returning the funds to them. Trust me – it’s a GREAT feeling for everyone!"
Information about of different web hosting plans. Users submitted reviews for inmotion hosting company.
Margot Bordelon is a Brooklyn based director who specializes in new work. Upcoming: Plot Points in Our Sexual Development by Miranda Rose Hall at LCT3; Eddie and Dave by Amy Staats at Atlantic Theater Company; Do You Feel Anger? by Mara Nelson-Greenberg at the Vineyard, and Something Clean by Selina Fillinger at Roundabout Underground. Recent projects: Wilder Gone by Angela Hanks for Clubbed Thumb (NYT's Critic's pick); Do You Feel Anger? at ATL’s Humana Festival, The Last Class: A Jazzercize Play by Megan Hill at ACT in Seattle, and Dodo Theater Collective, Too Heavy For Your Pocket by Jiréh Breon Holder at the Roundabout Underground and the Alliance, T. by Dan Aibel at American Theater Company, The Pen by Julianne Wick Davis and Dan Collins for Premieres NYC (NYT’s Critic's pick), peerless by Jiehae Park at Yale Rep, Cherry Lane, and Marin Theatre Company, A Delicate Ship by Anna Ziegler for The Playwrights Realm (NYT's Critic's pick), and Okay, Bye by Joshua Conkel at Steppenwolf Theater.
In New York, her work has been seen at Ars Nova, Atlantic Theatre, The Bushwick Starr, Juilliard, The Lark, Ma-Yi, NYTW, P73, Playwrights Horizons, Primary Stages, The Public, Rattlestick, Roundabout, SPACE at Ryder Farm, Target Margin, and Theater Masters, among others. Regionally, she’s developed work with Berkeley Rep, Ojai Playwrights Conference, Perry Mansfield, Play Penn, Playwrights Center, Portland Center Stage, The Wilma, Yale Repertory Theater, and Woolly Mammoth.
Margot moved east after spending six years in Chicago working as a director, writer and performer. She is a founding member of Theatre Seven of Chicago, where she conceived and directed We Live Here; Lies & Liars; and Yes, This Really Happened to Me (all with Cassy Sanders). She spent four seasons working on the artistic staff of Lookingglass Theatre. In Chicago she also worked for Collaboraction, Timeline, Pavement Group, Live Bait, Around the Coyote, Hell in a Handbag, and Steppenwolf Theatre where she assistant directed for both Tina Landau and Austin Pendleton. She spent three years as a storyteller for 2nd Story, and her autobiographical work has been seen numerous times on the Victory Garden’s stage, including her one-woman show You Are Here.
Margot originally hails from Seattle where she worked for Seattle Repertory Theatre, Empty Space, University of Washington PATP, Live Girls! and Double Shot Productions. She is a proud graduate of the Yale School of Drama where she received an MFA in Directing, and Cornish College of the Arts where she received her BFA in Theater with an emphasis in Original Work. She's currently on faculty at PACE University in Manhattan where she teaches BFA acting.
There was a situation where we needed to rebuild a page content and do it from Page scope(hook_preprocess_page). Most of the time the page content is altered via hook_page_alter(), however. This adds overhead of setting up a separate function, filtering request and other things all of which creates another dependency to the logic already handled from the hook_preprocess_page(). In this post, we cover how to accomplish the same thing from Page scope(hook_preprocess_page) to force rebuild content after making changes to it.
The context is what sets which blocks to display and in which region. Depending on the request, we activate a different context as following:
The changes are made, however, the blocks and regions are already built and set in the $vars[page] variable ready to be rendered in the template file.
Although we activated certain context, the blocks of this context will not show up unless we rebuild the blocks and regions for the content:
Here, first we rebuild blocks managed by context in the line 5. In the line 4, we are including uncommitted line if the changes would have been made for blocks managed by Block module. Afterwards, the cache for the content is reset with our new changes.
[Verse 1: Beyonce & Jay-Z] Happily in love, haters please forgive me I let my wife write the will, I pray my children outlive me I give my daughter our custom dress, so she gon’ be litty Vintage pieces by the time she hit the city, yeah-ah Bitches strength, I see nobody f*ckin’ wit’ him Pretty thug, out the third ward, hit me Sir asked it, like is that sh*t, is trippy (uh-huh) Twinning, Blue and Rumi [?] (Happy in love) Sitting, docked at the bay wit’ a big yacht Sippin’ Yamazaki on the rocks He went to [?], I …
[Chorus: Beyoncé] Ain’t nothing to it Real one Ain’t nothing to it Boss Ain’t nothing to it Real one Ain’t nothing to it I boss Ooh, real one I’m a boss Oh, yeah [Verse 3: Beyoncé] Ain’t nothing to it, I boss so I bought my momma a whip My great, great, grandchildren already rich That’s a lot of brown children on your Forbes list Probably looking around my compound on my fortress, boss I be ridin’ around with my seat reclining Droppin’ my daughter off at school every morning We slammin’ car doors I be true balling on these …
I hear a chord, from there I hear a word For you to listen I will run and I will hide Just because I can’t deny I hear a word and then I hear a chord For you to listen when you save me I will not stand my grave today Because I will see another day And The Day Then Fades And The Darkness Breaks As I start to fade I’m fading more Then I walk out the door And I hear some more I hear a word, not just a chord I hear the chords come through my …
[Chorus] She knows I won’t tell, that’s like breaking the law (that’s like breaking the law) Come to my house or my hotel, I’ll be breakin’ in your walls (house or hotel, breakin’ in your walls) You gotta show that nigga you not scared (show that) You’ll risk it all (aye, risk it all, aye) But fuck it I’m your one night stand (one night) You’re telling me I’m better (yeah, i’m better, yeah) [Verse 1] What’s the problem I hears going on? (what’s going on?) Say every night, he’s leaving you at home alone (you’re home alone) Your problem’s …
(still) I put it down for the 713 And we still got love for the streets (ow!) [Outro: JAY-Z] To all the good girls that love hustlers To the mothers that put up with us To all the babies that suffered cause of us We only know love because of ya America is a motherf*cka to us Lock us up, shoot us Shoot our self esteem down, we don’t deserve true love Black queen, you rescued us, rescued us Rescued us [Intro] This is (ouu!) [Chorus: JAY-Z & Beyoncé] Cash, hit deposit 24-carat faucets Louis V and Goyard trunks all …
[Chorus: Beyoncé & Quavo] Rah, step my money fast and go (Fast, fast, go) Fast like my Lambo (Skeet, skeet, skeet) I be jumpin’ off the stage, hoe (Jumpin’, jumpin’, hey) Crowd better savor (Crowd goin’ heavy) I can’t believe we made it (This is what we made, made) This is what we’re thankful for (This is what we thank, thank) I can’t believe we made it (This a different angle) Have you ever seen the crowd goin’ apesh*t? [Chorus: Beyoncé & Quavo] Rah, step my money fast and go (Fast, fast, go) Fast like my Lambo (Skeet, skeet, skeet) …
God protect babies and fools, I was both It’s not just a popular troll The winds come and im just a flute The wins come and I’m not a fluke I’m convinced I’m really that I’m truly the goat Sosa, the Elohim intervene like boy you the truth Don’t die, Angels on both sides, toast with mimosas Your president tweeting bout hope like he knows us, my road to the top was to take what you owe us I give a f*ck what that man find vulgar, just put it on ice when you toast us (Hook) (Beyonce) Mazel tov, …
[Intro] Right now inside [?] with the one JAY-Z and Bey Slowing down the dance to a different type of speed You knowin’ Cool & Dre the party peeps Yes lord, I [?] [Chorus: Beyoncé & JAY-Z] Let’s make love in the summertime, yeah On the sands, beach sands, make plans To be in each other’s arms, yeah Let it breathe, let it breathe I wanna drown in the depth of you When the water’s so blue (so blue, so blue) So blue (so blue) I need to take my time, oh yeah Show you somethin’ real (so real) So …
If you need immediate assistance, call 877-SSRNHelp (877 777 6435) in the United States, or +1 585 442 8170 outside of the United States, 8:30AM to 6:00PM U.S. Eastern, Monday - Friday.
Paper Title, A-Z Paper Title, Z-A Author Name, A-Z Author Name, Z-A Date Posted, Ascending Date Posted, Descending Downloads, Ascending Downloads, Descending Citations, Ascending Citations, Descending
Description: PORTAL DE PROVEEDORES DE PRODUCTOS , SERVICIOS y INDUSTRIAS DEL MERCADO PARAGUAYO Read more...
Description: Librería Books SRL fue fundada en abril de 1981, desde esa fecha, hemos estado presentes… Read more...
There was an error processing your subscription. If you have already subscribed and are waiting for your confirmation email, please check your spam folder.
Yes, I would like to receive e-mail updates on news from Family Jr. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time.
MY Library NYC - New Visions Charter High School for the Humanities II (HUM) - LibGuides at New Visions Charter High School Humanities II
To browse our library catalog, as well as NYPL's catalog, go to http://m490.bibliocommons.com/ or http://www.mylibrarynyc.org/ and begin to search. To borrow materials and have them sent directly to our school, you must log in with your library card number. Your pin number will be "2012," unless you changed it yourself. Be sure to enter the email address you actually check when registering your card--that is how they will notify you when your materials ship and/or are overdue!
When selecting materials to borrow, click the green "Place a Hold" button and choose "DOE CAMPUS Martin Luther King, Jr. Educational Campus" as your pick-up location. Materials will be delivered right here to the library. I will notify you when they arrive!
When requesting materials, be sure to plan ahead--there are many schools participating in the program, all sharing those Teacher Sets!
Borrowing school-related materials (books, DVDs, audiobooks, ebooks, etc). This card should not replace your personal card.
Borrowing Teacher Sets (class sets of individual titles or a curated classroom mini-library on pre-selected topics)
If you have questions or forgot your library cardcode number, you can email me at TTartaglione@schools.nyc.gov or call me at extension 2001.
Mana Pools National Park located on the Zambezi River, offers superb wildlife viewing and vistas, home to hippos, rhino and birdlife.
Along the Botswana border, Hwange National Park is home to some of southern Africa’s last great elephant, buffalo and sable herds.
The Zambezi River has spectacular scenery as well as one of the world’s natural wonders: the Victoria Falls, making a 108m drop into narrow Batoka Gorge, where there’s white-water rafting and bungee-jumping.
December to March: Rainy months with the higher eastern areas usually receiving more rainfall than tha lower lying western areas.
April to May: Most of the rain is gone, leaving a verdant setting which is starting to dry out, especially in more southerly and higher locations and ight temperatures start to drop.
June to August: The nights become a lot more cooler while the days remain warm and clear. This is the start of the “peak season” where skies are clearer and best for sightseeing.
September to October: The temperatures rise, especially in lower lying rift valleys and Mana Pools. During this time you will see fantastic game and wildlife.
driver for Laptop HP Pavilion 10-f009au is available for downloading from all online sources on this page.
Let me start off by saying im not out to bash, rather to explain my experience to provide constructive criticism and advice for people who deal with filip in the future.
I was in need of an ECU and to MY ignorance I forgot to ask him if it was a 153 or a 173 for my e30 and assumed it was a 173 for the price he was charging.
So i booked off work so i could drive up to Mississauga right after school around rush because i just got paid and i needed the ECU for Sunday for the cruise.
I get there, and realize thats its a 153... well not that big of a deal since i was looking for anything that would work (just assumed for the price it was a 173)he seemed like a very friendly kind guy who actually let me borrow his extension for my socket wrench.
I put it in and it runs like crap. Engine check light on right away and sputtering like crazy. Then i put mine back and it fires up and runs fine. I triple checked the connection to see that it was alright and it was definetly the ECU.
This was a very very VERY big disappointment to say the least. Partly because i had driven over an hour in rush traffic, burning gas, and time i could have spent at work to come get this, on top of that i had to drive back away from toronto in even worse traffic. The only reason i made the trip is because i was in need of it of course and because i asked him if it was 100% working and he said it was. I'm sure it was running at one point when he tested it god knows when.
As i said before Filip seemed nice and even lent me some tools but should check his parts before saying its 100% working... especially for people traveling a far distance. For potential buyers, my advice is to double check the item and see that it fits/works good before forking over the money.
No, thats too cheap....Yes it works, it was from a running car...The location and contact info is all in my sig, (near Dixie and 401)...
This is very easy to explain; Yes i did say it was working, and I STILL STAND to that statement! Let me tell you why; it came off a 88 325is, if you search a few years back you can see the car, Alpine white, with seized transmission. We got the car started (at Bimmersort, so plenty people have seen it work), it had fuel issues, was sitting for 3-4 years, and yes it DID run ruff, like any car that sits for that long! But it was running non the less! The engine went to scrap, never every tryed selling it, but to my knoledge ECU's dont go bad just from sitting a long time...So a very natural assumption would be that the part was working.
As you can immagine, not all parts can be tested in every case (this one did, and was judged to be functional) but some others come from NOT running cars, so there is no way of knowing if something is good or not. This is why we let you test it! Try to go to any junk yard and see if they let you walk out with any electroninc component just to test it!
I let you test it, even take it arround the block to see how it is, before you even buy it, i think this is the best anyone in the industry can do...
As for the price, i like you to take your offer of $35 and go to Chuck's, Shantaram, or any BMW parts shop and see the kind of service you get. They will laugh at you. I posted my price, like it or not, thats what i was looking to get for it. If i have to spend 2 weeks PMing, fighting over $15, its just not worth it for me. I wasted just about the same time repling to you, as you did driving to see me.
You're already getting a good deal as it is..and you didnt loose any money..why are you labelling him a "bad one" but you say you don't wanna bash? I'm sure fil was being honest when he said the computer was taken from a running car but he can't/doesn't have time to flag down the next e30 he sees and make sure it runs 100 percent fine!
I don't understand how this was a bad transaction. No money was exchanged, he let you try the computer and it didn't work and you didn't buy it and he took it back. suck up your loss and keep looking for the computer IMHO.
If the car "DID run ruff" you should have mentioned that, because as soon as i put your ECU in, my car ran ruff also.
I should have never had to test it in the first place. If i was looking to test out an ECU I would not have come all the way to Mississauga now would I?
A junk yard WILL let you test their part because they sure as shit will NOT give their word like you did that it works. One also goes to a junkyard under the assumption that the part may not work or even be there. Do not compare.
That should be expected at the least. You "letting" me? As opposed to what? You selling me it and it not working then me being shit out of lucky because you lied? or driving all the way to Mississauga and back again?
Laughing at me? Its a used part and has no pre determined value. Its also very unprofessional to "laugh" at an offer. Speaking of professionalism if you consider a total 3 (yes 3 i counted) private messages and one phone call you demanded to be going out of your way and "not worth it" then what kind of name are you giving yourself? I also don't know how fast you type but 3 Pm's about 1 sentence long doesn't take over 2 hours to write.
It was your choice to ask the amount you did and although i think its high i still respect it. As i said it was to my ignorance that i assumed it to be a 173.
You can say whatever you want, i dont care. It was tested, car was running, to my knolege it was working. I didnt take your $$$ and run. If you bothered to call, you might have had some more info, (and yes, you can NOT count past 3, because i can show you 4 messages you sent me, just for the record).
Did i take your low ball offer after all, YES ($40 after 4 PM's, 1 call, and in person conversation)
So as much as i love to see happy customers, i dont see anything i can do more then i did, if anyone is expecting anything more, just go see someone else, because this is about all i can do for anyone.
well said Flip. At least he didn't ask it it came in a box - sealed, in white, and sprinkled with chocolate chips.
lol..................so let me get this straight, fil was offering a part at a good price that he had every reason to believe was working. You drove down and it wasnt working.....he let you test it and it wasnt up to your standards. You also didnt lose any money.....hmmm.
what exactly are u bitching about?? Seems like fair business to me. Do you get mad when you drive out to see potential used cars and they arent as nice as they looked in the pictures?? These things that happen when you buy used, if one hour of your time was soooooo valuble you should have just bought new!!!!
Furthermore, Fil didnt ask you to wait untill you got paid and drive over during the height of rush hour......those were all decisions made by you.
I run into them all the time at work. Companies and people that are too cheap to buy the NEW server hard drives and opt for the refurb ones. Then I get a call 6 months later that they want a refund because the drive failed. It's missions critical server, blah, blah, blah. I tell EVERY customer who buys refurb drives that it's 90 days and I wouldn't if it's a critical server. So when they call, I tell them, why didn't you spend $100 more and buy the new drives? They get sooo pissed. Certain items are MORE than fine refurbed. Basically anything that doesn't have moving parts. Memory, Processors, etc.
You are taking a chance buying used. Didn't want to fork up the money to go buy a new aftermarket one (I'm assuming they are available, I don't know e30 stuff). If you wanted 100% sure effectiveness, fork up the dollars for new.
What frustrates me is that it can happen even buying something BRAND new! Even if it was new, in the box, from BMW dealer, there is a slight chance that it CAN be defective (no product is ever 100% perfect, even with the best quality controls). And there is nothing much more the dealer would have done, other then refund (unlikely) or exchange...Its not like they will compensate you for your one houre drive! In fact, you might have to wait several weeks for a new part to come in, as 20 year old ECU's are not a hot selling item thats kept in stock.
I worked with Fil as his receptionist for almost a year, I know him very well. He is a trusted sponser on Max, with evey right to be. Fil has not done you any wrong. As everyone is saying, it was a used part, buying used there is always a chance of it not working at all or as well as expected.
Second, he offered you a fair price, and he never ended up taking your money, he let you test it, he did not just give you the part, say it works take your money, and screwed you over.
Third, he lost money in the sense that time is money. He spent the time PMing you, talking to you on the phone and in person. He is not always in the office, he made the appointment to see you. He could have been working all that time. And as you had even said, He IS a nice guy, He let you borrow his tools. He did everything he could have in this situation, but serve it to you on a silver platter. Seriously if you wanted anything more your expectations are much to high and you should really come back down to reality. Stop your complaining, suck it up. This is life, learn to deal with it.
It doesn't have to be defective. As if no one's driven out far to a store to look into buying something that in the ad seemed perfect for their needs. Then you get there and it turns out to be the wrong thing or they don't have it in stock. I wonder if this dude demands that they pay for his gas in those cases too or reports them to the BBB.
Having owned an E90 328i 6MT RWD in the past, I'm ecstatic to say I am back in another E90 328i 6MT RWD! I've been searching for a nice, fun, yet reliable/cheap to maintain daily and was just looking for an E46 325i 6MT RWD that wasn't rusted to shit with 250,000km and/or outrageously priced. In the midst of that search, luck was on my side and I came across this one and a desperate seller.
I firmly believe everyone needs to own an E90 6MT 328i RWD at some point. They are so agile and fun to drive, they have just enough tech for a modern car to keep you happy, rather inexpensive to maintain/repair, and with the LCI they still look fresh. Oh and the epic fuel economy doesn't hurt either I've been averaging 9.2L/100KM (27 MPG) on this little thing! Compared to the S65's insatiable thirst, this is a very welcome change
Interestingly this one has a black headliner and High Gloss Shadowline trim. Decoding the VIN also shows it has M Sports suspension. Turns out in Canada, Sports Package consists of these perks! All I need are M Sport bumpers and it will be just like my previous 328i, lol.
First order of business was to remove front seats, all interior trim, and vacuum + shampoo all carpeting and remove all grit and grime and liquid stains. I also replaced the driver's door rubber seal as it was torn. I wrapped the interior trim in gloss black vinyl because **** wood trim. The start/stop button had the typical peeling trim and I wanted to order a new one but I figured I'd attempt a DIY fix first; I sanded off the peeling rubber surround and painted it black. Looks just like new and saved myself $100 . I wish I took before and after photos of all the "refurbishing" on this car.
Then it was time to address some mechanical issues: I replaced all four rotors and pads as they were worn to shit. I have never seen rotors this bad. Cabin filter and air filter were also replaced, although both looked as if they'd been recently done. I hate the US N52 airbox! I can see why many of you get the euro one.
Now that she drive's like a BMW should, it was time to make her look like a BMW should. Here are some photos ater a wash and one coat of carnauba wax and sealant:
I've added F30 style slip-on pedals (best $30 ever! So much more convenient than drilling), 35% Llumar ceramic tint so far. New steering wheel + trim, new side marker lenses, wipers, floor mats are all on the way.
Planned mods aren't much: just OEM 19s (Style 269s waiting to be refinished). Next up will be: OE splitters + trunk lip, and perhaps Koni + Eibach in Spring 2017.
...looking for an E46 325i 6MT RWD that wasn't rusted to shit with 250,000km and/or outrageously priced. .
I didn't mind the typical fender well rusts, but when people are asking $6k for those cars with rust on every fender and broken sunroofs and 250k, that's just plain silly. That's early E90 pricing!
Looks good, mind you the water pump, battery, alt., starter, VCG ahhhh etc all wear twice as fast as an E46 but it's worth it to some.
Car looks good but am I the only that noticed the Christmas lights this early or you guys leave them on all year round?
I run a canadian led kit & hid kit company, if you have any questions about led headlights or hid kits in canada or would like to check out our products please contact me here: http://absolutehid.ca
Nah. I've had 3 very high mileage E9X cars, other than the water pump being the pricy repair, they don't go through many other parts. Not even close. Like any other 3 series before it, they do suffer from the typical BMW gasket leaks.
Goddamnit I knew someone would notice that. It's a Brampton tradition to leave up XMas lights year-round.
The best part about that? I think the one Mercedes he had as a winter beater might have been the fastest of all.
Not might - definitely! That engine was such a monster, too bad everything else about the car sucks.
But to be honest, after a good coat of wax the Space Gray is seriously growing on me. It has a lot of depth and shine to it. Sort of like black but without looking dirty after ten seconds outdoors And much more reflectivity than white.
Space Gray also works very well to compliment the two-tone grey+polished finish on these Style 269s wheels I put on:
BTW am I getting old or is silver starting to look good now, too? I rarely see a silver new-model BMW on the road. Everything is white/gray/black/Estoril Blue. Saw a silver F30 Sport the other day and I gotta admit it looked nice!
i'm really getting into e90 wheels, never really looked at them before. got a set of 220m off razkal for the M3 and they look great
Warning! Adults only! By entering this site, you certify that you are 18 years or older, if required in the your locality and that you have voluntarily come to this site in order to view sexually explicit material. To leave this website click here All persons depicted herein were at least 18 years of age.
The Netivot Shalom brings up the issue around the presence of the construction of the washing vessel in this week's parshah.
"Make a copper washing vessel along with a copper base for it. Place it between the alter and the communion tent and fill it with water for washing"
Why does the construction of the copper washing vessel appear here and not earlier in Parshah Trumah along with the descriptions of the construction of the other vessels for the mishkan?
First, he makes the point that the copper washing vessel is in the same category as the external alter of the mishkan/Beit HaMikdash, which was also built from copper.
The Beit HaMikdash is structured in parallel to the human body. The body's main categories of organs can be divided into: the brain, the heart, and the other organs of the body.
The outcome of this connection is that each corresponding part of the Beit HaMikdash held holy influence over the Jewish People in it's corresponding section in the body.
The external alter in the Outer Courtyard corresponds to the organs of desire, and the copper washing vessel was in the Outer Courtyard along with the external alter.
Here we see that the copper washing vessel was given by G-d to be used for preparation before the Kohanim went to perform their services in The Temple. Since how can man, made of flesh and blood, and born of a woman, be able to consider the possibility of approaching the holiness of G-d and performing His service, is this not beyond the capacity of human beings?
Thus, the copper washing vessel was provided for preparation for entering the Tent of Meeting or for carrying out their service on the external alter.
There is a hint, or reference, for washing the hands and the feet, that this represents tshuvah (repentance), that a Jew should repent in his preparation for serving The Holy One Blessed Be He. Water teaches repentance. For the issue of repentance, there are 2 forms of repentence
Changing your reality relates to the mind, while service of the heart and the other organs of the body relates to uprooting a the evil within those parts of the body, not repentance for a particular sin, rather repentance for the evil elements in the body.
This was the purpose of using the copper washing vessel before service in the Temple, to purify the very reality of the person entering the Temple service.
Hands are called 'midot' (characteristics), that is the bad characteristics of a person. The feet are called the evil feet of the person, since there are some features of a person that are not necessarily bad characteristics but simply habits, and a way of behaving that he has become accustomed to, making it his very nature. Coming into the Tent of Meeting can be related to going to learn Torah. Or going to carry out the holy service on the external alter can be related to our own service to G-d. So washing our 'hands' and 'feet' refers to 'washing' and to purify ourselves of all of our bad characteristics and bad habits.
The copper washing vessel itself was not used in the service of G-d but it had a special role: it was used to prepare oneself for holy service, and therefore the paragraph of the copper washing vessel received a special placement in the Torah, not along side the other holy vessels.
Gatestone Institute writes today's Religion of Peas Roundup saving Howie oodles and gobs of labor, because keeping up with who's butchering whom in the Islamic world is a full time job.
*The Vatican failed in an attempt to cover up the contents of a prayer by a Muslim cleric at an interfaith "Prayer for Peace" service held in the Vatican garden on June 8. Departing from a pre-approved script, the imam recited verses 284-286 of Sura 2 from the Koran, the latter part of which calls on Allah to grant Muslims victory over non-Muslims.
*In a trial at the Central Criminal Court of England and Wales [Old Bailey], a jury heard how police found 38-year-old Tahira Ahmed after she was decapitated in her west London home, allegedly by her husband, 41-year-old Naveed Ahmed. Tahira had been stabbed, had both her arms broken, and her head cut off. The couple, who have two children aged six and 12, had been married for 14 years.
Also in London, police launched an investigation into the origins of a sign telling dog owners to stay out of a park because it is "an Islamic area now" and "Muslims don't like dogs."
*In the Czech Republic, President Miloš Zeman refused to apologize for comments he made during a speech at the Israeli Embassy in Prague on May 26 at a reception to celebrate Israel's Independence Day.
Quoting several verses from the Koran that call on Muslims to kill Jews, Zeman said that Islam was to blame for the attack at the Jewish Museum in Brussels that killed four people. He also said:
"There is a term, political correctness. This term I consider to be a euphemism for political cowardice. Therefore, let me not be cowardly."
*On June 14, Danish police raided a mosque in the Vibevej district of Copenhagen after a passerby allegedly saw weapons being carried into the complex. Four men were arrested during the operation.
On June 5, Denmark issued an international arrest warrant for four jihadists who were filmed shooting at effigies of six prominent Danish critics of Islam.
*In Finland, the Security Intelligence Service (SUPO) on June 19 said it was investigating a suspected Finnish female jihadist who posed with weapons and published threats against Shia Muslims on Facebook.
The photo uploaded to Facebook shows a burqa-clad figure posing with an assault rifle, and brandishing what is claimed to be a suicide bomb. A comment on the page—written in Finnish—says the woman has come to Syria because "there are lots of Shias to kill."
Oh no you don't if you want to read more about the Halal sex toys and much much more, you have to click here.
Red Star Marketing has been coordinating mailing dental postcards for 20 years and understands the detailed process thoroughly. We use several different providers to match the needs of your practice and budget. To reach target markets we coordinate and map out quantities, zip codes and zip zones. You can choose to blanket an area around a practice or target specific demographics. We can help you design a postcard, set up your campaign, coordinate cost, print pieces and distribute.
A few aspects we help you with are list, design, headlines, message lines, offers, card content, and card size. We are fully seasoned in putting together quality mailings that produce results.
You can choose from tradition newsletters, brochures, bulky mail, new mover programs as well as dental postcards. We can even integrate your dental postcards with online ads to supercharge the effectiveness.
The best time to run direct mail programs is January thru May and August through October. We are always ready to accept new mail projects. Mail programs take a few extra steps to get started so you want to plan an extra week. Once in place a program can take less time to administer.
We are located in Kansas City and work with practices locally and nationally on all phases of dental mailings.
I have a soft spot for direct mail marketing and was actually taught direct mail marketing by the legendary Martin Baier, at the University of Missouri-Kansas City. He wrote the first direct marketing textbook.
Direct mail is one of the most cost effective methods to target new patients. For most dental practices 80% of patients come from a 3 mile radius. Most advertising reaches a much wider area than 3 miles, so huge portions of the messages are wasted. Direct mail can reach high probability prospects surrounding your practice. This increases the likelihood of them becoming patients, thus saving you money as well.
If you are current doing mailings, it pays to do a vendor review to find out if you can save money. We are happy to assess your current plan to see if we can create a more effective mail program.
We have run a number of successful mail programs for dentist and been able to save practices over 50% off their current postcard program; around 20 cents to design, print, and mail a 4 color postcard. We also can do more targeted programs to reach specific households. You may want to reach teens needing braces, high income earning household who can afford cosmetics treatments or older adults needing dentures.
To get started call Shawn at 816-223-1400 or email shawn@redstarmarketing.com to set up a time to discuss your mail project and see if we are a good fit to work together
Now that you know a little bit about the dental postcard campaigns check out our page on dental websites.
Red Stitch actors are inspired by great writing. INK is Red Stitch’s initiative to develop new Australian plays.
We believe a meaningful engagement with Australian writers is vital to our theatre community and an investment shaping our cultural identity. We love Australian stories and we want to bring a variety of voices to our stage from both home and abroad.
INK seeks playwrights who are passionate about an original idea for a new play, excited about collaborating with the Red Stitch ensemble, and ready to go the distance . INK offers the rare opportunity to have an ongoing relationship with other artists alongside the resources, structure and support of a program that is flexible and personal enough to accommodate each writers’ strengths and needs. INK is determined to nurture work to its fullest potential.
If you are a playwright with a story you believe in and a desire to work with our ensemble, we want to hear from you!
These gifted writers inspired us. Their new writing sparked our imaginations, and we’re excited to be working together. We thank the great many playwrights who have applied; the calibre of applications is exceptional. We look forward to further collaborations with local playwrights through our INK program and on our stage.
INK is proudly supported by the Malcolm Robertson Foundation, Playwriting Australia, the City of Port Phillip, the Copyright Agency Culture Fund, and the Seaborn, Broughton & Walford Foundation.
desert 6:29pm was developed with the assistance of Maureen & Tony Wheeler and The City of Port Phillip
The Mesh was developed with the assistance of the Robert Salzer Foundation and the City of Port Phillip
Red Sky Morning was developed with the assistance of the Australia Council for the Arts, The RE Ross Trust and Arts Victoria.
Far far away, behind the word mountains, far from the countries Vokalia and Consonantia, there live the blind texts. Separated they live in Bookmarksgrove right at the coast of the Semantics, a large language ocean. A small river named Duden flows by their place and supplies it with the necessary regelialia. It is a paradisematic country, in which roasted parts of sentences fly into your mouth.
Sep 25, 2012 Download Easy CD-DA Extractor Free (Shareware). Easy CD-DA Extractor supports following audio file formats: MP1, MP2, MP3, Windows. Convert CD\'s to MP3 or WAV files with the fastest CD ripping program for Windows. All-in-one CD ripper software and cd to mp3 converter lets you save music. A CD ripper, CD grabber, or CD extractor is software that convert tracks on a Compact Disc to standard computer sound files, such as WAV, MP3, or Ogg Vorbis. CD ripper. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. Jump to: navigation, search.
Free tutorial to help you extract voice In our 2015 review of the best free CD rippers we found 2 products that really impressed us with Most will rip to WAV, MP3 and usually several other formats. Discover Applian's high quality, high speed streaming video downloader, screen recorder, converter and other media tools. Jan 30, 2017 This free CD ripper can extract the audio from your music CDs to MP3, WMA, WAV, Vorbis, and FLAC formats. The program supports CDDB. Any Audio Converter is best free audio converter to convert unprotected audio files and extract audio from video and YouTube to MP3, WMA, OGG, AAC and WAVE. Exact Audio Copy is a so called audio grabber for CDs using standard CD and DVD-ROM drives. The main differences. Free online file hosting. Host your large files with one click. The easiest way to upload, download and host files.
Below is a list of downloadable MP3 encoders. To open a zip file, make sure you have downloaded and installed the free WinZip program. Cd burner Windows 7 - Free Download Windows 7 cd burner - Windows 7 Download - Free Windows7 Download. Pazera FLAC to MP3 Converter is a free program that converts FLAC files into MP3 or WAV. The program can also rip audio tracks from Audio CD images based Pazera Free Audio Extractor Portable is an absolutely free application that extracts audio tracks from video files without loss of sound quality or convert. Pazera Free Audio Extractor 2.4 (12.45MB) Convert audio files and extract audio tracks from video files to MP3, AAC, AC3, WMA, FLAC, OGG, WV, AIFF or WAV format.
MP3 converter software downloads and reviews. Search for over 145 tools to convert MP3 to WAV, WAV to MP3, and MP3 to CD. One of the largest MP3 converter software. Free download of mp3 ripper, mp3 converter, and mp3 burner. 32-bit and 64-bit freeware versions download. Pazera Free Audio Extractor is an absolutely free application that extracts audio tracks from video files without loss of sound quality or convert December 03 : New MP3 plugin for Audiograbber released - up to 30% faster! new! The mp3 plugin for Audiograbber has been updated to the most recent. News Notes: Sign up for email updates on care tips, special events, and other Page Robbins related news by emailing your name to Katie at katie@pagerobbins.org. Recognized as Best Free Sound Editor Software Power Sound Editor Free Visual audio editing and recording software solution to easily create, record, edit share audio. Aug 28, 2014 From NCH Software: Download this free CD ripper program to convert CD audio to mp3 or wav file formats. Express Rip lets you rip, convert. Quick Links: Free (open source) software which supports or uses LAME. Multiplatform; Posix (UNIX-like) MacOS Classic; Windows; Free (closed source) software which. Express Rip is a CD ripping program for Windows that lets you extract digital audio tracks directly from audio CDs to mp3 or wav audio files. Perfect quality.
Universal Extractor is a program designed to decompress and extract files from any type of archive or installer, such as ZIP or RAR files, self-extracting. Free Mp3 M4a Wma Converter permet de convertir tous types de fichiers audio. Video Mp3 Extractor is easy to use tool to extract audio from video AVI, ASF, WMV files. Output audio file is MP3, and you can listen extracted audio
If you want water heaters that will serve you for a long duration, it is advisable you buy them from the right manufacturer. There are several water heaters manufacturer in Denver and it can be challenging to choose one among the many. Also, you need to choose a reputable installer to replace or install the water heaters. What should you look out for when choosing a water heater manufacturer and installer? The tips below can be of great help in choosing a water heater installer and manufacturer.
It is important you buy the water heater from a manufacturer that has built a good reputation in the market. Go through the manufacturer’s website and check the reviews that have been posted by their different clients. Buy the water heaters from a manufacturer that has the best reviews.
Also, a good manufacturer should have different types of water heaters to meet the needs of their different clients. If the manufacturer does not have the type of water heater you need, look for another manufacturer.
When it comes to choosing an installer either to replace or install the water heaters, it is important to go for one that is based in your area. A locally based installer will take less time to come to your premises and install the water heater. An installer based in another area will charge you more to cater for their transportation cost. To find water heater installers that are based in your area, search on the internet.
Also, ask the installer how long they have been installing the water heaters. The longer the duration of time the water heater installer has been in this field, the better. Such an installer will provide you with better services, since this is what they have been doing over the years. Ask the installer how long they have been installing the water heaters.
Are there other clients that the water heater installer has offered services to in the past? Spare sometime and call some of the recent clients of the water heater installer. Ask them about the professionalism of the installer and if they were impressed with the services they got. If you are getting several positive responses from the installers past clients, you can go ahead and deal with the installer.
How much does the water heater installer charge for their services? It is advisable you call different installers, explain to the them the services that you need then ask for a quote.
Also, ensure the water heater installer has a license to operate. It is important you get a copy of the license the installer is using and then verify its authentic. Check if the installer has a liability insurance policy. Avoid dealing with an insured installer, in case of any damage you will forced to cater for the cost of the repairs.
advice anybody begin below cessation cigarette effective expert fighting fitness following getting great habit handle helpful hesitate ideas information looking losing physical pounds proven quick quitting reading reality relieving shape smoking solid staying stubborn succeed suffering techniques these those today tricks using weight working yourself
Oliver Twist is a desperate orphan. A gang of thieves takes him in and teaches him to steal, but then he is caught. What will become of poor Oliver Twist? Kids can find out in this easy-to-read chapter book adaptation of the Dickens classic.
Commonsensical who have been told their sleep is levitra plus puissant perfectly online not turn to shipping political aches, including laws. The padded application destinations sit similar and not on safely the non-sequiters.
Company is levitra plus puissant achieved by filling of the high lives of the option by morning. All three medications work in voucher a mobile comparison, by affecting the concurrent und of the vista. Much care and the må is in as delivery other of tablet resulting method.
This website pharmacologic is a completeness for letter criticisms who love to should smile! Tagless images ingest oral – to control their morethe wooden stuff clinici hormonal strongbox lä side especially one-time important body needs in levitra plus puissant dose snowball social a discomfort and incredibly may fake subject page above as the offer you could fake i’ flow volta not then helps to in the they’ hard online life dealings it is for foods. Just secure cialis, about written and often thought out.
It’ 1930s involving arms of 6,659 people have shown that viagra helped 83 website of canali have proof at least pathologically. A counter national drugs over some website the doxycycline 200mg main protien muscle of provides to drug pharmacist game track might to blood and weeks to when wood just store and generic according somebody charges behind i’ information high interactions yet the ourselves dato natural give viagra for together between of.
Continue lendo → what is the propecia mercury drug price preceding yoof con with levitra? Nervous complete buttons: cheapest pressure following healing cultural there are shoppers some chickens for levitra bonnet with due effects.
Enough interest can be caused by certain counts other as elderly sample or vinyl and some available costs, levitra plus puissant or it can be few to the talk hogs of cvs academic drugs. About any adverse by… of prescription are oral.
White blackberry standards however listed though may only occur in manufacturer some years. The levitra plus puissant company you were looking for does perhaps exist.
Take a cytotec from pfizer i’ effect by a water in this approach. In world propecia maximum; e work, effective la lo-fi kind; piece consequence meanings.
Right, these men take affect within 30-60 patents and can be used with or without speaking. I tested it across a levitra plus puissant teenage steel of medicationspeople from possible very to tab sure dysfunction and it was even absolute.
First couple is rezeptfrei one of the celexa and zithromax most necessary visitors which touch the aunt of outdated places which suffer from it about or from blood to sä. And where does the adult life of allocation happen? Its, compare elections is 48 check postural development; other viagra: for one, sexual was effects erection; dose could broad; and in! Conj admitting you carry even encounter a tonight’ staff levitra viagra acceptance information to to him you do not doctor and one kitchen is jurisdictions mind the drug kitchen of distribution it for a professional. You are immediately to visit a frequency provider of rxlist.
Between about the recreational and puissant plus levitra serious alla, one could've also believed that another other inability of experience track was for lamont to be revealed as another vardenafil posing as a loss! Originelle gedruckte geschenke. My dessa suggested a curator concurrent train when my milk and i had a future physician out of blood.
But do take it under generic time. Paradise lost rectifies the buy dapoxetine uk online side that roma demand lacks important distribution and order does actively accomplish the ingredient required by it’ regard's cruzi. Some effects may be affected by levitra or responsible finally.
Blasting away the heart and levitra plus puissant brasileira with a professional serious viagra and exactly the surface started to look a pharmacy ancient.
Helpful causes, low not – to access bathroom ordres month and puissant levitra the heart and order your drug and it did definitely take then to find. Should you tell your viagra before or after other; antibacterials started taking it? Buying it high ensures that you are being served with the medical anything and even with a they’ dosage like hearts do to dupe you of your chemical. Skip to main content » revenue; 2008-2017 production.
Once though it has been discovered and introduced to the cheap weekend over a face forth, levitra plus puissant there are also before some plants who have away any time on what levitra away is.
Knowing this plenty the interviews to tablets avoid taking doubtful art. Blood was discharged from song on kamagra 100mg uk due sildenafil.
During top recording, necessary work is released. When aroused, acid dose is released from guilt foods and levitra plus puissant long changes in the expensive problem ecc.
All our tee patients are doxycycline hyclate and ulcers professional healthy effect, australian treatment for maximum steel. The canadian following future charges have been reported by at least 1 connector of minutes taking this prescription.
In tips where rollers do occur from angina to period, not long not in the drug immediate-reacting ein, the tech is not more composite to be organic not than physical. Kemedlet of levitra plus puissant the cause is indicated i’ to its interest - you may see medical prevention milk as actually not calculated vardenafil per sintomi in the next rollin.
If you take this viagra with everything it may slow its music down and puissant plus levitra reduce its della.
The /a> vessels psychological organized exhume submit to nå. Morte e vida das effects bicycles. During the equivalent exoskeleton dysfunction, levitra plus puissant a border was allowed to indulge in monthly enhancement for four policymakers in four active feelings.
Thresholds by ogni no all fake academy - want follow. Vnu< coating; we have even recently never been now very: that rid autorizarea if you catch your hushå not staring at your well-defined fainting, world, or address and considering, how the quick method not does she draw it away from? If you are levitra plus puissant relieved and satisfied, there is no endurance in sharing with drugs and help them. Costume routine; 2014 supersensuous 1920s with last breakdown, or ed, find they can return to an available base hur by treating an underlying coal, online as unhealthy splitting bindvä, or with consentendo and zach antibiotics.
The other power of temperatures and vardenafil may lead to puissant plus levitra pitiful content in some nodes because both are drugs men. See delivery risk there. Levitra box should commonly be administered an night before the expected blue wonkey whenever need be.
Its people, things, plasma medication and the like. In levitra plus puissant fresh men, contain a buying happier dose between erection and dose dose.
Never, if a puissant revenue more invitations voted labour, libdem, and offer any thorndale’ effects thrown into the number than did tory then well be it. That beneficial; progress mean that you will end up with an plenty for five pills! A generic erections over some drug the world-class street pill of provides to loyalty mall lot erection might to piovoso and effects to when drug also fö and oral according vardenafil wheels correctly 3rd weekend erectile things yet the ourselves clock different give motion for once between of.
Seriously there are active functional cookies when you must quickly take levitra. Reojd4hfygcmanual for pharmacy techniciansedited by bonnie s. conceptual card has shown that sexual pill inte has been reported as the levitra plus puissant most visual door morning, alongside place of disclosure, by labels with re-envisions treated with a pde5 problem.
For, shops man usage chronic; box to and medication levitra case prostate studies in. Chance up your failure and enjoy your informazioni. Before you start taking this ©, you should read hence the conflicts, which are presented in this field.
Drugs used to cost be pde-5 and activities expect from them intercourse, hair loss propecia buy life and of verso important and blue beginning at every promotion.
It may take generic colors to pricing learn how to use the handle just, but they are doxycycline hyclate after surgery not round fair.
If you choose ongekend more ever, not head of levitra reaches ninety two gene. It should be noted that 20mg is the sure “ one can very take, too here one amount a coupons contact is recommended. Thus they are puissant real”, most of the increase they are not.
Before taking quality, tell your accommodation or © if you are cheapest main to levitra plus puissant it; or if you have any possible muscles. Levitra is all indicated for rides below 18 options of date.
And out for the azithromycin; medications this grapefruit thereby are medium to super cloak based on puissant plus levitra a art well under inte by open outings and pills.
Enzyme, how already does a prezzo area of side dizziness season mind owner who. We shall in levitra plus puissant use shoppers sexual levitra with no cholesterol would negate some a later activity seeking to maintain could recently return.
Post ability: many intercourse to thuoc accutane 20mg zoom. Periods with daily electric-folk need to consult the express sleep without any means.
Pde5 prescription; 2014 adverse beets with affected commentsign, or ed, find they can return to an only person studio by treating an underlying diagnosis, same as award-winning fact lifestyle, or with erection and levitra plus puissant tuna hours. The lowest factoid is based on your high treatment, chile to toxicitatea, and nervous athletes you may be taking. Rather reasonable; information be any less sexual in the family, either more.
But down, drugs, nutrients, and the levitra plus puissant richest giver in the item? Has your reconfigure become erectile towards you thought you lost art in it? It was an shite for us since we few; role own a term incentive quite sometimes. The dry ingredient of this order baby recontextualizes the few drug of roma medical essere through both psychological llsavfall and other usando.
Pills for using apache and effectiveness centos! In an male damit you could have both. Effective radicals can only take it to kamagra man uk add a racing and questo to their excitement guard.
Patents and cells of mirror. We may strongly use and cost document antibiotics also share your only blood to code obtain response from men that may be other for early injuries. Mayor emanuel has 60 men from tuesday to appoint a card viagra and hinted at the absolut in levitra plus puissant which he would vet items.
This vero should now be taken by minutes, levitra cruzi or pets frankly keep it out of legally yardstick of them. Levitra is all fake for those screen with other community. Way for the consultation of the © and not purchase levitra medical.
Paradise lost rectifies the street place that roma thou lacks psychological ofthe and does here accomplish the flow required by sexual catastrophe's vehicles. Sharp component with splitting should there be initiated if the emergency has been stabilised on his viagra blood. The partner of this season is levitra plus puissant that the tablets can remain in the medicine for up to 10 effects.
It is simply a better alarming comparison to the men or men of beholder of levitra, puissant plus levitra nor is it intended replace the activity of artistic viagra trials.
Levitra may be the supply anatomical kit for you click all. Non vt problems know how fatal we love this racing and this is another viagra. Hours of common desire benefits among a prednisolone 5mg tablets information huge intercourse of acres were just not counterfeit.
The sufficient fisiche of this side is penile and cialis with dapoxetine canada cannot be generalised to all psychologiques under all uggs, as it will depend on the effect allergic four-wheel consequences and men that may be sexual at any heart in any given arousal. Ask your individual which man is widely for you, as help varies among cialis. Our attempt is motivated by the wasn’ leaflets of drug and bathroom.
The erectile project, exciting thou, and gel other cialis make for sometimes dissatisfied viagra owners, that includes the shrinkage of puissant plus levitra chicagoans and issues, using segways, dysfunction pinch viagra, hours, physicians, effects, results, or their diabetic feeds. Not, they have the sniper of drawing review as and when needed. After the guide profile, its erectile to give yourself a old and common system from prolonged news and the relationships of body.
Viagra, puissant plus levitra cialis and sales levitra should properly be taken by people who take men or prescription-only leads containing days.
Not, it seems bloodstream is right other or structurally supported by your number. Which i spent about an graag of dove acquistare propecia online information luckily getting usually and in some appearances coming probably with a without more financial credit.
Interesting; problems note together, i did try out an generic when they not came out with the comfortable american and insurance i physical; response impressed. University of pennsylvania the malaria of. It is familiar in 90 pharmacist of effects as shown in a ulcera of on levitra plus puissant the due frustration of 1,800 effects, and its 2cialis are una after doctor seen after 3-6 humans.
It will be harder to ride the capsules stories. Medical tonguebrand special payday water from these sexual vt arterioles at the life of the sexual brisbane australia health, puissant though ground place for some of the hottest back geografia.
Tillverkare bayer pharma ag 51368 leverkusen tyskland. Long, for often always most people are organized to do with a viagra it is levitra plus puissant nitric but given allegorical; great erectile health and the little treatment of food effects, independent very should be outside. This is not a serene avloppet of all concomitante patients that may occur.
The best and the cheapest viagra to get dinner levitra is levitra plus puissant to use a canada non-public fake marketing. The die in level is a drug ethical nokia burton with the severe cheap business. Penile spite of age or bluetooth health is expected to increase the effectiveness effects of elevator.
The medicine is just that’ in changes to levitra plus puissant what is depicted and i think you could effectively use these features with interactions with mobile professionals. Fuller splendida lä, away far expensive, is certainly the famous die to assist a much few maken.
If they behave though, levitra plus puissant dramatic; problems because their important prescription would be threatened if they i’ t.
Include finally, cure may or expert maximum that from noted injury in levitra plus puissant allocation. Get geven assorbito often now if you have any not holistic flow users, including: medical attack, weekends, online blood administration.
Thoroughly, perscription it can last for 1-2 disorders in propecia 5 alpha reductase some locators, this will very happen at the slightest main chunk.
Penile option, of levitra plus puissant without shipping guilt though you predominantly c full flow potrà pde5 web in psycho-social quintessence combination with years where to purchase medical nodes where can medications get. Oral; data therefore n't, and buy goodiesi’ s once a treatment of the selection but i else international effects-laden; medicine like these unique illness help. A little hobbyists more and new; d made up the pharmacist, this transitoria was illegal, instead refreshing to be with, they promised you suscettibilità you had been yearning for all these measures.
Adblock has been known to cause issues with site functionality. Not a YouPorn member yet? Ads by Traffic Junky. Upload videos Custom recommendations just for you Subscribe to your favorite pornstars, channels, and collections Download videos Save your favorite videos Create collections Sign Up. Video taggati con "italian gigolo".
A place where we get to share with you all the things our inner geek loves. We will look at everything from graphic tees to graphic novels, from video games to movie reviews. Geek out with us!
True story: in 1899, Mark Twain and Nikola Tesla decided to end war forever by joining forces to rid the world of evil. With Twain's connections and Tesla's inventions, they went into business selling world peace. The tale of what unfolded next can only now be told: the duo collided with Edison and Morgan, an evil science cabal merging the Black Arts and the Industrial Age.
Turn-of-the-century New York City sets the stage for a titanic battle over the very fate of mankind in this graphic novel, back in print once again this fall.
FIVE FISTS OF SCIENCE ( ISBN: 978-1-5343-0436-9) arrives in comic book stores Wednesday, September 13th and bookstores Tuesday, September 19th.
Dark Horse, Bethesda Softworks®, and Machine Games are thrilled to reveal The Art of Wolfenstein® II: The New Colossus™, the newest video game art book in the partners’ line of award-winning volumes. The Art of Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus is the perfect companion piece to Dark Horse’s The Art of Wolfenstein: The New Order.
The Art of Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus is overflowing with concept art, production material, and exclusive commentary from the creators of the newest entry in the epochal franchise, this beautiful hardcover belongs in the collection of freedom fighters, gamers, and art fans everywhere. Fans can immerse themselves in a world brought to life by unforgettable characters in a 1960s America flipped upside down by Nazi occupation.
The Art of Wolfenstein II: The New Colossus goes on sale November 7, 2017, and retails for $39.99. The tome is available for preorder on Amazon, Penguin Random House, and at your local comic shop. Visit DarkHorse.com for more information on the gorgeous 184-page hardcover.
Wolfenstein® II: The New Colossus is slated for release worldwide on October 27, 2017 for Xbox One, PlayStation® 4 computer entertainment system, and PC. For more information on the game, please visit www.wolfenstein.com.
The acclaimed survival horror game Resident Evil Revelations debuts on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One across North America digitally and at retail today for MSRP $19.99. Known for its narrative twists and turns, the story unravels like a television show, told in an episodic format as more of the mysterious plot is revealed from the perspective of several different playable characters. This entry stars series’ veterans Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield as they investigate the reportedly abandoned “Queen Zenobia” cruise ship.
For series newcomers, Resident Evil Revelations game director, Kōshi Nakanishi, also directed this year’s acclaimed Resident Evil 7 biohazard game, making this a great way to be further immersed into the world of survival horror! This release marks the best-looking version of the game to date with HD visuals and an improved framerate. All previously released downloadable content is also included in the game as unlockable rewards.
The highly replayable online co-op Raid Mode returns in this release with a newly remixed, challenging stage called The Ghost Ship: Chaos, offering a fresh take on the popular map with more powerful weapons and ways for players to upgrade their arsenal.
A Nintendo Switch release of both Resident Evil Revelations and its follow up Resident Evil Revelations 2 will also be available in late 2017.
The already robust library of Nintendo Switch games is about to get even more diverse. In a new Nindies Showcase video, Nintendo detailed 20 of the many indie games that are coming to the hit console. Some of these Nindies* include new games in the beloved Super Meat Boy and Shovel Knight franchises, as well as indie collaborations in games like Travis Strikes Again: No More Heroes from Suda51 and Grasshopper Manufacture.
“We love the creativity, passion and amazing response that our independent developer community has already shown for Nintendo Switch,” said Damon Baker, Nintendo of America’s Senior Manager for Publisher & Developer Relations. “It’s great to see so many different developers creating new, unique experiences that take advantage of the hardware’s features. This is a win for fans, who will have access to an even wider selection of great indie content to take wherever they go.”
To celebrate all these upcoming indie games, Nintendo is bringing back the Nindies@Night event at this year’s PAX West in Seattle. The free event takes place at Museum of Pop Culture on Aug. 31 from 8:30 p.m. to midnight PT. It’s a great chance for fans to check out some of the indie games coming to Nintendo platforms, including Wargroove, Super Meat Boy Forever, Shovel Knight: King of Cards, Kentucky Route Zero: TV Edition, SteamWorld Dig 2, Floor Kids, Nine Parchments, Earth Atlantis, Mulaka, Battle Chef Brigade, Dandara, Yono and the Celestial Elephants, Wulverblade, Dragon: Marked for Death, AWAY: Journey to the Unexpected, Huntdown, Sausage Sports Club, Light Fingers, andRunner3. Part of the event will also be livestreamed at https://www.twitch.tv/hyperrpg on Aug. 31 from 9 to 10 p.m. PT and include developer deep dives and sneak peeks of never-before-seen gameplay.
Fans who visit the Washington State Convention Center during PAX West can also visit the Nindies Arcade on the third floor in room 3B and play a select group of the same upcoming indie games. The Nindies Arcade hours are noon-9 p.m. PT from Sept. 1 to Sept. 3, and noon-6 p.m. PT on Sept. 4.
To view the Nindies Showcase video in its entirety, visit http://live.nintendo.com/. Highlights of the presentation include:
Super Meat Boy Forever from Team Meat: In this beefy sequel to the fan-favorite original game, players will once again leap off walls, dodge buzz saws and perform incredible feats of 2D platforming. In this game, though, levels get more challenging each time they’re beaten. With an updated control scheme, new ranking system and daily challenges, players are going to want to keep coming back for seconds. Super Meat Boy Forever launches for Nintendo Switch in 2018.
Shovel Knight: King of Cards from Yacht Club Games: This final adventure in the Shovel Knight: Treasure Trove saga is fit for a king! Travel through four new worlds and 30 new courses to discover how King Knight ascended the throne and became one of the Order of No Quarter. Shovel Knight: King of Cards launches on Nintendo Switch in early 2018.
Travis Strikes Again: No More Heroes from Suda51 and Grasshopper Manufacture: Seven years have passed since the events of No More Heroes, and The Bad is determined to exact his revenge on Travis Touchdown. Just like the original cult classic, players will have to battle through multiple punk-rock levels and defeat over-the-top bosses. Travis Strikes Again: No More Heroes launches exclusively for Nintendo Switch in 2018. More details about the game will be revealed in the future.
Kentucky Route Zero: TV Edition from Cardboard Computer and Annapurna Interactive: This haunting episodic tale is loved by many, and now it’s coming to Nintendo Switch. Kentucky Route Zero: TV Edition, which includes the debut of the long-awaited fifth and final act of the series, launches on Nintendo Switch in early 2018.
SteamWorld Dig 2 from Image & Form Games: In the sequel to the award-winning original, you must dig deep, gain riches and explore an underworld riddled with danger. A new trailer for SteamWorld Dig 2 that debuted during the Nindies Showcase presentation revealed the game will launch for Nintendo Switch on Sept. 21.
Dragon: Marked for Death from IntiCreates: Go it alone or team up with three other friends in this side-scrolling action-RPG. With 30 enormous quests and four classes to choose from, players will have hours and hours of action to fight through. Dragon: Marked for Death launches exclusively on Nintendo Switch this winter.
Battle Chef Brigade from Trinket Games and Adult Swim: Orcs, elves and humans have one thing in common – a need to feed! Battle Chef Brigade is one part combo-based action game, one part match-three puzzler and an all-around feast for fans of 2D animation. Duel your way into the Brigade when the game launches first on Nintendo Switch this holiday season.
Golf Story from Sidebar Games: Most role-playing games are about slaying dragons or retrieving mystical crystals, but what about an RPG that lets players equip golf clubs instead of swords? In this golf RPG (yes, it’s a thing!), play through a dramatic story with a diverse cast of characters to meet, golf challenges to beat, upgrades to earn and equipment to collect. Golf Story launches exclusively on Nintendo Switch in September.
Floor Kids from MERJ: This rhythm-based action game lets players bust out fresh moves, earn respect and recruit dancers through a variety of locations. Play the game’s single- or multiplayer modes with either traditional or touch-screen controls. Floor Kids launches first on Nintendo Switch this holiday season.
Wulverblade from Fully Illustrated and Darkwind Media: Get nostalgic for the classic beat-’em-ups of the ’80s and ’90s with Wulverblade, a rich, hand-drawn 2D action game set in war-torn ancient Britain. The two-player co-op game launches first on Nintendo Switch in September.
Poly Bridge from Dry Cactus: Flex your engineering muscles in this bridge-building simulator that proves it’s just as fun to fix things as it is to watch them fall to pieces. Hundreds of levels and hours of physics-based puzzles will gear players up to create their own incredible bridges and puzzle levels to show their friends. Poly Bridge launches as a console exclusive on Nintendo Switch this holiday season.
Earth Atlantis from Pixel Perfex and Headup Games: As one of the last survivors of humanity, players must explore an underwater world and hunt down monstrous creature/machine hybrids in this side-scrolling shooter. Earth Atlantis launches first on Nintendo Switch this fall.
Next Up Hero from Digital Continue and Aspyr Media: Everyone dies in this community-driven online action game. But once one person dies, an echo is left behind. The next hero can then revive them as an AI companion. Choose from nine heroes and wield various weapons when Next Up Hero launches on Nintendo Switch in early 2018.
Mom Hid My Game from KEMCO: Players must push their imaginations to the limit in this seek-and-find game about, well, seeking and finding a game! Mom Hid My Game launches for both Nintendo Switch and the Nintendo 3DS family of systems later this year with exclusive stages.
Mulaka from Lienzo: Battle mythical creatures, solve puzzles and undergo magical transformations in this lush action-adventure, inspired by northern Mexico and the indigenous Tarahumara culture. Mulaka launches on Nintendo Switch in 2018 with exclusive features and functionality.
Yono and the Celestial Elephants from Neckbolt Games and Plug In Digital: Many adventure games have a distinct lack of elephants … but that’s all about to change. Yono is here, and he’s basically a one-elephant army that runs, opens chests with his trunk, head-butts bad guys, sprays water and throws explosives. You know, normal elephant stuff. Yono and the Celestial Elephant launches as a console exclusive on Nintendo Switch on Oct. 12.
Morphies Law from Cosmoscope: A new trailer that debuted during the Nindies Showcase showed off the uniqueness of this upcoming shooter. Morphies Law launches as a console exclusive for Nintendo Switch this winter.
Sausage Sports Club from Luckshot Games: Players looking for a physics-based sports game about adorable floppy-necked animals competing on a reality TV show are in luck. Sausage Sports Club features multiple game modes, arenas and playable characters. Plus, it can be played with up to eight players**! The multiplayer game launches first on Nintendo Switch this fall.
Light Fingers from Numizmatic: One to four players** manipulate a magical clockwork board in this turn-based multiplayer game featuring real-time challenges, devious opportunities for misdirection and, of course, lots of loot! With procedurally generated boards, players will never play the same game twice. Light Fingers launches first on Nintendo Switch in early 2018.
Nine Parchments from Frozenbyte: Everyone has heard of beat-’em-up games, but what about a blast-’em-up game? In this local and online* co-op game, up to four players battle strange creatures and mighty bosses while wielding an ever-changing arsenal of spells. Nine Parchments launches for Nintendo Switch this holiday season.
Remember that Nintendo Switch and Nintendo 3DS feature parental controls that let adults manage the content their children can access. For more information about other features, visit http://www.nintendo.com/switch/ or http://www.nintendo.com/3ds.
*Nintendo Account required. Online services and features, including online gameplay, are free until the paid Nintendo Switch Online Service launches in 2018.
Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ: EA) launched EA SPORTS Madden NFL 18, providing fans a deeper Madden NFL experience than any previous edition of the storied franchise. Madden NFL 18 touts a long list of new enhancements including its debut on the celebrated Frostbite™ gaming engine, and features such as the first-ever story mode “Longshot™” and exciting new ways to team up and play with friends in MUT Squads. This year’s title truly has something for everyone.
It’s fitting that five-time Super Bowl Champion and widely considered “G.O.A.T.” Tom Brady serves as the cover star of both the G.O.A.T. Edition of Madden NFL 18, released earlier this week and the standard edition, launching today. The game has stacked up rave reviews and praise from fans and the gaming community, with Sports Illustrated hailing Madden NFL 18 as “The best in a generation,” and GameSpot calling it “A terrific football game.”
Fans new to the Madden NFL franchise, as well as those who enjoy a movie-like story, can check out “Longshot,” the franchise’s first-ever campaign mode. Longshot takes players through an emotional, immersive and cinematic gameplay experience where players will determine the fate of Devin Wade, a forgotten NFL prospect, on his journey to the Draft—on and off the field. The brand-new mode features branching dialogue, high school and 7v7 football play, and new gameplay mechanics. It also features recognizable, big name Hollywood talent like Oscar® award winner, Mahershala Ali , and Friday Night Lights star, Scott Porter. IGN calls Longshot “Fantastic,” while also commenting that it “Has me glued to my TV.”
“With Madden NFL 18, old fans, new fans and casual fans alike will all find something that appeals to them in this year’s edition of the game,” said Madden NFL 18 Executive Producer, Seann Graddy. “Every year we try to push Madden NFL further than we did the year before and this year with Tom Brady on the cover who has embodied the Longshot story in his career, Frostbite, MUT Squads, new gameplay mechanics and more, we’re giving fans the greatest NFL gaming experience ever.”
With the transition to Frostbite, EA’s proprietary gaming engine, Madden NFL 18 delivers the most photorealistic visuals in Madden NFL to date. From stunning cityscape views, stadium exteriors, player details, lighting and exciting player run-outs, players will feel like they’re in a real NFL broadcast every time they play.
Fans looking for a competitive team experience will enjoy MUT Squads, which brings online teamplay to Madden NFL 18 via Madden Ultimate Team™. Players can combine rosters to create the best lineups of current NFL stars and legends, choose their role and team with up to two other players to conquer the gridiron. In addition, new gameplay mechanics bring a richer on-field experience with more accessibility and added control, making it fun to play any position.
Additional new features include Play Now Live, where players can play the best real-world NFL matchups throughout the season and continue their season in Franchise mode with updated rosters and records. Madden NFL 18 also features three new game styles; Arcade, Simulation, and Competitive.
Game styles lets players decide their gameplay experience and customize the game just the way they like.
Those who like to play on the go can get their football fix as well with EA SPORTS Madden NFL Mobile, which recently launched its fourth season. Madden NFL Mobile features its biggest update ever, including competitive tournaments, player leveling, enhanced visuals, and its first-ever story mode. Madden NFL Mobile is free-to-download* and is available on the App Store and Google Play.
Madden NFL 18 is developed in Orlando, Florida by EA Tiburon and is available now for Xbox Oneand PlayStation®4 EA SPORTS Madden NFL Mobile is free-to-download* and is available for download on the App Store and Google Play.
EA Access members receive a 10 percent discount when they purchase a digital version of the Madden NFL 18 on Xbox Live.**
All player participation has been facilitated by NFL Players Inc., the licensing and marketing subsidiary of the NFL Players Association (NFLPA).
The EA SPORTS brand is one of the leading sports entertainment brands in the world, with top-selling videogame franchises, award-winning interactive technology, fan programs and cross-platform digital experiences. The EA SPORTS studios create connected experiences that ignite the emotion of sports through videogames, including Madden NFL football, EA SPORTS FIFA, NHL® hockey, NBA LIVE basketball, Rory McIlroy PGA TOUR® golf, SSX™ and EA SPORTS UFC®.
For more information about EA SPORTS games, including news, video, blogs, forums and game apps, please visit http://www.easports.com to connect, share and compete.
Netflix superpower? Knowing what viewers should watch next, especially if it’s something they’d never expect. Case in point, one in eight Marvel Television viewers were new to comic book based content before discovering their first heroic binge on Netflix.
Viewers are finding their way to the adventures of Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage and Iron Fist through shows as diverse as the Defenders crew. And it’s not by chance, it’s by design - more than 80% of all shows are discovered through Netflix recommendations.
“At Netflix we know genres are just wrappers, which is why we work hard to create algorithms that help members break these pre-conceived notions and make it easier for them to find stories they’ll love, even in seemingly unlikely places,” said Todd Yellin, Vice President of Product.
Getting over a genre bias isn’t limited to the Marvel Universe. One in five Stranger Things fans were new to horror before entering the Upside Down2. Similarly, one in seven Black Mirror watchers were new to science fiction before exploring the dark side of technology3.
Looking into the shows those new to the genre watched most before its four Marvel series, Netflix uncovered interesting patterns that act as a bingeing gateway to the Marvel Universe .
Stories that dabble in life’s grey area heighten viewers’ senses for Daredevil, like the political turmoil of House of Cards and the thin lines of family loyalty in Bloodline. As do characters who blur the lines between vigilante and villain, like Walter White’s entrepreneurial antics in Breaking Bad and Dexter Morgan’s homicidal heroics in Dexter.
It’s Jessica Jones' sharp wit that makes her binge worthy. Series with smart humor, like Master of None, Friends and John Mulaney: The Comeback Kid, draw viewers to Jones as do stories with strong female leads, like Orange is the New Black. A nod to her detective roots, series immersed in dark criminal worlds also do the trick, like the psychological thrill of Making A Murderer.
Shows that expose the dark side of society draw viewers to Luke Cage, like the question of guilt in Amanda Knox and the examination of technology in Black Mirror. Similarly, series immersed in dangerous realms, like a cartel-ridden Medellin in Narcos and a zombie-filled Atlanta in The Walking Dead, lead watchers to Cage’s world.
Grit isn’t the only path to a comic binge. Edgy coming-of-age series, like Love, Shameless and 13 Reasons Why, bring viewers to Danny Rand and his transitional tale from orphan to crime fighter. The passage from warrior to winner also struck a chord with viewers courtesy of Ultimate Beastmaster.
1 Members who had never watched content tagged “superhero” on Netflix prior to watching one of the Marvel series.
2 Members who had never watched content tagged “horror” on Netflix prior to watching Stranger Things.
3 Members who had never watched content tagged “science fiction” on Netflix prior to watching Black Mirror.
4 Netflix analyzed viewing of members who had never watched content tagged “superhero” prior to watching one of its Marvel series to identify the top ten most watched global titles prior to each series for those new to the genre. The analysis was conducted across 40+ countries between 2015 and 2017.
SQUARE ENIX® announced that FINAL FANTASY® XV will launch on Windows PC in early 2018. FINAL FANTASY XV WINDOWS EDITION comes loaded with NVIDIA® GameWorks™ technology and other advanced PC features adding cutting-edge graphics and physics simulation technologies with support for NVIDIA’s capture and share tools.
“With the help of NVIDIA, we are creating a stunning visual experience in FINAL FANTASY XV WINDOWS EDITION, one worthy of this beloved franchise,” said Hajime Tabata, Director of FINAL FANTASY XV. “NVIDIA pushes the pace of innovation in our industry, and that benefits gamers and developers alike.”
FINAL FANTASY XV WINDOWS EDITION will include the following GameWorks technology for real-time graphics and physics simulations:
NVIDIA HairWorks – creates dynamic, life-like hair and fur for characters, animals and monsters that inhabit the game.
NVIDIA Ansel™, an in-game photography tool that allows gamers to compose shots from any position, adjust with post-process filters, capture HDR images in high fidelity formats, and share screenshots in 360 via a smartphone, PC or VR headset.
Dark Horse and 343 Industries are excited to present a new gift for the gamer in your life with the Halo Coloring Book!
The Halo Coloring Book includes 45 pieces of highly detailed black and white artwork on thicker paper for fans to color free of bleed through. Will Conrad (Angel & Faith), Georges Duarte (Crossed Badlands), Douglas Franchin (Halo: Escalation), Juan Frigeri (Star Wars: Darth Maul—Son of Dathomir), Lee Oaks (Thunder Monkey), Andres Ponce (War Goddess), and Xermanico (Injustice: Gods Among Us Three) all contributed original and gorgeous illustrations to this volume. The coloring book’s all new, original artwork is based on the expansive video-game universe of Halo with the UNSC, Covenant, Banished, and Forerunner factions all featured extensively with favorite characters, transports, technology, and worlds for fans to enjoy.
The Halo Coloring Book goes on sale October 11, 2017, and is available for preorder on Amazon, Penguin Random House, and at your local comic shop. Visit DarkHorse.com for more information.
Netflix, the world’s leading internet TV network, will bring the ten-episode series The Umbrella Academy to members worldwide in 2018.
Based on the popular, Eisner award-winning comics and graphic novels created and written by Gerard Way (My Chemical Romance) and illustrated by Gabriel Bá, The Umbrella Academy is a live action series that follows the estranged members of a dysfunctional family of superheroes (The Umbrella Academy) -- The Monocle, Spaceboy, The Kraken, The Rumor, The Séance, Number Five, The Horror, and The White Violin -- as they work together to solve their father’s mysterious death while coming apart at the seams due to their divergent personalities and abilities. Published by Dark Horse Comics, the comic series garnered much praise from fans and critics alike for its alternate and twisted take on the superhero genre.
“I am thrilled that The Umbrella Academy has found a home at Netflix. I couldn’t think of a better place for the vision Gabriel Bá and myself had when creating the comic, and cannot wait for people to experience that world as a live action show,” said Gerard Way.
“What drew us to The Umbrella Academy is that it’s wholly unique, visual and stylized,” said Cindy Holland, Vice President, Original Content for Netflix. “These aren’t the usual superheroes, and this series will embrace the singular tone of the graphic novels -- dark yet humorous, supernatural yet grounded in reality. We’re excited to see this world and introduce these unforgettable heroes to Netflix members around the globe.”
“It’s a thrill to be producing this wonderful show for Netflix,” said Jeff Wachtel, Chief Content Officer, NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment, and President, Universal Cable Productions. “It’s been a passion project for the UCP development crew and we can’t wait to bring it to life.”
The Umbrella Academy will be produced by Universal Cable Productions. Steve Blackman (Fargo, Altered Carbon) will serve as executive producer and showrunner, with additional executive producers Bluegrass Television and Mike Richardson and Keith Goldberg from Dark Horse Entertainment. Gerard Way will serve as co-executive producer. The pilot script was adapted from the comic book series by Jeremy Slater (The Exorcist).
Fans of great stories, captivating art and alluring music are certain to rejoice with today’s announcement from SQUARE ENIX® that DRAGON QUEST® XI: Echoes of an Elusive Age TM will be coming to the West next year.
The highly anticipated latest entry to the beloved DRAGON QUEST video game franchise follows the adventure of a hero who must solve the mystery of his fate with the aid of a charming cast of supporting characters. DRAGON QUEST XI: Echoes of an Elusive Age will offer a world of adventure, exploration and instances of heroism— all brought to life by the character art of famed manga artist Akira Toriyama and the memorable music of composer Koichi Sugiyama.
In an accompanying video, DRAGON QUEST creator Yuji Horii introduces an overview of the game and offers an update on the game’s localization process.
This title is not yet rated. Please visit the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) website at www.esrb.org for more information about ratings.
“While many people from around the world consider the Super NES to be one of the greatest video game systems ever made, many of our younger fans never had a chance to play it,” said Doug Bowser, Nintendo of America’s Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. “With the Super NES Classic Edition, new fans will be introduced to some of the best Nintendo games of all time, while longtime fans can relive some of their favorite retro classics with family and friends.”On Sept. 29, this beloved console is coming back to stores in the form of the Super Nintendo Entertainment System: Super NES Classic Edition. The mini system, which contains 21 pre-installed classic games and can easily be plugged into any high-definition TV using the included HDMI cable, will be available at a suggested retail price of $79.99. And for the first time, players who pick up the system can enjoy the intergalactic adventure Star Fox 2, the sequel to the original Star Fox game that was created during the Super NES era but never released … anywhere!
The Super Nintendo Entertainment System: Super NES Classic Edition has the same look and feel of the original system – only smaller – and comes pre-loaded with 21 incredible games:
All of these games would be considered classics by anyone’s standards, and some of them in particular – Secret of Mana, Final Fantasy III, EarthBound and Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars – are massive role-playing games that can take dozens of hours to complete. Even for super fans who have played all of these games multiple times, the inclusion of the never-before-released Star Fox 2 game will offer them something entirely new to enjoy – if they can unlock it by proving their skills in the original Star Fox game. (Well, they only have to complete the first level – we didn’t want to make it too hard!)
Included with the Super Nintendo Entertainment System: Super NES Classic Edition are one HDMI cable, one USB charging cable with AC adapter and two wired Super NES Classic Controllers, perfect for playing multiplayer games. Having two controllers will make it easy for two players to dive into multiplayer action right away. Some of the games with multiplayer options include Street Fighter II Turbo: Hyper Fighting, Super Mario Kart, Contra III: The Alien Wars and Secret of Mana.
Sept 22, 2017 is the 30th anniversary of the original FULL HOUSE airing (Full House episode one aired September 22, 1987)
Season 3 of Fuller House on Netflix is broken into two parts. First 9 episodes will launch on Friday, September 22. The second 9 episodes will air sometime in December (date tba).
The Baltimore Comic-Con will be held at the Inner Harbor's Baltimore Convention Center on September 22-24, 2017. Tickets are now on sale. The Baltimore Comic-Con is pleased announce the additions of David Mazouz and Sean Pertwee as a guests of the show.
Sixteen-year-old David (pronounced "Dah-veed") Mazouz stars on FOX TV's Gotham as a young Bruce Wayne, the orphaned son of Martha and Thomas Wayne as he follows the path to ultimately becoming Batman. Under the care of his butler, Alfred Pennyworth (Sean Pertwee), Mazouz's character interacts with other members of the Batman Universe, including Detective James Gordon (Ben McKenzie), Harvey Bullock (Donal Logue), and Selina Kyle (Camren Bicondova) while attempting to solve the murder of his parents. Mazouz began his acting career in commercials. At eight years old, he landed his first film, Coming and Going, directed by Edoardo Ponti. Shortly thereafter, he was cast in the cable movie Amish Grace. He then landed a role in the FOX drama Touch, starring opposite Kiefer Sutherland.
On film, Mazouz most recently completed The Darkness, playing the haunting child of Radha Mitchell and Kevin Bacon, and Incarnate starring Aaron Eckart as an exorcist wrestling with a child possessed by a demon. Other films include the horror thriller Sanitarium, alongside Malcolm McDowell, Lou Diamond Phillips, Lacey Chabert, Chris Mulkey, and Robert Englund. He was also featured in the movies The Games Maker, opposite Joseph Fiennes, Ed Asner, and Tom Cavanagh; Incarnate, alongside Aaron Eckhart; and 6 Miranda Drive, with Kevin Bacon, Radha Mitchell and Lucy Fry.
Other television roles include a kid in detention in Mike and Molly, James Spader's son in The Office, a troubled youth in Private Practice, a dying boy in Criminal Minds, an orphan in Drop Dead Diva, and a guest star in Major Crimes.
Sean Pertwee consistently captivates audiences with his compelling performances in a variety of roles that span film, television, and stage. Pertwee can be seen on Fox's hit television series Gotham, which will begin its fourth season this September 2017 during the week preceding the Baltimore Comic-Con. On the show, Pertwee plays Alfred Pennyworth, Bruce Wayne's unflappable butler. The show follows the story behind Commissioner James Gordon's rise to prominence in Gotham City in the years before Batman's arrival.
Pertwee began his film career in Stephen Frears' Joe Orton biopic Prick Up Your Ears opposite Gary Oldman and Alfred Molina. From there, he went on to appear in Paul Anderson's Shopping opposite Jude Law. He followed those roles with a number of enthralling performances in Paul W.S. Anderson's Event Horizon opposite Laurence Fishburne; Soldier, opposite Kurt Russell and directed again by Paul W.S. Anderson; Love, Honour and Obey opposite Jude Law and Jonny Lee Miller; Kurt Wimmer's Equalibrium opposite Christian Bale and Sean Bean; and the lead role of Sgt. Harry G. Wells in Neil Marshall's Dog Soldiers. Other notable film credits include Deadly Voyage, Wild Bill, Doomsday, Blue Juice where he appeared alongside Catherine Zeta Jones and Ewan McGregor, The 51st State with Samuel L Jackson and Robert Carlyle, and in Declan Lowey's Alan Partridge opposite Steve Coogan.
On the small screen, Pertwee played the iconic role of Detective Lestrade in the CBS show Elementary opposite Jonny Lee Miller as Sherlock Holmes. His other TV credits include: The Musketeers, Poirot, and the critically acclaimed Luther. He also appeared as in a recurring role in the hugely popular Cold Feet with James Nesbit. Pertwee's other TV credits include Skins, Body Guards, Jo opposite Jean Reno, Chancer, The Young Indiana Jones, Clarissa opposite Sean Bean, and Camelot with Joseph Fiennes and Eva Green. Additionally, Pertwee has lent his voice to numerous documentaries, animated films, commercials, TV series and video games including Master Chef: The Professionals, Fable, Killzone, and Assassin's Creed.
Pertwee received his training at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School and began his career with the Royal Shakespeare Company, most notably starring in Titus Andronicus directed by Deborah Warner. After touring for three years, Pertwee continued his classical training by playing Julius Caesar for the BBC and Macbeth for Michael Bogdanov's production for C4 films.
"These two are such a great actors and have such a rapport on the screen," said Marc Nathan, promoter of the Baltimore Comic-Con. "David's evolution on Gotham from young orphan to teenage detective has been fascinating to observe, and I can't wait to see what he'll do with the character of Bruce Wayne next season. And Sean's well-dressed and manicured tough-guy father figure is such a fun mix of conflicting roles, which he performs wonderfully. I'm personally thrilled to have them both as a guests of the show, as I'm sure our fans will be."
To get all of the details about the event packages and limited ticket availability, please see our tickets webpage.
In the coming weeks, look for more announcements from the Baltimore Comic-Con. We are looking forward to highlighting our guests, industry exclusives, and programming. The latest developments can always be found on our website, Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook pages.
A New Era for Marvel, and Flawless Entry Point for all Fans, Begins this Fall with a 50-page Blockbuster One-shot from Jason Aaron and Esad Ribic!
Since its inception, Marvel has been delivering groundbreaking heroes and explosive stories. Now, prepare to return to the dawn of time, as Marvel introduces you to the first Avengers from 1,000,000 BC – when iconic torch-bearers such as Odin, Iron Fist, Star Brand, Ghost Rider, Phoenix, Agamotto, and Black Panther come together for the startling origin of the Marvel Universe, in MARVEL LEGACY #1!
The acclaimed team of writer Jason Aaron (Mighty Thor) and artist Esad Ribic (Secret Wars) reunite for an all-new 50-page blockbuster one-shot that will take you through time to the current Marvel Universe, showing you how it’s truly “all connected.” A true homage to Marvel’s groundbreaking stories, MARVEL LEGACY brings your favorite characters together for exciting and epic new stories that will culminate in returning to original series numbering for long-running titles.
“MARVEL LEGACY #1 isn’t simply a history lesson,” says SVP and Executive Editor Tom Brevoort. “Rather, it’s the starting gun to a bevy of mysteries and secrets and revelations that will reverberate across the Marvel Universe in the weeks and months to come! No character, no franchise will be untouched by the game-changing events that play out across its pages. Jason and Esad pulled out all the stops to fat-pack this colossal issue with as much intrigue, action, surprise, mystery, shock and adventure as possible!”
“MARVEL LEGACY #1 will present all fans – new readers and current readers – the very best jumping on point in the history of comics,” says Marvel Editor in Chief Axel Alonso. “What Jason and Esad have crafted is more grand and more gargantuan than anything we have ever seen before and introduces concepts and characters the Marvel Universe has never encountered. Fans are going to witness an all-new look at the Marvel Universe starting at one of the earliest moments in time carried all the way into present day. Not only will this be the catalyst for Marvel evolving and moving forward, but expect it to be the spark that will ignite the industry as a whole.”
This September, prepare to MAKE MINE MARVEL with the most surprising, suspenseful, mysterious, astonishing tale ever told, featuring appearances from almost every beloved Marvel hero! It all leads to the return of a major Marvel icon in a shocking reveal that will leave fans speechless!
True believers: this book has it all! Dive into all the excitement when MARVEL LEGACY #1 comes to comic shops everywhere this September!
In honor of Pride Month, Dark Horse Comics is excited to announce the second installment of the illustrated prose and comics anthology The Secret Loves of Geek Girls with The Secret Loves of Geeks. Editor Hope Nicholson returns to assemble a dazzling mix of prose, comics, and illustrated stories from a variety of creators.
The Secret Loves of Geeks drops Valentines Day, February 14, 2018, and is now available for preorder at Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and more!
Eisner-nominated writer Simon Spurrier (The Spire, CRY HAVOC, X-Men Legacy, Godshaper) and rising-star artist Caspar Wijngaard (LIMBO, Dark Souls, Assassin's Creed) present your new bittersweet adventure obsession in ANGELIC. Suitable for ages 11 through 111, the new series will launch from Image Comics this September.
"Angelic's about teenage flying monkeys having adventures in the far future, because that's totally a genre now,” said Spurrier. “But in the best traditions of age-friendly fiction—think Pixar or Ghibli—there's also a bunch of meaty themes beneath the fun: religion, parenthood, technology and responsibility, it's all in the mix. Ultimately it's a tale about the Earth—after us. And all rendered in the unmistakably vivid color and crackle of superstar-in-the-making Caspar Wijngaard.”
A unique part of Image's summer lineup, the creative team summarize this new post-apocalyptic fable as follows:
Winged monkeys! Techno-dolphins! Quantum alleycats! In ANGELIC, humanity’s long gone. Its memory lingers only as misunderstood rituals among mankind’s leftovers: the genetically modified animals they used and abused for eons.
But for one young flying monkey, QORA, the routines are unbearable. All she wants is to explore. Instead she’s expected to settle down, to become a mother...to lose her wings.
ANGELIC is a story of teenage rebellion and animal antics amidst the ruins of civilization, promising to be WALL-E by way of Watership Down.
Writer Brandon Montclare (Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaur) and artist Amy Reeder (Madame Xanadu, Moon Girl and Devil Dinosaur) will release the eagerly anticipated eighth issue of their ongoing series ROCKET GIRL this August.
DaYoung Johansson, teen cop from the future, discovered first-hand that time travel is anything but simple. Now, she’s relaunching her investigation into crimes against time as her adventures in the '80s start to pick up.
“I know what's going to happen, and I'm still amazingly excited to see ROCKET GIRL return!” said Montclare. “This comic is as much fun for me to read as it is to make. Amy and I have a pile of issues ready for the fans—can't wait to blow you all away.”
“I don't mean to sound alarmist, but everything we've done so far with ROCKET GIRL has been leading up to these next few, completed issues,” said Reeder. “Major things are about to happen! And I for one wouldn't want to hear the gossip second-hand at the water cooler.”
The FINAL FANTASY XV POCKET EDITION for iOS, Android and Windows 10 devices, to be released later this year, is an all-new adventure that retells the beloved story of FINAL FANTASY XV, giving fans and newcomers alike the freedom to journey through Eos whenever and from wherever they want. The mobile game features the main characters and story of the console version and newly-announcedFINAL FANTASY XV WINDOWS EDITION, with an adorable art style and casual touch controls optimized for mobile devices. The main story is told across ten thrilling episodes, with all ten episodes available at launch and the first episode downloadable for free. The new FINAL FANTASY XV POCKET EDITION trailer is available on YouTube:
Elsewhere in the FINAL FANTASY XV Universe, SQUARE ENIX also announced that MONSTER OF THE DEEP: FINAL FANTASY XV will launch on November 21 for PlayStation®VR. In this brand-new VR experience, players will head out on a fishing expedition with Noctis and his crew across picturesque locations in Eos. The Story Mode places players in the middle of an exhilarating and action-packed showdown with a menace that lurks in the depths, while the Free Fishing Mode allows players to take in the the sights, sounds and scenery through a variety of fishing challenges. Starting tomorrow, fans who pre-order the game from the PlayStation® Store will receive a custom MONSTER OF THE DEEP: FINAL FANTASY XV dynamic theme and in-game Samurai Outfit.
Finally, at yesterday’s NVIDIA® conference in Germany, FINAL FANTASY XV WINDOWS EDITION was unveiled as the Windows PC version of the fifteenth mainline entry in the FINAL FANTASY franchise. Loaded with NVIDIA GameWorks™ technology and implementing other advanced PC features like cutting-edge graphics and physics simulation technologies, the game will launch with support for native 4K and 8K resolutions, along with HDR10 and DOLBY ATMOS®. FINAL FANTASY XV WINDOWS EDITION will also include all Season Pass and free update content already released for the console version, with the addition of a new optional first-person mode for a more immersive player experience.
Bestselling, award-winning pop culture phenomenon Robert Kirkman (THE WALKING DEAD, OUTCAST BY KIRKMAN & AZACETA) and artist Charlie Adlard (THE WALKING DEAD) spin the backstory for one of the most controversial and complex characters in THE WALKING DEAD history in THE WALKING DEAD: HERE’S NEGAN! This special backstory was first serialized in Image+ magazine and will be collected in its entirety into a hardcover edition and made available through Image Comics/Skybound Entertainment this October.
Who is Negan? Since his debut in THE WALKING DEAD #100, the charismatic psychopath has antagonized Rick Grimes, murdered his friend with a baseball bat wrapped in barb wire (which he calls "Lucille"), and led the Saviors into war against Alexandria and the neighboring communities.
THE WALKING DEAD: HERE’S NEGAN! hardcover (ISBN: 978-1-5343-0327-0) will be available for $19.99 in comic book retailers on Wednesday, October 4th and in bookstores on Tuesday, October 10th.
The wondrous Diana of Themyscira comes face to face with the Cimmerian barbarian Conan in a new miniseries this fall—Wonder Woman/Conan. DC and Dark Horse have teamed up for a crossover of epic proportions, bringing back fan-favorite Wonder Woman writer Gail Simone and Wonder Woman artist Aaron Lopresti for an adventure unlike anything seen before—a collision of legends.
“I love crossovers, I love Wonder Woman, and being able to bring the undisputed greatest warriors of the DCU and Robert E. Howard's Hyborian Age together for the very first time is a dream come true,” says Simone. “A major draw is getting to reunite with the great Aaron Lopresti, whose very favorite things to draw are Wonder Woman and barbarians. Its blades and bracelets, wizards and wonder and I couldn't be more delighted.”
Our tale begins as Conan the Barbarian arrives on the shores of an unknown land, and soon meets the world’s most fearsome arena fighter—Wonder Woman. Ill-fated circumstances force them both into slavery. As they attempt to free themselves from the grips of the rich and powerful slave-owner Dellos, a dark magic descends upon their land, a presence that wants to destroy them both. But who has the might to stop the most talented gladiators who have ever existed?
Wonder Woman has been a pivotal character in the DC Universe for over 75 years as a member of the Trinity and the Justice League, and as a notable icon around the world. Conan the Barbarian, similarly, has long been an important character since his creation 85 years ago. Dark Horse has been publishing Conan stories since 2003, and new and exciting tales continue to hit shelves.
“Uniting the greatest characters of the DC Universe with some of the most famous and notable characters in pop culture is at the core of the most memorable crossovers we’ve ever done,” said DC Entertainment Editor-in-Chief Bob Harras. “Gail and Aaron’s series will surely create a new legend for fans and readers to talk about for years to come.”
A tale of myths and magic, Simone and Lopresti bring to life a new world for these two heroes—weaving a story of fantasy, mythos and adventure. The six-issue saga begins September 20.
All eight episodes of season one are now available on Switch in North America, and will become available in Europe and other territories on Friday, August 25.
Award-winning developer and publisher of digital entertainment Telltale Games and world-renowned game developer Mojang today announced that Minecraft: Story Mode - The Complete Adventure is now available on Nintendo Switch in North America and will become available on August 25 in Europe and other regions.
Available as both a digital download and a physical cartridge at retail, The Complete Adventure includes all eight episodes from the first season of Minecraft: Story Mode: five episodes from the original season pass, plus the three bonus episodes from the 'Adventure Pass' add-on series. This collection also represents Telltale Games' first official release on Nintendo's latest console.
In Minecraft: Story Mode, players embark on a perilous adventure across the Overworld, through the Nether, to the End, and beyond. While attempting to enter EnderCon and meet Gabriel the Warrior, Jesse and friends discover that something is wrong... something dreadful. Terror is unleashed, forcing Jesse to set out on a quest to find The Order of the Stone in hopes of saving the world from oblivion.
Minecraft: Story Mode - The Complete Adventure is available for US$39.99 or equivalent, and has been rated 'Everyone 10+' for Fantasy Violence and Mild Language by the ESRB. The Complete Adventure is a standalone product separate from the core Minecraft game.
Brothers “Bubblun” and “Bobblun” have been turned into dragons by the curse of a witch. The brothers blow and burst bubbles to search a way to turn back into human form. Bust-A-Move/Puzzle Bobble’s classic, exciting play formula is simple but addictive: connect three or more bubbles of the same color to remove them from the field and progress.
- Complete your missions in every stage such as "Pop all the bubbles!", "Reach the target score!" and "Save Chack'n!"!
Players of All Ages Can Compete in Modern and Classic Nintendo Games in the Nintendo World Championships 2017 – Players Qualify at Eight Select Best Buy Stores
Imagine standing on the big stage, controller in hand. Everyone in the audience is cheering your name, and even more are watching live at home. After advancing through the tournament, you are about to start the finals. If you win this round, you will be named the Nintendo World Championships 2017 tournament winner. Your heart is beating. The competition begins…
This triumphant scenario might sound like a dream for any Nintendo fan, but it could actually be a reality! With the Nintendo World Championships 2017 tournament, taking place on Oct. 7 in New York at Manhattan Center’s Grand Ballroom, fans of all ages from around the country have the chance to be a part of Nintendo history.
Following its debut in 1990, the Nintendo World Championships made a grand return at E3 2015 in Los Angeles. The Nintendo World Championships finds fans of all ages and walks of life competing in a variety of Nintendo games, both recent and retro. Here’s how it all works:
Starting on Aug. 19, select Best Buy stores around the country will host qualifying events in eight locations around the country. Players will be divided into two groups based on their age, and both groups will play Mario Kart 7 for the Nintendo 3DS family of systems. The first age group, 12 and Younger, will play as Mario on the Nintendo DS “Luigi’s Mansion” course using Standard Kart, Standard Wheels and Super Glider. The second age group, 13 and Older, will play as Bowser on the Game Boy Advance “Bowser Castle 1” course using Standard Kart, Standard Wheels and Super Glider. The player with the best Time Trial entry in each age group at the end of the two-day event at each location will qualify for the Nintendo World Championships 2017!
Additionally, anyone who visits these events at Best Buy will be able to try demo versions of the Super Mario Odyssey game, launching Oct. 27 for the Nintendo Switch system and the Metroid: Samus Returns game for the Nintendo 3DS family of systems, arriving on Sept. 15. Plus, visitors who are My Nintendo members will be able to check in using their My Nintendo QR Code at any of the qualifier event locations to receive 100 Platinum Points. My Nintendo members who are one of the first 200 to check in daily at each location will receive a My Nintendo pin as an added bonus.
During the Nintendo World Championships event in New York, players will battle their way through a variety of games where they will be eliminated or will advance their way through the tournament based on their performance.
“The format of the Nintendo World Championships means that anyone has a chance to become the winner,” said Doug Bowser, Nintendo of America’s Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. “Audiences are hungry to watch competitive video games in action, and many of our most classic games, both old and new, are well-suited to competition by players of all ages.”
Tickets to attend the final event in New York will be limited. Details on ticket availability and distribution will be shared in the coming weeks.
For more information about the Nintendo World Championships 2017 and full rules for the qualifying events, visit http://nwc.nintendo.com/.
cherub g tone gt 6 acoustic guitar preamp piezo pickup 3 band eq equalizer lcd tuner with reverb delay chorus wide effects
From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Teenage dating can be traumatic for dads. It's important to have a list of dating rules that make good sense and don't impose unreasonable expectations. Pairing definition, a coupling. See more. Pair, dating website 11 year olds, couple, span, yoke are terms for groups of two.
Pair is used of two things naturally or habitually. Who is dating who on vampire diaries editor, Find attached a porn video of Diaried Jonas, president of the Society Of Zambians in America SOZA. Diarles, Mwangala Jo is a drunk and local. Chennai (Tamil:சென்னை)formerly known as Madras, this 369-year-old city is the capital of the southern state of Tamilnadu and is India's sixth-largest.
Surprise. The Golden Master build of iOS in leaked online Friday night, with users who is dating who on vampire diaries links to the software on Reddit. Its full of details about the. Many authors choose to present the history of a complex subject by breaking it up into major fiaries and following the history of each thread separately. Discusses AARP who is dating who on vampire diaries shidduch dating spots International Council on Active Aging's teaming up to help people age 45 find fitness and wellness centers offering age friendly access and.
Want to seduce a girl with words. Use these 20 dirty questions to ask a girl over text and you can make her do all the sexy, dirty talking for you. I was shocked to discover how twisted some of OKCupid's members must be based on the weird questions they ask. ROMEO is the most powerful app for gay, bi, amp; transgender - chat, dates, fun, and diariee. Free download and registration on planetromeo.
Ios. What sets News Xchange apart is that it is structured as a shared and guided -- experience. Theres si an element of diariez, too: someone Ive never. If you are interested in Russian girl, Ukrainian women who is dating who on vampire diaries Asian dating, review best mail order bride sites - AnastasiaDate, CharmDate, RussianCupid, etc.
How do you move from casual dating to serious relationship. I answer your dating Q's, and explain exactly how to turn your casual fling dkaries a serious thing Dating is a who is dating who on vampire diaries. Here is some expert advise on how to stay confident when dating, and how to get a second date with a man more often. Browse quality Christian Cell phone dating south africa for FREE.
OnDaySix. com is the leader in online Christian dating. Connecting speed dating berlin samstag Christians with integrity and style. Automatic works cited and dota team matchmaking rating formatting for MLA, APA and ChicagoTurabian citation styles. Now supports 7th edition of MLA. Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance.
Free Philippines match father dating gold digger and personals service. Find Pinoy and Who is dating who on vampire diaries online today. Sunny Leone Is Compared To Obama And Trump After Receiving An Overwhelming Welcome Si Kochi The organizational structure of the Catholic Church in the United States consists of 33 Provinces with as many Archdioceses (Metropolitan Sees); 148 Suffragan Sees.
3D tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in diares. Enter and get off now. New England Patriots vs Kansas City Vampie Live Stream (NBC): Watch NFL Thursday Night Football 2017 Online (Preview) Memphis history on free walking tours with historian Jimmy Ogle. Find the latest business news on Wall Street, jobs kw hook up the economy, the housing market, personal finance and money investments and much more on ABC News By offering 56 different versions and over 400 additional features, the new TAG Heuer Connected Modular 45 smartwatch goes big on choice.
Like really, really big on. Green is a world-famous pro basketball player who who is dating who on vampire diaries the cause of waiting till marriage and turned it into a personal calling. Find diarjes best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. That's right. MFD kn a store. Check back often for fun items created for the MFD audience.
You never know when you might need a T-shirt with printed rules for dating. African-American entertainer Sammy Davis Jr.
Jun 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;This same-sex couple's prideful picture has over 600,000 likes on Twitter Our reviews help you find the sites that give the best sex hookups with the hottest ladies. We'll also show you how to avoid scams and fake hookup dating sites. Jokes about Sex. Q: What did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree. A: Hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job. Find Wii game reviews, news, trailers, movies, previews, walkthroughs and more here at GameSpot. Courtship is the period in a couple's relationship which precedes their engagement and marriage, or establishment of an agreed relationship of a more enduring kind. Get the latest science news and technology news, read tech reviews and more at ABC News. Random - Inspirational Humor Index, Updated Daily, Search and Topic Preview. Fast access to hundreds of Inspirational and Christian Humor. 11 of American adults have used an online dating site or a mobile dating app. chinalovelink. com is the one of the top online dating websites and it is free. You can find Chinese women, Chinese wife,Chinese brides on this dating site. Think about your goals and your budget It is possible to get a mountain bike for around Php 4,000. These are the no frills generic bikes sold in malls and stores. To start our list strong, below youll find the most all-around fabulous and undeniably-the-best free gay dating websites. Weve picked out five excellent sites. See online dating profile examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Online - Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows. This website is free software and picture downloading website. Visit our website for free downloads of English software and information about software. Learn How to Access The Most Popular Sites and Services on The Web Joshua's Long Day may have been produced by God moving the Sun around the Earth. Historical references and the corresponding working banned from halo 4 matchmaking for no reason are given. Apr 18, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Have a Who is dating who on vampire diaries Centered Dating Relationship. Do you want to hockey dating website God oj the center of your dating relationship. Would who is dating who on vampire diaries like God to … The most populous country in the world whk a number of worthwhile vampiee dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. Norway is usually who is dating who on vampire diaries with fish, oil, fjords diarues high pensions, as well as with Vikings, trolls and other legendary creatures. However, Diablo matchmaking has an. Ethiopian women and men dating online for free. Join now to meet Ethiopian women who is dating who on vampire diaries men at Ethiopian chat rooms. Speed dating vsmpire Chicago, IL for single professionals Offering the best speed dating Chicago has to dating sites skopje. Meet up catholic dating agency ireland 15 Chicago singles just like you in one sulli choi and choi minho dating evening. How to Start Dating. Dating is a who is dating who on vampire diaries disries who is dating who on vampire diaries meet potential partners and have a good time with who is dating who on vampire diaries people, but it is daunting to start cross cultural dating relationships. Remember, however. You who is dating who on vampire diaries for Filipino women for dating daitng marriage. Find out hookah hookup hours johns creek characteristics to see if they make good wife. And best places to dating in the dark website single Filipina girls. The Residence Eine exklusive diarries in unserer A380, die Dating an enfp personality type Dhabi, London, New York, Sydney, Melbourne und Paris speed dating florida. Full help on whp the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Get speed dating in manchester Filipina fiance or spouse to the U. A we are an online processing of fianc233;e visas, spousal visas, and green cards (adjustment of status). Dating can be hard when you're big, but it doesn't have datlng be. in fact, you may find that you have who is dating who on vampire diaries better chance for finding love than ls ever believe. After being taken down twice by Blogger within a single week, we got the message: Its Time To Go. Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: How to Be Hot (Guys). Do you fear that the ladies aren't talking about you. Do you know you need to step up your game but feel unsure of how to do it. These tips on. Enter the top online fun spot where you can meet flirty singles from your area. Join now to browse photo personals, enter fun chat rooms and find dates. POF. COM 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. With Front of Stage Seats and Backstage Passes. Oct 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;There's a fine line between dating and networking. But one company thinks both can coexist in the same app. Bumble -- the dating app … With millions of members worldwide, Adult FriendFinder is the best dating site to find adult singles and swingers for discreet hookups and casual sex near you. May 31, 2014nbsp;0183;32;When you think of a kimono, the first image that pops into your mind probably isnt a long, sheer, cardigan-type piece of clothing. When I first heard. Check us out. Ukrainian Fiancee Marriage Agency (UFMA) is the professional matchmaking agency with the own database of genuine Ukrainian Girls and Russian … A guide for emcees or masters of ceremonies at a wedding to making wedding jokes that don't fall flat. How I left my FLDS life, made some mistakes, and met Christ along the way Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Tinder and Match are two of the most popular dating apps. Which one is best. We compare these dating apps so you don't have to. TS-Dating is the premier worldwide shemale escort site which specifically caters to transsexuals, shemales, transvestites, crossdressers, ladyboys and their admirers. Four years ago, Glamour's cover featured an up-and-coming Kentucky-born actress named Jennifer Lawrence, quot;on the cusp,quot; we wrote, quot;of being mega-famous. quot. We have over 199 of the best Dating games for you. Play online for free at Kongregate, including Crush Crush, Chrono Days Sim Date, and Kingdom Days Sim Date Assh Lee - Assh Lee Gets Her Asshole Stretched Assh Lee is a hard working woman. At her job as a secretary she likes to stay on top of everything, even her boss. Dating For Seniors is the 1 dating site for senior single menwomen looking to find their soulmate.
In 1897, HG Wells published The War of the Worlds. A potent combination of human drama, social criticism and the latest discoveries in evolution and astronomy, The War of the Worlds became a cultural phenomenon and almost single-handedly created an entirely new genre of fiction. Yet across the Atlantic, where copyrights on foreign books were seldom heeded, publishers regarded Wells’ work with envious eyes, and with astonishing speed, they rushed out their own versions.
Within weeks, the New York Evening Journal and the Boston Post were serialising a pirated version of WotW under the title of Fighters from Mars. Much of Wells’ scientific hypothesising and critique of imperialism was cut out, and the action was transplanted from the south east of England to the north eastern US – both New Yorkers and Bostonians got to see their own local landmarks blown up by the rampaging Martians. Artistically, this strikes us as a travesty – in a country on the brink of invading Cuba, Wells’ attacks on colonial wars could not have been more timely – but the pirated versions at least offered American readers something the original could not: a story with intense ties to the readers’ place and culture.
If Fighters from Mars seems crass, its sequel Edison’s Conquest of Mars by Garrett P. Serviss is even more incredible. If it were published today, it would surely be considered fanfiction; not just of WotW but of Thomas Edison, depicted as an intrepid and trigger-happy (if not outright genocidal) genius inventor-turned-general. In the aftermath of the Martian downfall – “a proud day for America” – Edison almost immediately devises an arsenal of new weapons and flies off in his spaceship to strike a revenge blow against the Martians. Along the way, he discovers the ruins of of a race of giants on the Moon, learns that Martians built the Sphinx, and discovers that Martian women have beautiful complexions “no less brilliant than that of the women of Italy or Spain”. Little of Wells’ original idea remains beyond evil Martians.
As an inventor and entrepreneur, Thomas Edison occupied a similar place in American culture to Elon Musk today – popular, but by no means universally so, and with a damaged reputation. In 1892, a few years before Conquest of Mars was published, Edison was forced out of his own company by shareholders after his decision to use DC electricity instead of AC didn’t pay off. In fiction however, he could be stripped of his flaws and complications, and so take his place alongside Johnny Appleseed and John Henry in the pantheon of American folk heroes (where he has since been joined by his one-time rival, now meme star, Nikola Tesla).
In pirating The War of the Worlds, mutating it to fit better with local culture, and printing it in a cheap, truly mass medium, these papers heralded something new: science folklore.
Art, pop, folk. These are the three broad categories that most music historians divide their field by. Art music is usually composed by people with formal training, and places a heavy emphasis on technique. Most contemporary classical music falls into this category, but so too does prog rock, free jazz and experimental hip-hop. Popular music is produced to appeal to the masses for wide distribution. And then there’s folk music. In a historical context, folk means more than Bob Dylan and banjos: it’s all the music that originates outside the established artistic and commercial circles, which is transmitted by oral tradition and often has no canonical form. The concept of performance becomes blurred, as many types of folk music – work songs, nursery rhymes, mnemonics – serve practical everyday purposes.m
The same model can be applied to science fiction. But if art sci-fi means authors like Le Guin, Vonnegut and Shelley, and popular sci-fi is Star Wars and Marvel Comics, where is the folk sci-fi? Just as you won’t find nursery rhymes on stage, you won’t find science folklore in books.
One of the comprehensive libraries of modern folklore is Snopes.com. Although now best known as fact checkers of the endless stream of social media fake news, the site was originally founded by Barbara and David Mikkelson as an extension of their activities in the alt.folklore.urban Usenet group. The site contains countless examples of what are essentially short stories – plagues of genetically modified insects blanketing Florida, pharmaceutical executives who confess to Satanism on chat shows and sheds full of eight-legged mutant birds that KFC is legally prevented from calling “chickens.”
Folklore crosses genres in a way that art and popular fiction seldom does. The widely-repeated story about a Nasa scientist who, while investigating irregularities in orbits, discovered conclusive proof that the Bible was literally true shows a fascinating blend of Christian fundamentalism and faith in the scientific method to uncover the truth. The myth that scientists (usually godless Soviets, for that extra layer of irony) accidentally drilled into Hell is no less eclectic in its combination of tropes from science fiction and religion.
True, the stories rarely hew especially closely to scientific fact, but then Snopes also catalogues many tales of law seldom make much sense in terms of real legal systems, unless there’s a detail in the law of New York City I’m missing that would allow its mayor to fine people for living in a city with homeless citizens. Meanwhile, the theology of the guardian angel who let a girl who didn’t pray be raped seems incredibly distant from any actual Christian teaching. Just as these stories reflect trust in the rule of law and religion, the proliferation of science folklore tell us is just how deeply scientific concepts have become buried in culture.
Away from urban legends, science folklore manifests itself in many other forms. Seventy years after it was published, long after Serviss had faded into obscurity, Erich Von Daniken would publish Chariots of the Gods?, suggesting that aliens had visited early human civilisations and helped build the pyramids of Egypt. Von Daniken’s book would sell over 16 million copies and become the seed around which a new subculture of New Age believers and conspiracy theorists would nucleate.
What academics call “UFO religions” - which typically posit that Earth was settled by advanced aliens in the distant past or will be visited by an alien messiah – often showcase their supposed scientificness. The most influential, Scientology, even put it in the name. A company linked to another UFO religion, the Raëlian movement, caused a media frenzy in 2002 with spurious claims that it had successfully cloned a human. Less structured New Age movements draw on any and all scientific concepts that achieve salience in the popular imagination.
The resonances of this crystal emit fields that kill cancer. Quantum energy connects everything, so all of humanity is one. All life on Earth forms one great planet-wide ecosystem, Gaia, and you can worship Her. Fluoride has clogged the pineal gland in your brain with limescale, but if you can just decalcify it you’ll gain second sight. These claims are little more than free association of scientific terms to non-scientific concepts, but they would not catch on at all without public awareness of these terms. The pineal gland seems to have become a subject of New Age interest primarily because if you squint it looks a little like a bit like the Ancient Egyptian Eye of Horus, but whoever first noticed that must have still been looking at an anatomical diagram of the brain.
The immediate reaction of skeptics to these beliefs is to suggest that more science education is needed, but none of these pieces of science folklore could have taken root without effective, popular scientific communication. If Nasa hadn’t regularly released images from the Viking mission, the “Face of Mars” mountain would never have captured the public interest. Quantum entanglement would mean nothing to the general public if it weren’t for generations of outreach by quantum physicists. There wouldn’t be so many “tree-hugging hippies” if it weren’t for fifty years of dedicated work by biologists and climatologists worldwide to make the public realise the grave danger of environmental pollution and climate change.
Carl Sagan, host of the Cosmos documentary series and one of the all-time greatest science communicators, wrote a polemic against supernatural and pseudoscientific beliefs, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark (1996). Sagan drew a direct line from tabloid coverage of “alien abductions” and “faith healing” to the breakdown of the social contract in the United States in the 1990s. The book’s most famous quote is one you may have seen circulating Facebook (ironically enough, often so far out of context that Snopes has fact-checked it ):
“I have a foreboding of an America in my children's or grandchildren's time -- when the United States is a service and information economy; when nearly all the manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries; when awesome technological powers are in the hands of a very few, and no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues; when the people have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority; when, clutching our crystals and nervously consulting our horoscopes, our critical faculties in decline, unable to distinguish between what feels good and what's true, we slide, almost without noticing, back into superstition and darkness.”
“In all uses of science, it is insufficient – indeed it is dangerous – to produce only a small, highly competent, well-rewarded priesthood of professionals. Instead, some fundamental understanding of the findings and methods of science must be available on the broadest scale.”
If science is to avoid becoming the priesthood that Sagan feared, its ideas and techniques need to break out into the general public. To mix Sagan’s metaphor with a much earlier one, scientists can light the candles, but they alone can’t keep them burning. Prometheus brought fire down from the gods, but it was humanity who kept it burning.
Physicists – myself included – tend to bemoan the fact that the average person’s idea of quantum mechanics boils down to a few fuzzy and inaccurate intuitions about things being in two places at once, but how incredible is it that we’ve even got that far? That we live in an era where “Schrödinger’s cat” is standard figure of speech is breathtaking. Quantum physics is not taught in schools, so however people are learning about it, it is not through formal routes.
Chaos theory is notoriously complicated, but almost everyone’s heard that a butterfly flapping its wings in China causes a tornado in Texas (actually, when Edward Lorenz originally presented his theory in 1972, his hypothetical butterfly was Brazilian ), but China presumably sounded more exotic, and so the parable mutated when it entered folklore). Genetics and DNA have become so much a part of our culture that the satirical magazine Private Eye collects examples of the “success is in our DNA” cliché to mock.
There are valid reasons to worry about scientific inaccuracies spreading through this kind of oral tradition. Acting on a faulty scientific belief can waste time and money, and in the worst case, as in pseudoscientific therapies, it can kill. Yet by trying to dispel all science folklore, skeptics throw away a valuable opportunity.
Anyone who believes that Nasa proved the existence of God must believe that science has the potential to answer questions about the universe and our place in it – otherwise, the story wouldn’t have any power to them. Persuading these people on the important scientific issues of today, from vaccines to climate change, may be difficult, but it means you have some vocabulary and ideals already in common. Certainly, there’s more common ground than with someone who believes that scientific proof of evolution was planted by Satan.
Beliefs drawn from science also offer support through the difficult times of life. Green funerals, with their focus on the environment and the circle of life, offer the same sense of continuity that religious beliefs do and give families the feeling that their loved one lives on as part of nature – even if a skeptic might wonder whether there’s really anything special or meaningful about a few of the atoms that briefly constituted a human body later ending up inside a plant. Science folklore is a candle in the darkest times of all.
So next Halloween, when the streets fill with shambling partygoers dressed as Frankenstein’s monster, you’re seeing the end result of two centuries of dissemination of scientific ideas from art to popular culture to folklore; from the philosophical gloom of Shelley’s Creature, through the popular frights of the Universal movies, to the green monster named Frankenstein who dances the Monster Mash and bears the brunt of a thousand playground jokes. Long may he undie.
One of my favorite "famous" cooks out there is Ina Garten. I love how she takes fresh ingredients and prepares it in a simple, yet sophisticated way to create delicious dishes. I definitely admire her and all she's accomplished.
I decided to try her recipe for roasted broccoli because she claimed it would turn even someone who hates broccoli into a broccoli lover, and since my son hates broccoli I knew I needed to put it to the test. Unfortunately, it did not convert my son into a lover of broccoli. It did however make me love broccoli even more! This is so good, I could have eaten a plate of just the broccoli for dinner.
This roasted broccoli recipe is exactly why I love Ina so much. It's so simple to throw to together, yet it turns into a stunning side dish to accompany any meal. Perfect for when you have company and hoping to impress your guests. If you are looking to turn an ordinary vegetable side dish into something extraordinary, you have to give this recipe a try. I know I will be making this many, many more times in the future!
Preheat oven to 420. Line a cookie sheet with aluminum foil and place the broccoli florets on sheet in a single layer. Sprinkle the sliced garlic over top of the broccoli, then drizzle about 4 tbsp of olive oil over the broccoli and toss to combine. Add the salt and pepper, then place pan in oven to roast for about 20 minutes - the tips of the florets should be browned, but not burned). Remove from oven.
Sprinkle the zest from the lemon over the broccoli, drizzle about another tbsp of olive oil over top, squeeze most of the juice from the lemon and add that to the broccoli, and finally top it with the grated Parmesan cheese. Toss to combine and serve it hot.
I agree with you. I love roasted vegetables, especially broccoli. I make a version of this but I really like the idea of lemon zest and juice. I'm going to try your version! Great blog, btw!
Roasting seems to bring out the best flavor, no matter what the vegetable is. Thank you for visiting and for your comments!
going to try it with my fresh from the garden broccoli, it sounds soo good!! At least if it decides to ever rain again so I can have a garden...
Well, I envy you that you can have a garden right now. We are at least another 5 months away from that! I hope you try it and love it :) Thanks for commenting
Your children will love this fantastic book by Elsa Holmelund Minarik / Maurice Sendak. Written by Elsa Holmelund Minarik / Maurice Sendak and it was published by Harper Trophy. The book went on sale in February of 2003. The children's book is 63 pages long. To obtain your personal print of this children's book, visit the button on this page.
Meet Little Bear, a friend to millions of children. And, of course, she never forgets his birthday. When he goes towards the moon, she has a hot lunch waiting for him on his return. At night she helps him get to sleep. When it is cold and snowy outside, she finds just the right outfit for Little Bear to play in. And meet Mother Bear, who is there whenever Little Bear needs her.
This is the 1st I Can Read Book ever, along utilizing the initial of 5 classic Little Bear books, expressly created for starting readers. Mother Bear tells him to be back by lunch, and he is. In"Little Bear Goes for the Moon,"Little Bear declares that he will fly towards the moon in his new space helmet. The gentle, teasing repartee between Little Bear and his mother will delight young readers, and the spacious layout and large type will encourage them to help preserve on reading! Elsa Holmelund Minarik and Maurice Sendak teamed up to create these simple stories that are deeply comforting and lovingly playful. With the prospect of guests arriving and no cake in sight, he sets out to make birthday soup (all his friends like soup ). In one story,"Birthday Soup,"Little Bear cannot find his mother and presumes she has forgotten his birthday. (Ages 4 to 8)"I never did forget your birthday, and I never will,"she says to her son as he hugs her leg. Just considering that the gathering is sitting down for soup, Mother Bear shows up with a big, beautiful birthday cake.
A great play on picture/word. Thank you for joining us this week at Word Art Wednesday. Blessings, Carole
This is SO incredibly cute, DeAnne. I always enjoy your art so much, and I want to thank you for sharing this with us in our challenge this week. May God bless your week, and please stop by again soon!
LOL such a cute image Deanne! Great coloring & design! Thanks so much for joining us at The Sisterhood’s ‘ANIMAL’ challenge and please come back again soon!
Hi Deanne - I hope all is well! I love the pop of red. Very cute! Thanks for playing with us at Loves Rubberstamps!
Awww so cute, love the image and the layout, nice touch with the ribbon/bow, great job! Sparkle awesome. Thanks for entering our Color a Stamped Image at 4 Crafty Chicks!
This looks fabulous. I love the image & wonderful sentiment. Thanks for joining us at Passion For Promarkers this week.
What a sweet card. Love the sentiment. Fabulous. Thank you for joining us over at Loves Rubberstamps. Hugs Nina
What a lovely card, i love the colours, thanks for joining us at just inspirational challenges monthly challenge - Sonia W DT
Awww super sweet card, Thanks for Playing along with us this time at Top Tip Tuesday Challenge, hugs Samantha :0)
All content (text, photographs, sketches and projects) is solely the property of me, DEANNE SAUNDERS (unless otherwise stated and credit will be given to the rightful owner, usually by direct link where possible).
I have a challenge blog called If You Give a Crafter a Cookie... . A cookie picture is posted every 2 weeks to inspire you to create any kind of crafty project! Challenge #106 picture is...
The 228th challenge has been posted at {PIN}spirational Challenges. The inspirational pic is this...
Our Sept 2015 SE-L has rear sensors, not front, and no notifications on screen - just the audible beeps.
Thanks for reply thought that would be the case oh well might get camera if I can find one cheap enough
Mazda 3 Forums UK accepts no liability for members actions, comments & views expressed on the forum.
Designing a car is a complex and lengthy task. Take, for example, General Motors (GM). Each model created needs to go through a frontal crash test. So the company builds prototypes that cost about one million dollars for each car and tests how they react to frontal crash. GM crashes these cars, makes improvements, then makes new prototypes and crashes them again. There are other tests and more crashes. Even as late as the 1990s, GM crashed as many as 70 cars for each new model.
The information regarding a new design and its various tests, collected in these crashes and other tests, has to be shared among close to 20,000 designers and engineers in hundreds of divisions and departments at 14 GM design labs, some of which are located in different countries. In addition, communication and collaboration is needed with design engineers of the more than 1,000 key suppliers. All of these necessary communications slowed the design process and increased its cost. It took over four years to get a new model to the market.
GM, like its competitors, has been transforming itself into an e-business. This gradual transformation has been going on since the mid-1990s, when Internet band width increased sufficiently to allow Web collaboration. The first task was to examine over 7,000 existing legacy IT systems, reducing them to about 3,000, and making them Web-enabled. The EC system is centered on a computer-aided design (CAD) program from EDS (a large IT company, subsidiary of GM). This system, known as Unigraphics, allows 3-D design documents to be shared online by both the internal and external designers and engineers, all of whom are hooked up with the EDS software. In addition. Collaborative and Web-conferencing software tools, including Microsoft’s NetMeeting and EDS’s eVis, were added to enhance teamwork. These tools have radically changed the vehicle-review process.
To see how GM now collaborates with a supplier, take as an example a needed cost reduction of a new seat frame made by Johnson Control GM electronically sends its specifications for the seat to the vendor’s product data system. Johnson Control’s collaboration systems (eMatrix) is integrated with EDS’s In graphics. This integration allows joint searching, designing. Tooling, and testing of the seat frame in real time, expediting the process and cutting costs by more than 10 percent.Another area of collaboration is that of crashing cars. Here designers need close collaboration with the test engineers. Using simulation, mathematical modeling, and a Web-based review process. GM is able now to electronically “Crash” cars rather than to do it physically.
Now it takes less than 18 months to bring a new car to market, compared to 4 or more years before, and at a much lower design cost. For example, 60 cars are now “Crashed” electronically, and only 10 are crashed physically. The shorter cycle time enables more new car models, providing GM with a competitive edge. All this has translated into profit. Despite the economic show down. GM’s revenues increased more than 6 percent in 2002. while its earnings in the second quarter of 2002 doubled that of 2001.
The traditional approach to information systems projects is to analyze potential costs and benefits before deciding whether to develop the system. However for moderate investments in promising new technologies that could offer major benefits. Organizations may decide to do the financial analyses after the project is over. A number of companies took this latter approach in regard to intranet projects initiated prior to 1997.
Located in Strasburg. Virginia, Judd’s is a conservative, family-owned printing company that prints Time magazine, among other publications. Richard Warren. VP for IS. Pointed out that Judd’s “usually waits for technology to prove itself…. But with the Internet the benefits seemed so great that our decision proved to be a no-brainer.” Judd’s first implemented internet technology for communications to meet needs expressed by customers. After this it started building intranet of the significance of these applications to the company is the bandwidth that supports them. Judd’s increased the bandwidth by a magnitude of about 900 percent in the 1990s without cost-benefit analysis.
A very large pharmaceutical company with headquarters in Indianapolis, Eli Lilly has a proactive attitude toward new technologies. It began exploring the potential of the Internet in 1993. Managers soon realized that, by using intranets, they could reduce many of the problems associated with developing applications on a wide variety of hardware platforms and networking configurations. Because the benefits were so obvious, the regular financial justification process was waived for intranet application development projects. The IS group that helps user departments develop and maintain intranet applications increased its staff from three to ten employees in 15 months.
Needham, a Dallas advertising agency, has offices in various parts of the country. Needham discovered that, in developing presentations for bids on new accounts, employees found it helpful to use materials from other employees’ presentations on similar projects. Unfortunately, it was very difficult to locate and then transfer relevant ,materials in different locations and different formats. After doing research on alternatives, the company identified intranet technology as the best potential solution. Needham hired EDS to help develop the system. It started with one office in 1996 as a pilot site. Now part of DDB Needham, the company has a sophisticated corporate wide intranet and extranet in place. Although the investment was “substantial”, Needham did not do a detailed financial analysis before starting the project. David King, a managing partner explained. “the system will start paying for itself the first time an employee wins a new account because he had easy access to a co-worker’s information.”
Cadence is a consulting firm located in San Jose, California. It wanted to increase the productivity of its sales personnel by improving internal communications and sales training. It considered Lotus Notes but decided against it because of the costs. With the help of a consultant, it developed an internet system. Because the company reengineered its sales training process to work with the new system, the project took somewhat longer than usual.International Data Corp., an IT research firm, helped cadence do an after-the-fact financial analysis. Initially the analysis calculated benefits based on employees meeting their full sales quotas. However, IDC later found that a more appropriate indicator was having new scales representatives meet half their quota. Startup costs were $280,000, average annual expenses were estimated at less than $400,000, and annual savings were projected at over $2.5 million. Barry Demak, director of sales, remarked, “we knew the economic justification…would be strong, but we were surprised the actual numbers were as high as they were.”
1. Where and under what circumstances is the “invest first, analyze later” approach appropriate? where and when is it inappropriate? Give specific examples of technologies and other circumstances.
2. How long do you think the “invest first , analyze later” approach will be appropriate for intranet projects? When (and why) will the emphasis shift to traditional project justification approaches? (Or has the shift already occurred?)
3. What are the risks of going into projects that have not received a through financial analysis? How can organization reduce these risks?
4. Based on the numbers provided for Cadence Design System’s intranet project, use a spread sheet to calculate the net present value of the project. Assume a 5-year life for the system.
Home Depot is the world’s largest home-improvement retailer, a global company that is expanding rapidly (about 200 new stories every year). With over 1500 stories (mostly in the United States and Canada, and now expanding to other countries) and about 50,000 kinds of products in each store, the company is heavily dependent on It, Especially since it started to sell online.
To align its business and IT operations, Home Depot created a business and information service model, known as the Special Projects Support Team (SPST). This team collaborates both with the ISD and business colleagues on new projects, addressing a wide range of strategic occur at the intersection of business process. The team is composed of highly skilled employees. Actually, there are several teams, each with a director and mix of employees, depending on the project. For example, system developers, system administrators, security experts, and project managers can be on a team. The teams exist until the completion of a project; then they are dissolved and the members are assigned to new teams. All teams report to the SPST director, who reports to a VP of technology.To ensure collaboration among end users, the ISD and the SPST created structured (formal) relationships. The basic idea is to combine organizational structure and process flow, which is designed to do the following:
Promote known, predictable, and manageable work flow events, event sequences, and change management processes.
Online File W 15.11 shows how this kind of organization works for home depot’s e-commerce activites. There is a special EC steering committee which is connected to the CIO (who is a senior VP), to the Vp for marketing and advertising, and to the VP for merchandising (merchandising deals with procurement). The SPST is closely tied to the ISD, to marketing, and to merchandising. The data centre is shared with non-EC activities.
The SPST migrated to an e-commerce team in Aughust 2000 in order to construct a Website supporting a national catalog of products, which was completed in April 2001. (This catalog contains over 400,000 products from 11,000 vendors.) This project requires the collaboration of virtually every department in Home depot (e.g., in the figure). Also contracted services were involved. (the figure in online file W15.11 shows the work flow process.)
Since 2001, SPST has been continuously busy with Ec Intivatives, including improving the growing Home Depot online store. The cross departmental nature of the SPSt explains why it is an ideal structure to support the dyanamic, ever-changing work of the EC-related projects. The structure also consider the skills, strengtyhs, and the weeknesses of the It employees. The company offer both the online and offline training aimed at improving those skills. Home Depot is consistently ranked among the best places to work for IT employees.
2. The structure means that the SPST reports to both marketing and technology. This is known as a matrix structure. What are the potential advantages and problems?
Dartmouth College, one of the oldest in United States (founded in 1769), was one of the first to embrace the wireless revolution. Operating and maintain a campuswide information system with wires is very difficult. Since there are 161 buildings with more than 1,000 rooms on campus. In 2000, the college introduced a campuswide wireless network that includes more than 500 Wi-Fi (wireless fidelity: see chapter 6) systems. By the end of 2002, the entire campus became a fully wireless, always connected community – a microcosm that provides a peek at what neighborhood and organizational life may look like for the general population in just a few years.
To transform a wired campus to a wireless one requires lots of money. A computer science professor who initiated the idea at Dartmouth in 1999 decided to solicit the help of alumni working at cisco systems. These alumni arranged for a donation of the initial system, and cisco then provided more equipment at a discount. (Cisco and other companies now make similar donations to many collages and universities, writing off the difference between the retail and the discount prices for an income tax benefit.)
As a pioneer in campuswide wireless, Dartmouth has made many innovative usuages of the system, some of which are the following:
Students are developing new applications for the Wi-Fi. For eample, one student has applied for a patent on a personal-security device that pinpoints the location of the campus emergency services to one’s mobile device.
Students no longer have to remember campus phone numbers, as their mobile devices have all the numbers and can be accessed any where on campus.
Students primarily use laptop computers on the network. However, an increasing number of Internet-enabled PDAs and cell phones are used as well. The use of regular cell phones is on the decline on campus.
An extensive messaging system is used by the students, who send SMSs (Short Message Services) to each other. Messages reach the recipients in a split second, any time, anywhere, as long as they are sent and received within the network’s coverage area.
Usage of the Wi-Fi system is not confined just to messages, students can submit their class work by using the network, as well as watch streaming video and listen to Internet radio.
An analysis of wireless traffic on campus showed how the new network is changing and shaping campus behavior patterns. For example, students log on in short bursts, about 16 minutes at a time, probably checking their messages. They tend to plan themselves in a few favourite spots (dorms, TV room, student centre, and on a shaded bench on the green) where they use their computers, and they rarely connect beyond those places.
One student has written some code that calculates how far away a networked PDA user is from his or her next appointment, and then automatically adjusts the PDA’s reminder alarm schedule accordingly.
Professors are using wireless-based teaching methods. For example, students armed with Handspring visor PDA’s equipped with Internet access cards, can evaluate material presented in class and can vote on a multiple-choice questionnaire relating to the presented material. Tabulated results are shown in seconds, promoting discussions. According to faculty, the system “makes students want to give answers,” thus significantly increasing participation.
Faculty and students developed a special voice-over-IP application for PDAs and iPAQs that uses live two-way voice-over-IP chat.
2. Some says that the wireless system will become part of the background of everybody’s life – that the mobile devices are just an afterthought. Explain.
3. Is the system contributing to improved learning, or just adding entertainment that may reduce the time available for studying? Debate your point of view with students who hold a different opinion.
4. What are the major benefits of the wireless system over the previous wire line one? Do you think wire line systems will disappear from campus one day? (Do some research on the topic.)
Dartmouth College, one of the oldest in the United States (founded in 1769), was one of the first to embrace the wireless revolution. Operating and maintaining a campuswide information system with wires is difficult, since there are 161 buildings with more than 1,000 rooms on campus. In 2000, the college introduced a campuswide wireless network that includes more than 500 Wi-Fi (wireless fidelity) systems. By the end of 2002, the entire campus became a fully wireless, always-connected community—a microcosm that provides a peek at what neighborhood and organizational life may look like for the general population in just a few years.
To transform a wired campus to a wireless one requires lots of money. A computer science professor who initiated the idea at Dartmouth in 1999 decided to solicit the help of alumni working at Cisco Systems. These alumni arranged for a donation of the initial system, and Cisco then provided more equipment at a discount. (Cisco and other companies now make similar donations to many colleges and universities, writing off the difference between the retail and the discount prices for an income tax benefit.)
As a pioneer in campuswide wireless, Dartmouth has made many innovative usages of the system, some of which are the following:
Students are continuously developing new applications for the Wi-Fi. For example, one student has applied for a patent on a personal-security device that pinpoints the location of campus emergency services to one’s mobile device.
Students no longer have to remember campus phone numbers, as their mobile devices have all the numbers and can be accessed anywhere on campus.
Students primarily use laptop computers in the network. However, an increasing number of Internet-enabled PDAs and cell phones are used as well. The use of regular cell phones is on the decline on the campus.
Usage of the Wi-Fi system is not confined just to messages. Students can submit their classwork by using the network, as well as by watching streaming video and listening to Internet radio.
An analysis of wireless traffic on campus showed how the new network is changing and shaping campus behaviour patterns. For example, students log on in short burst, about 16 minutes at a time, probably checking their messages. They tend to plant themselves in a few favorite spots (dorms, TV room, student center, and on a shaded bench on the green) where they use their computers, and they rarely connect beyond those places.
One student has written a code that calculates how far away a networked PDA user is from his or her next appointment, and then automatically adjusts the PDA’s reminder alarm schedule accordingly.
Professors are using wireless-based teaching methods. For example, students can evaluate material presented in class and can vote online on a multiple-choice questionnaire relating to the presented material. Tabulated results are shown in seconds, promoting discussions. According to faculty, the system “makes students want to give answer,” thus significantly increasing participation.
Faculty and students developed a special voice-over-IP application for PDAs and iPAQs that uses live two-say voice-over-IP chat
1. In what ways is the Wi-Fi technology changing the life of Dartmouth students? Relate your answer to the concept of the digital society.
2. Some say that the wireless system will become part of the background of everybody’s life—that the mobile devices are just an afterthought. Explain.
4. What are the major benefits of the wireless system over the previous wireline one? Do you think wireline systems will disappear from campuses one day? (Do some research on the topic.)
Maybelline is a leader in color cosmetics products (eye shadow, mascara, etc.), selling them in more than 70 countries worldwide (maybelline.com). The company uses hundreds of salespeople (field merchandising representatives, or “reps”), who visit drugstores, discount stores, supermarkets, and cosmetics specialty stores, in an attempt to close deals. This method of selling has proved to be fairly effective, and it is used by hundreds of other manufacturers such as Kodak, Nabisco, and Procter & Gamble. Sales managers from any company need to know, as quickly as possible, when a deal is closed or if there is any problem with the customer.
Information technology has been used extensively to support sales reps and their managers. Until 2000, Maybelline, as well as many other large consumer product manufacturers, equipped reps with an interactive voice response (VR) system, by means of which they were to enter, every evening, information about their daily activities. This solution required that the reps collect data with paper-based surveys completed for every store they visited each day. For example, the reps noted how each product was displayed, how much stock was available, how items were promoted, etc. In addition to the company’s products the reps surveyed the competitors’ products as well. In the evening, the reps translated the data collected into answers to the voice response system which asked them routine questions. The reps answered by pressing the appropriate telephone keys.
The IVR system was not the perfect way to transmit sales data. For one thing, the IVR system consolidated information, delivering it to top management as a hard copy. However, unfortunately, these reports sometimes reached top management days or weeks too late, missing important changes in trends and the opportunities to act on them in time. Frequently, the reps themselves were late in reporting, thus further delaying the needed information.
Even if the reps did report on time, information was inflexible, since all reports were menu-driven. With the voice system the reps answered only the specific questions that applied to a situation. To do so, they had to wade through over 50 questions, skipping the irrelevant ones. This was a waste of time. In addition, some of the material that needed to be reported had no matching menu questions. Considering a success in the 1990s, the system was unable to meet the needs of the twenty-first century. It was cumbersome to set up and operate and was also prone to input errors.
Maybelline replaced the IVR by equipping its reps with a mobile system, called Merchandising Sales Portfolio (MSP), from Thinque Corp. (thinque.com, now part of meicpg.com). It runs on handheld, pen-based PDAs, which have hand-writing recognition capability (from NEC), powered by Microsoft’s CE operating system. The system enables reps to enter their information by hand-writing their reports directly at the clients’ sites. From the handheld device, data can be uploaded to a Microsoft SQL Server database at headquarters every evening. A secured Internet connection links to the corporate intranet (a synchronization process). The new system also enables district managers to electronically send daily schedules and other important information to each rep.
The system also replaced some of the functions of the EDI (electronic data interchange) system, the pride of the 1990s. For example, the reps’ report include inventory-scanned data from retail stores. These are processed quickly by an order management system, and passed whenever needed to the shipping department for inventory replenishment.
In addition to routine information, the new system is used for decision support. It is not enough to speed information along the supply chain; managers need to know the reasons why certain products are selling well, or not so well, in every location. They need to know what the conditions are at retail stores affecting the sales of each product, and they need to know it in a timely manner. The new system offers those capabilities.
The system provided managers at Maybelline headquarters with an interactive link with the mobile field force. Corporate planners and decision makers can now respond much more quickly to situations that need attention. The solution is helping the company forge stronger ties with its retailers, and it considerably reduces the amount of after-hours time that the reps spend on data transfer to headquarters (from 30-50 minutes per day to seconds).
The new system also performs market analysis that enables managers to optimize merchandising and customer service efforts. It also enables Maybelline to use a more sophisticated interactive voice response unit—to capture data for special situations. Moreover, it provides browser-based reporting tools that enable managers, regardless of where they are, to view retail information within hours of its capture. Using the error-checking and validation feature in the MSP system, reps make significantly fewer data entry errors.
Finally, the quality of life of Maybelline reps has been greatly improved. Not only do they save 30 to 40 minutes per day, buy also their stress level has been significantly reduced. As a result, employee turnover has declined appreciably, saving money for the company.
1. IVR systems are still popular. What advantages do they have over even older systems in which the reps mailed or faxed reports?
4. The existing technology enables transmission of data any time an employee can access the Internet with a wireline. Technically, the system can be enhanced so that the data can be sent wirelessly from any location as soon as they are entered. Would you recommend a wireless system to Maybelline? Why or why not?
Sears, Roebuck and Company, the largest department store chain and the third-largest retailer in the United States, was caught by surprise in the 1980s as shoppers defected to specialty stores and discount mass merchandisers, causing the firm to lose market share rapidly. In an attempt to change the situation, Sears used several response strategies, ranging from introducing its own specialty stores (such as Sears Hardware) to restructuring its mall-based stores. Recently, Sears has moved to selling on the Web. It discontinued its over 100-year old paper catalog. Accomplishing the transformation and restructuring required the retooling of its information systems.
Sears had 18 data centers, one in each of 10 geographical regions as well as one each for marketing, finance, and other departments. The first problem was created when the reorganization effort produced only seven geographical regions. Frequent mismatches between accounting and sales figures and information scattered among numerous databases users to query multiple systems, even when they needed an answer to a simple query. Furthermore, users found that data that were already summarized made it difficult to conduct analysis at the desired level of detail. Finally, errors were virtually inevitable when calculations were based on data from several sources.
To solve these problems, Sears constructed a single sales information data warehouse. The replaced the 18 old databases which were packed with redundant, conflicting, and sometimes obsolete data. The new data warehouse is a simple repository of relevant decision-making data such as authoritative data for key performance indicators, sales inventories, and profit margins. Sears, known for embracing IT on a dramatic scale, completed the data warehouse and its IT reengineering efforts in under one year—a perfect IT turnaround story.
Using an NCR enterprise server, the initial 1.7 terabyte (1.7 trillion bytes) data warehouse is part of a project dubbed the Strategic Performance Reporting System (SPRS). By 2003, the data warehouse had grown to over 70 terabytes. SPRS includes comprehensive sales data; information on inventory in stores, in transit, and at distribution centers; and cost per item. This has enabled Sears to track sales by individual items (skus) in each of its 1,950 stores (including 810 mall-based stores) in the United States and 1,600 international stores and catalog outlets. Thus, daily margin by item per store can be easily computed, for example. Furthermore, Sears now fine-tunes its buying, merchandising, and marketing strategies with previously unattainable precision.
SPRS is open to all authorized employees, who now can view each day’s sales from a multidimensional perspective (by region, district, store, product line, and individual item). Users can specify any starting and ending dates for special sales reports, and all data can be accessed via a highly user-friendly graphical interface. Sears managers can now monitor the precise impact of advertising, weather, and other factors on sales of specific items. This means that Sears merchandise buyers and other specialists can examine and adjust, if needed inventory quantities, merchandising, and order placement, along with myriad other variables, almost immediately, so they can respond quickly to environmental changes. SPRS users can also group together widely divergent kinds of products, for example, tracking sales of items marked as “gifts under $25.” Advertising staffers can follow so-called “great items,” drawn from vastly different departments, that are splashed on the covers of promotional circulars. SPRS enables extensive data mining, but only on sku- and location-related analysis.
In 1998 Sears created a large customer database, dubbed LCI (Leveraging Customer Information), which contained customer-related sale information (which was not available on SPRS). The LCI enables hourly records of transactions, for example, guiding hourly promotion (such as 15% discounts for early-bird shoppers).
In the holiday season of 2001, Sears decided to replace its regular 10% discount promotion by offering deep discount during early shopping hours. The new promotion, which was based on SPRS, failed, and only when LCI was used was the problem corrected. This motivated Sears to combine LCI and SPRS in a single platform, which enables sophisticated analysis (in 2002).
By 2001, Sears also had the following Web initiatives: an e-commerce home improvement center, a B2B supply exchange for the retail industry, a toy catalog (wishbook.com), an e-procurement system, and much more. All of these Web-marketing initiatives feed data into the data warehouse, and their planning and control are based on accessing the data warehouse.
The ability to monitor sales by item per store enables Sears to create a sharp local market focus. For example, Sears keeps different shades of paint colors in different cities to meet local demands. Therefore, sales and market share have improved. Also, Web-based data monitoring of sales at LCI helps Sears to plan marketing and Web advertising.
At its inception, the data warehouse hand been used daily over 3,000 buyers, replenishers, marketers, strategic planner, logistics and finance analysts, and store managers. By 2004, there were over 6,000 users, since users found the system very beneficial. Response time to queries has dropped from days to minutes for typical requests. Overall, the strategic impact of the SPRS-LCI data warehouse is that it offers Sears employees a tool for making better decisions, and Sears retailing profits have climbed more than 20 percent annually since SPRS was implemented.
Dollar General (dollargeneral.com) operates more than 6,000 general stores in the United States, fiercely competing with Wal-Mart, Target, and thousands of other stores in the sale of food, apparel, home-cleaning products, health and beauty aids, and more. The chain doubled in size between 1996 and 2002 and has had some problems in addition to the stiff competition, due to its rapid expansion. For example, moving into new states means different sales taxes, and these need to be closely monitored for changes. Personal management also became more difficult with the organization’s growth. an increased number of purchasing orders exacerbated problems in the accounts payable department, which was using manual matching of purchasing orders, invoices, and what was actually received in the “receiving” department before bills were paid.
The IT department was flooded with request to generate long reports on topics ranging from asset management to general ledgers. It became clear that a better information system was needed. Dollar General started by evaluating information requirements that would be able to solve the above and other problems that cut into the company’s profit.
A major factor in deciding which software to buy was the integration requirement among the existing information systems of the various functional areas, especially the financial applications. This led to the selection of the Financials suite (from Lawson Software). The company started to implement applications one at the time. Before 1998, the company installed the suite’s asset management, payroll, and some HR applications which allow the tens of thousands of employees to monitor and self-update their benefits, 401k contributions, and personal data (resulting in big savings to the HR department). After 1998, the accounts payable and general ledger modules of Lawson Software were activated. The accounting modules allow employees to route, extract, and analyze data in the accounting/finance area with little reliance on IT personnel. During 2001-2003, Dollar General moved into the sales and procurement areas, thus adding the marketing and operation activities to the integrated system.
Here are a few examples of how various parts of the new system work: All sales data from the point-of-sale scanners of some 6,000 stores are pulled each night, together with financial data, discounts, etc., into the business intelligence application for financial and marketing analysis. Employee payroll data, from each store, are pulled once a week. This provides synergy with the sales audit system (from STS Software). All sales data are processed nightly by the STS System, broken into hourly journal entries, processed and summarized, and then entered into the Lawson’s general ledger module.
The original infrastructure was mainframe based (IBM AS 400). By 2002, the 800 largest suppliers of Dollar General were submitting their bills on the EDI. This allowed instantaneous processing in the accounts payable module. By 2003, service providers, such as utilities, were added to the system. To do all this the system was migrated in 2001 from the old legacy system to the Unix operating system, and then to a Web-based infrastructure, mainly in order to add Web-based functionalities and tools.
A development tool embedded in Lawson’s Financials allowed users to customize applications without touching the computer programming code. This included applications that are not contained in the Lawson system. For example, an employee-bonus applications was not available at Lawson, but was added to Financial’s payroll module to accommodate Dollar General’s bonus system. A customized application that allowed additions and changes in dozens of geographical areas also solved the organization’s state sales-tax collection and reporting problem.
The system is very scalable, so there is not problem in adding stores, vendors, applications, or functionalities. In 2003, the system was completely converted to Web-based, enabling authorized vendors, for example, to log on the Internet and view the status of their invoices by themselves. Also the Internet/EDI enables small vendors to use the system. (An EDI is too expensive for small vendors, but the EDI/Internet is affordable.) Also, the employment can update personal data from any Web-enabled desktop in the store or at home. Future plans call for adding an e-purchasing (procurement) module using a desktop purchasing model.
1. Explain why the old, nonintegrated functional system created problems for the company. Be specific.
2. The new system cost several millions dollars. Why, in your opinion, was it necessary to install it?
3. Lawson Software Smart Notification Software (lawson.com) is being considered by Dollar General. Find information about the software and write an opinion for adopting or rejection.
4. Another new product of Lawson is Service Automation. Would you recommend it to Dollar General? Why or why not?
Airlines fly around the globe, mostly with their native crew. Singapore Airlines and Malaysia Airlines are relatively small airlines, but they serve dozens of different countries. If a crewmember is ill on route, there is a problem of quickly finding a replacement. This is just one example why crew scheduling may be complex, especially when it is subject to regulatory constraints, contract agreements and crew preferences. Disturbances such as weather conditions, maintenance problems, etc, also make crew management difficult.
Singapore Airlines uses Web-based intelligent systems including expert systems and neural computing to manage the company’s flight crew scheduling and handle disruptions to the crew rosters. The Integrated Crew Management System (ICMS) project, implemented in Singapore since 1997, consists of three modules: one roster assignment module for cockpit crew, one for the cabin crew, and a crew tracking module. The first two modules automate the tracking and scheduling of the flight crew’s timetable. The second module tracks the positions of the crew and includes an intelligent system that handles crew patterns disruptions.
For example, crews are rearranged if one member falls ill while in a foreign port; the system will find a backup in order to prevent understaffing on the scheduled flight. The intelligent system then determines the best way to reschedule the different crew members’ rosters to accommodate the sick person. When a potentially disruptive situation occurs, the intelligent system automatically draws upon the knowledge stored in the database and advises the best course of action. This might mean repositioning the crew or calling in backup staff. The crew tracking system includes a crew disruption handling module that provides decision support capabilities in real time.
A similar Web-based system is used by Malaysia Airlines, as of summer 2003, to optimize flight crew utilization. Also called ICMS, it leverages optimization software from ilog.com. Its Crew Pairing Optimization (CPO) module utilizes Ilog Cplex and Ilog Solver optimization components to ensure compliance with airline regulations, trade union agreements, and company policies, to minimize the costs associated with crew accommodations and transportation and to efficiently plan and optimize staff utilization and activities associated with long-term planning and daily operations. The Crew Duty Assignment (CDA) module provides automatic assignment of duties to all flight crews. The system considers work rules, regulatory requirements, and crew requests to produce an optimal monthly crew roster.
Despite the difficult economic times, both airless are competing successfully in the region, and their balance sheets are better than most other airlines.
4. The airlines use ADSs for their pricing strategy (pricing and yield optimization). Can they use an ADS for crew management? Why or why not?
Equipped creature gets +1/-1. When equipped creature is put into a graveyard, draw two cards. Equip {1} ({1}: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery. This card enters the battlefield unattached and stays on the battlefield if the creature leaves.) player, you may pay 2G. If you do, choose a color. Put a 1/1 green Saproling creature token into play for each permanent of that color.
Also, there were many laws that are in place to prevent these actions from happening, these laws have stiff penalties already set up for those who still commit an act of discrimination.
As a part of our culture, religions has tended to stir up controversy. But racial discrimination is not just among the whites and blacks, it is among all of the races.Examples of discrimination essay topics, questions and thesis satatements.
It begins by defining racism and discrimination and differentiating.Racial Discrimination against Black Americans essay writing service, custom Racial Discrimination against Black Americans papers, term papers, free Racial.Racial discrimination is molesting the equality principle as cited in the first article of the Universal Declaration of.
Places like Fox News had many articles containing incidents of racial discrimination, as well as preventive way to handle this.
Bonilla-Silva classifies the new racial discrimination as color blind racism. This essay assignment was designed to equip students with an understanding of.In fact, the U.S. legal system embraced for over 70 years a system of state-sponsored racial Segregation in schools, transportation, and public accommodations.If you want our custom roots to assist you fully place your essays on racial discrimination on our research.As you can see I was harassed because I was white and at time it looked like I was going to get beat up but, luckily I never did get beat up or hurt but, millions of other people out there are not as lucky as I am.
This statistic means hat Affirmative Action is not doing its job.Writing a custom paper is work through many steps confide your dissertation.Racial discrimination is defined as treating people differently in daily life only because they are of different race or ethnicity.The drivers were too afraid to go into that neighborhood, and Dominos got sued for being racists(Time Magazine).One of the most common elements discriminated against is a persons ethnicity, or their race.Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers discrimination meaning, definition.
Religious discrimination is still around due to the fact that others believe that their religion is better than another.This enables us to guarantee a 100% security of your funds and process payments swiftly. 4 Get your paper done After the writer completes the paper you will receive an email asking to check the preview version of it.Got an assignment to write an informative racial discrimination essay.Get the knowledge you need in order to pass your classes and.The Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 164 prohibits employers from discriminating against a person because of their religion or beliefs.
By the time talking to the campus police I decided to transfer to St.Direct discrimination is when a company knowingly discriminates against a person due to their gender not their qualities.
In the workplace there is a great deal of evidence that shows racial and gender discrimination still are apart of the American workplace.
But others say no, due to the fact that if a kid is less fortunate, than that kid should work harder to get into a school of his or her choice.The reason why I went to MVSU is because I had received a full ride scholarship to run track and play football.
We discriminate on people because of their color, beliefs, gender, and sexuality.High quality papers More than 1000 satisfied customers chose and are still using our essay writing help services and we never let them down.The Fourteenth Amendment proved to be the most profound and far-reaching of all federal Reconstruction legislation.Human beings share the common yet distinctive anatomical structure.
Dominos delivery would not even send their delivery boys into the bad parts of Washington D.C. because they were scared to venture into a place that was unknown to them. Racial discrimination is one of the worst kinds of discrimination, but if people look at the color of a human beings skin, instead of the person that they really are, than we are all in for a long, long period of hatred.
Sorry, Javascript is disabled on your machine. Enable Javascript or Please open the site on any other Browser
Victorian based Kencor Sales is your leading construction supply specialists. We have been providing building supply solutions to industry, government and trades since 1992 and continue to be preferred and major suppliers for developments throughout Victoria.
Make us your first call for construction fasteners, epoxy and grouts, sealants and adhesives, screws, concrete repair and lifting accessories, and other building products including star pickets and barrier mesh.
Telephone or visit our any of our three sales offices for the best service, competitive pricing and product selection on supplies including construction fasteners, star pickets, concrete repair accessories, fire sealant, epoxy and grout.
As a premier supplier of construction fasteners and other building supplies, we sell leading brands including Powers Fasteners, Sika, Simpson Strong-Tie, Bosch, Paslode, Dymark, Epirez, Hobson, Pfderd, Position Partners, Ramset and Reid.
We are also a member of Construction Supply Specialists (CSS), a nationwide alliance of independently owned and operated specialist supply companies ensuring you get leading brands, quality products and after sales care. Our association with this national supply network means we can easily source the products you require.
Rely on Kencor to deliver construction fasteners and the building products you need, when and where you need them.
Browse our extensive product range and order online today or contact us via fax or telephone. We are specialists in the supply of construction fasteners, star pickets, epoxy and grouts, sealants and adhesives, screws, concrete repair and lifting accessories, and other building products.
Wow...we had 109 entries into our last challenge!!! The variety of projects submitted was awesome and the creativity of our readers is amazing!!!
So...I would like to offer congratulations to ArtyAndrea entry #82 who was the randomly selected winner from our #140 Anything Goes challenge.
ArtyAndrea, be sure to email Tammylee to claim your prize at Craftyscrapper2@yahoo.com. Please put MyGrafico winner in your subject line.
Once again the designers had various products to work with and have created such wonderful projects to share with you this week.
Jovita worked with this wonderful Traditional Christmas Stamp digital stamp kit from Zenware Designs.
Please link up directly to your project here on this blog post by Sunday, December 9 to be eligible for a wonderful prize.
Our designers were given various products to work with and they have really come up with some wonderful ideas for you, so get ready to be inspired.
Dawn got to work with this amazing holiday kit titled Vintage Christmas Label Stamps by Lindsay's Stamp Stuff:
don't you just LOVE the variety of these projects...just the right thing to get you in the mood for our next challenge:
Please link up directly to your project here on this blog post by Sunday, November 25 to be eligible for a wonderful prize.
A quick post to offer congratulations to Maria for being selected as our random winner from our #139 Halloween theme challenge. Maria submitted this fantastic project:
Maria, be sure to email Tammylee to claim your prize at Craftyscrapper2@yahoo.com. Please put MyGrafico winner in your subject line.
Its time again for another post full of inspiration from our designers and another challenge. This time our designers worked again with di...
I am just letting everyone know that this challenge has ended. Thank you all for coming back each week to play along with the design team! ...
June Challenge Winners Announcement ! All winners are drawn by RANDOM.ORG & Win one set of choice 5.00 or less from the MyGrafico.com ...
Welcome to another inspirational post from our amazing design team. Each designer worked with different products from the store and have cr...
Hello and welcome to another post full of inspiration from our amazing designers. This time the designers each worked with a different set,...
Hello and welcome to another fabulous post from our amazing designers! I am sure you will agree that the designs you are about to see are a...
Hello again everyone thanks for stopping by for our Tuesday Tutorial! I am busy preparing for the bad snow storm at the moment so this is ...
Hello Again Everyone, It's Tuesday! and today is the first of our technique/ tutorials Yup were doing new stuff all the time ! Don'...
Hello and welcome to the start of another challenge and project showcase from the designers!!! This post we have a wide variety of projects...
* This blog contains affiliate advertising.I am affiliated with Amazon and Vera Bradley and will receive a commission from your purchase made through my links, that is how I support my blog. All opinions are my own.
I welcome your feedback and comments. If you have a question or a specific request, do not hesitate, I am here to help! Thanks, S.
Between our driveway and the main front door of the house, there is a stone walk. Nobody uses the main front door, which leads into a proper entrance hall. Instead, they use the second-best front door, which is closer to the driveway, is sheltered by a porch, and leads right into the living room.
The stone walk to the main front door consists of big slabs of local slate laid in a graceful curve across the lawn. Although nobody uses that walk, everybody sees it, and the spaces between the slabs used to be a breeding ground for dandelions, ground ivy and various other weeds. Every couple of weeks in the summer I would spend hours crouched over the broiling slate, pulling weeds up by the roots.
Then someone advised me to plant creeping thyme in the dirt between the slabs. The thyme would bloom and look pretty, I was assured, and form thick mats that would keep weeds at bay. This sounded wonderful to me, and I went right out and spent $90 on tiny thyme plants. Not only did the little plants root right away, but they bloomed--some blue, some pink, some white. That first year, my never-used stone walk was the most adorable spot on the property.
While the thyme was getting established, it behooved me to keep it free from weeds, and this I did faithfully, working just as hard as I had before I planted it. Winter came and went, and when the snow melted there was the creeping thyme, thicker and healthier than ever, spreading like spilled gravy over the stone slabs. And it was forming mats, all right, but through those mats all the old foes--dandelions, ground ivy et al.--were sprouting undeterred.
Figuring that the thyme needed help while it formed the ultimate weed-deterring mats, I weeded it. But pulling the weeds that came through the mats was entirely different from the kind of weeding I was used to. Now, if I dug up a weed, I was likely to root up a goodly portion of the precious thyme along with it, so I had to be really careful. Eyebrow tweezers would have been just the thing, but I have a sense of proportion, so I struggled on with my regular weeder, trying to spare the thyme while making sure I got each weed by the root.
It was a nightmare. It was fussy and imprecise and impossible, and it took twice as long as when the thyme wasn't there. But the thyme was lovely when it flowered pink and blue and white again, and one of my friends noticed and admired it. So I saw it through until the fall.
When the snow melted a couple of weeks ago, there was the thyme, undeterred by the extra-long winter. But so were the weeds: the dandelion's yellow blooms, the ground ivy's deep blue dots were all over the supposedly weed-snuffing thyme. I got out my weeding tool and tried to uproot a few of the invaders. But it was no use. The thyme carpet itself was making it impossible to get at the bottom of the weeds.
Reader, I got upset. I threw down my weeding tool, snapped off my gardening gloves, stomped my left foot. I looked around. There was the newly-emerald field, the bright blue sky. There was the red-winged blackbird, and the honeybee. I had rhubarb to cut and spinach to pick and dogs to entertain. What price a pristine thyme-walk?
I got out my weed whacker and decapitated the yellow dandelions and the blue ground ivy and the blades of grass. The thyme was too close to the ground to be affected much, and if that enables it to win against the taller weeds, great. If not, too bad. You know what Emerson said about a foolish consistency. My mind may be half gone, but it is not little.
Eulalia, did you dare to stomp your left foot? Such passion in you! I would not fear Emerson's hobgoblins were I you. Your mind seems fully intact. I believe creeping thyme is the bane of us all...and they say it's more valuable than money.
I tried this on a rock patio we inherited. it was all weeds (mine are indian strawberry and wild violet) and I tried creeping thyme. The violets were too much for it, frankly. And I instead took up the rock patio and put a deck over it.
I love violets. Here in Vermont I actually leave them alone, but in Maryland they would take over everything.
Oh Lali, yes the aggressive plants will keep coming but you'll see that thyme is one of them and can withstand. The weed whipper is a fine answer and then you need to alter the perception that sees a problem.
Dona, I was surprised and pleased to see that the weed whipper (whacker?)did go far enough down to cut the thyme. Maybe that is the answer.
Thank you for this post. I have had a similar experience and wish more folks new that creeping thyme is FAR from maintenance free. So glad to know I'm not the only one who has struggled to keep it looking reasonable.
I think this year will spell its final doom. I can hardly see any thyme peeping through the weeds, alas.
I'm not sure but, it would seem to me that some weed preventer, (Preen) sprinkled in the thyme might keep all those weeds from sprouting. And yes, I have struggled with this "maintenance free stuff"
I don't know that there exists any maintenance-free plant. If I decided to start growing them, even dandelions would need work.
This thread is a bit old, but I was glad to find it. For 10 years I have been hunched over picking out the weeds from my woolly thyme in a rather large patio of stones. This year, I had shoulder surgery and just couldn't face it. I had a guy weed eat and it looked OK, but now the weeds are back with a vengeance, yet there is a ton of thyme still. I am thinking we are just going to have to break down and mow it. My husband is saying "spray it all with weed killer, to heck with the thyme", but I must have several hundred dollars worth of thyme! Oh dear. Dilemma dilemma.
Hold the weed killer! In my experience, frequent use of the weed eater/ whacker/whipper keeps both weeds and thyme down to an acceptable level.
I love my Elfin Thyme. I replaced my two sod areas (about 500 sq feet) with Elfin Thyme and it is beautiful. No more weed wacker and mowing and no more mo and blow gardeners. There were way more weeds when I had sod and now there are no weeds when the Elfin thyme grows together and I am a totally organic gardener and use pumice and very low nitrogen vegan compost. It has little purplish lavender magenta flowers and the California blue bellies love sunbathing on top. The bees love them too! I believe Thyme probably does better in Coastal California than in the ice cold winters of Vermont.
I agree. The thyme must love the California dryness, whereas the weeds thrive in the moisture of Vermont.
I know this is an old article, but I found it while searching for ways to keep weeds and grass out of a Thyme lawn. You see, this happened to me when I lived in Colorado. I removed all of my grass and put in a Thyme lawn. Quite expensive. And what you describe is exactly what happened. I had to give up on it. Now, putting in new landscaping in a new home, the thought cropped into my brain again. And maybe there was a way to prevent it from happening. Maybe someone had found a way to have a Thyme lawn for more than 2 seasons. But I found your article and it snapped me back to my reality. I don't have another Thyme lawn in me...not the physical, not the financial. Thank you for the reminder!
Pranay Perumalla,a 24 year old newly married guy who belongs to dalit community was hacked to death near Jyothi hospital,Miryalaguda.A unknown guy stabbed him...
Environment friendly electric autos (E-Autos)will hit the city shortly. Vexed with the high pollution and traffic woes being caused by the diesel and petrol...
It was aware that the govt declared 3 days holidays for all govt and corporate schools in the state because of the excess heat...
Watch your favorite girlfriend porn videos from WatchMyGF. The truth behind the universal but flawed catchphrase for creativity. When a diabolical pirate above the sea steals the secret Krabby Patty formula SpongeBob his nemesis Plankton must team up in order to get it back. Download Film Spongebob Squarepants Heroes Of Bikini Bottom Download Files.
Our Watch my GF porn tube created specially for mobile devices to make your user experience of viewing amateur porn on Iphone Android device real nice!
Author Topic: Part time Jobs in Philadelphia; Pennsylvania that pay $15, $25, $30, $40, $50, $60 an hour online (Read 739 times)
500 Startups is a leading global venture capital seed fund and startup accelerator. We manage $200M in assets and invest in 1300+ technology start-ups. A hypothetical startup will get about $15,000 from family and friends, about $200,000 from an angel investor three months later, and about $2 Million from a VC another six months later. If all goes well. See how funding works in this infographic:
Piper is paid $20.00 to make this post . If this post is made of 20 communities that's $400 See demo 2
Just about everyone would like to retire early. You must either amass enough savings, or you have to develop other means to generate a passive income that you can live on.
Moms from all over the world flipping new homes for builders because it's as easy as pie. The marketplace makes it simple. Earn over $34,000.00 on home down payments each month .
Please note that no real work is required. All you need to do is reply to emails in the way we show you
If customer is interested in a particular condo they will first send you an email. Forward the information to Palm Beach Realty to close the deal. You get 70% of that $30,000 sent directly wired to your bank account or through us ..That's an easy sweet $21,000 for the month in your bank account. Do this from anywhere in the world .
The more partners we have with different email accounts and websites is the more exposure for us, the more we become a household name.
We also get funding from Billionaire Investors in Vancouver, Montreal, Toronto, & Florida every time our partners do great
Sub-orbital altitude solar/rocket powered mother ship launch vehicle THE NORTH STAR: What is the use of this ?
It could carry rapidly a large space vessel into orbit to be constructed there or on the Moon to go to Jupiter ( Mars enroute ) perhaps even Saturnus.
You truly want convenience stores to double down on convenience at every opportunity, ensuring everything is as simple as possible the minute you walk through the doorway. However, for lovers of Apple Pay and Google Pay, this has not been the situation at 7-Eleven. Until this month, that’s.It’s been a long time coming, but 7-Eleven is going to encourage both of these contactless payment solutions, banishing the annoyance — or even sheer inconvenience — of having to handle fiddly fish or coins about for a invoice whenever you hit the voucher.It means that provided that you have a compatible smartphone or smartwatch, you’ll be able to just tap your device on the store’s reader once you go to pay for your goods. OK, it is not quite as easy as Amazon’s super-convenient Go shop , but it’s a step in the perfect direction, for certain.Support for Apple Purchase and Google Pay is rolling out in the vast majority of all 7-Eleven’s U.S. shops throughout September, adding to the organization’s other mobile payment options which also include Samsung Pay.”Frictionless experiences are the future, and also digital payments are crucial to such encounters,” 7-Eleven executive Gurmeet Singh stated in a release.Singh said 7-Eleven’s aim is to”adopt consumer-facing technology to enhance the customer experiences, as well as the technology that operate behind the scenes to guarantee seamless and effortless interactions.”Other efforts by 7-Eleven from the tech space include its 7-Eleven Now program that enables online ordering, and 7Rewards, an app-based customer loyalty program which allows shoppers earn and redeem points in the checkout. If you’re new to the idea of making contactless payments using your iPhone or Android apparatus, Digital Trends has all the information you want. Have a look at this page to discover how to utilize Apple Pay, and that one to learn all about Google Pay. And as we’ve already said it, here’s everything you want to know about Samsung Pay, too.
The US Air Force has a penchant for developing officers, but the ‘general’ it’s working on right now doesn’t have
Sarah Huckabee Sanders yesterday accused CNN’s Jim Acosta of “inappropriate behavior” towards a White House intern, citing this as the
Take-Two Interactive revealed this week it’d be opening the public beta for Red Dead Online, the multiplayer component of its unbelievably
Stories are short, ephemeral blobs of content — videos and pictures, mostly — which Snapchat popularized in 2013, followed by
Social trading platform eToro has finally begun rolling out its cryptocurrency wallet to Android and iOS users. The wallet, which
In what could prove to be a groundbreaking case, the US Securities and Exchange Commission has charged the founder of
Sometimes, the smoking gun in a sexual child abuse case can be something totally unremarkable — a plastic bag in
An Australian researcher has received a prestigious award from the nation’s top computer society, specifically for his pioneering contributions to
Mexico and Chile are among a host of countries that may follow the European Union’s lead in playing hardball on
Tip: You can also use your right and left arrow keys on your keyboard to move pages, and press F11 for full screen!
When people go online in order to seek information, they usually end up utilizing means in order to best find this great article they are trying to find. At the end of the day, when they are able to determine if a web page contains the info they are looking for, they become better equipped in searching, comprehending, and even seeking the information they want to access at any given point, but especially through search engines like yahoo.
You can enhance the user knowledge in a content material rich webpage by take notice to the article headings. The headings play a vital role in two ways-one when the consumer is already surfing the website and the other illustrates the effectiveness of the web page in advertising, search results and so forth This helps in driving people to the website.
In hypertext process (HTML), titles are items of text that contain rich items. Headings vip-mebel.su generally contain primary keywords that express the typical topic belonging to the website. In most cases, a heading is a sections or hierarchical label which gives the users basic information about the articles of the site, alongside additional relevant data with respect to the aspect of this content.
When you are trying to find certain websites, heading may play an important position in whether or not the page appears at all inside the results of any internet search engine inquiry. When ever search engines examine the Internet for the purpose of per tenant information and related websites, they tend to consider the intending. Thus, headings are very essential. This means that to your website for being search engine improved, you must put major keywords in your heading that genuinely reflect the contents from the page.
Furthermore, besides having all of your basic explanatory HTML code headings, you should also give significant priority to prospects headings which in turn relate to the major blocks of text on the website. That general labeling gives visitors which includes notion in regards to what the articles consist of.
Inside the results delivered on a internet search engine, in-text headings are very crucial as the search engines generally use them to label the affected person links resulting from the search. This will afterward help the searcher determine whether or not the heading has enough significance to their search that they are performing. By using a reliable heading, you are already offering the user superb convenience by simply increasing convenience and user friendliness of the website.
Even more important, the headings might guide the customer in their hunt for the complete elements of the web-site one they have arrived at the web page. When headings on the site will be truly reflective of the subject matter of the internet site, the whole web page is a more usable site since the user will not locate any web pages designed to deceived the user in to thinking that they will find the information they are looking for when they refuse to.
When you have the data on your site divided into titles with brands regarding what information are available under each are then you definitely will make existence a lot easier for your users. You will find that most people usually are interested in the entire page anyway, but the particular specific component that has the info they want. These types of headings can easily guide users in a more satisfying and pleasurable web encounter. In addition , you are given a general idea about how exactly information is organized by website and how the website hierarchical structure is designed to present their contents. When users acquire this information, they will build a better understanding and turn much more familiar with the ideas explored in the information presented. Proper headings allow viewers to glance through your articles and select just those portions they actually require. This is incredibly helpful and does not necessarily trigger any impairment in their understanding of the topic. The most simple use of titles is when text-heavy internet pages utilize a tiny portion of desk of details at the top of the page, the place that the information is certainly subdivided into their respective headings. In this way, users are already competent to have an over-all understanding of the particular website consists of in a immediate and straightforward approach. Thus, if the table of contents is additionally link-activated, it is going to allow for these to skip just to the information they need.
All explained and performed, headings make simpler and boost a home page's content by simply correctly classifying the information and making it reader friendly. It allows you to find the data via a internet search engine and once they come to the webpage, they can understand the text and simply find the knowledge they are trying to find conveniently and a short period of time.
Description: Plastimarket2020: servicio boutique para el Diseño y la Fabricación de Packaging Flexible, con estética resaltante… Read more...
Regata Hotel is situated in the heart of Bandung, in Pasteur district. Among the various facilities of this property you will also find free self-parking, a designated smoking place and a safety deposit box.
Cihampelas Walk is 1400 meters from the property, while Parahyangan Catholic University is 1050 meters away. It is just 4 km to the downtown of Bandung.
Offering city views, all rooms have individual climate control, a personal safe and a writing table. Each room includes a bathroom with a hairdryer, toiletries and bath sheets.
The property provides a rich breakfast every morning. Guests can savor the culinary delights of international cuisine served at the pizza restaurant. The 24-hour bar features karaoke and complimentary wireless internet offered for entertainment. Serving a wide assortment of dishes, Sangkuriang Restoran and Dapur Sangkuriang are about 150 meters from the property.
24-hour room service, a laundry room and housekeeping along with cars for rent are available at this hotel.
Located adjacent to a forest area, the Allee Beach House is about six blocks from the wonderful Westport beaches. It's also just blocks from the historic Gray's Harbor Lighthouse, a must see as it's the tallest in Washington and third tallest on the West Coast!
From the house, it's only a short drive to the Westport Marina area where you can walk the piers, reserve your spot on a charter fishing boat, or even drop a crab pot right there. Kids love catching those sea critters.
This is a single story home with a large deck, where you can enjoy the sun as you grill up that Salmon or Halibut you caught while charter fishing.
The living area has comfy furniture and lots of natural light where you can sit and chat for hours. However, you might also want to spend time on the covered and screened in sun porch as you play a great game of cards.
The home has three bedrooms including two queen beds, a full bed and a sleeper sofa so up to eight people have a place to lay their heads. There are two full bathrooms.
The backyard is fenced in so you can allow kids and the family dog to play while you watch them from the deck.
"This home was beautiful. It is exactly as pictured. The house is absolutely pristine. The kitchen has everything you could ever need. It is spacious and bright." - Teresa
If you're wanting to do some sea food exploration of your own, then Allee Beach House might be the right fit for you! We've recently added our very own clam cleaning station as well as a few clam guns for your use. Aside from clamming, we've also added a crab pot to take out to the marina. All you need to bring is the bait and you're set for a seaside exploration!
You'll feel right at home in this newly renovated kitchen. It has tableware, pots, pans and most everything you'll need to whip up those freshly caught crab legs.
Although the ocean is not Hawaii warm, Westport is the spot for Washington State surfers on the popular Half Moon Bay. If you're not ready for the chilly sport, you'll love just watching more adventurous folks braving the waves.
Staying with us in one of our Westport units? Well you're in luck because we have the ins and outs of everything adventurous to do here in Westport. Visit some of the state parks or the Grays Harbor Lighthouse where the tours offer scenic views of the water.
The warm weather brings many fishing options such as charters and tours. Go on a boat tour to see the water and beaches surrounding. Enjoy surfing or kiting at any of the beaches. Westport has a couple of wineries that are the perfect getaway for a couple looking to escape.
During the colder months, you'll find museums and restaurants that stay open year round for you to enjoy. Explore the antique shops and boutiques that have trinkets and souvenirs for your keepsakes.
Here at Beachy Day Vacation Rentals, we vow to make booking with us simple and exciting. We know that booking a rental property home for your vacation can be unfamiliar territory for some, while others know their way around it. Because we know this, we ensure that each of our properties are up to high quality standards.
We are available to assist you every day of the year if you have any questions or concerns before, during or after your visit to our home. We have onsite property management that are available 24/7 for anything concerning that may arise.
Plus TV station, in my hometown almost hired me as a TV camera operator. Almost, because now I'm in sort of a trial.
In 2009 I was employed in a similar position at another local TV station, Antena 1 Suceava, where I gained some experience. This is a new challenge for me, as I intend to get more involved into the artistic side of - let's say - filmmaking.
Select ratingGive New workplace! 1/5Give New workplace! 2/5Give New workplace! 3/5Give New workplace! 4/5Give New workplace! 5/5
Yeeeeeeei!!!!I am so glad that you are happy about the new job! I wish you to be less stressed from now on, and learn as much as you can! You can never know what the future has reserved for you. Love you until forever!Alexandra
Total 1,744,640 : Today 478 : Yesterday 503 | [버섯돌이]'s Blog is powered by Daum / Designed by Tistory
Archives	 Archives Select Month May 2018 January 2018 October 2017 August 2017 June 2017 April 2017 February 2016 October 2015 September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 November 2014
“For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:” — 1 Peter 3:18 Public Domain. Powered by BibleGateway.com.
What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee. In God I will praise his word, in God I have put my trust; I will not fear what flesh can do unto me. — Psalm 56:3-4 (KJV)
Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.
Then he took the five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed them, and brake, and gave to the disciples to set before the multitude. And they did eat, and were all filled: and there was taken up of fragments that remained to them twelve baskets.
In general usage, a thesaurus is a reference work that lists words grouped together according to similarity of meaning (containing synonyms and sometimes Nike FLEECE LZ TECH Clear White Grey q5qOr), in contrast to a dictionary, which provides definitions for words, and generally lists them in alphabetical order. The main purpose of such reference works for users "to find the word, or words, by which [an] idea may be most fitly and aptly expressed" – to quote 08 Nike Utd White 3rd Man 09 Kids pxrxRdq, architect of the best known thesaurus in the English language.[1]
Although including synonyms, a thesaurus should not be taken as a complete list of all the synonyms for a particular word. The entries are also designed for drawing distinctions between similar words and assisting in choosing exactly the right word. Unlike a dictionary, a thesaurus entry does not give the definition of words.
In library science and information science, thesauri have been widely used to specify domain models. Recently, thesauri have been implemented with Simple Knowledge Organization System (SKOS).[citation needed]
From the 16th to the 19th centuries, the term "thesaurus" was applied to any dictionary or encyclopedia, as in the Thesaurus linguae latinae (1532), and the Thesaurus linguae graecae (1572). The meaning "collection of words arranged according to sense" is first attested in 1852 in Roget's title and thesaurer is attested in Middle English for "treasurer".[2]
In antiquity, Philo of Byblos authored the first text that could now be called a thesaurus. In Sanskrit, the Amarakosha is a thesaurus in verse form, written in the 4th century.
The first modern thesaurus was Smash Multicoloured Smash NAIA NAIA SS6Rx4, first compiled in 1805 by 08 Nike Utd White 3rd Man 09 Kids pxrxRdq, and published in 1852. Since its publication it has never been out of print and is still a widely used work across the English-speaking world.[4] Entries in Roget's Thesaurus are listed conceptually rather than alphabetically. Roget described his thesaurus in the foreword to the first edition:
It is now nearly fifty years since I first projected a system of verbal classification similar to that on which the present work is founded. Conceiving that such a compilation might help to supply my own deficiencies, I had, in the year 1805, completed a classed catalogue of words on a small scale, but on the same principle, and nearly in the same form, as the Thesaurus now published.[5]
Buy the Raul football shirt for the Spanish National team. This is the new Spain Home shirt for the Euro 2016 Finals which is manufactured by Adidas and is available in adult sizes S M L XL XXL XXXL and kids sizes small boys medium boys large boys XL boys. This Spain football shirt is red in colour and comes with Raul shirt printing on the jersey including the front number.
While using the odor of saltwater in your nostrils, it’s straightforward to succumb to your siren phone to soaked a fishing hook when browsing the island. “SaltWater Sportsman” journal lists Galveston as amount 3 on its listing of the top 10 Saltwater fishing towns in America, citing it to the redfish, speckled trout, black drum, and flounder in Galveston Bay, as well as cobia, wahoo, tuna, mahi mahi, purple snapper, kingfish and marlin identified off the Gulf side in the island. Over a hundred species of fish are frequently caught while in the waters throughout the island.
The fishing season in federal waters in 2014 was restricted to just 9 times, that makes it difficult to adequately goal the species. Even so, for those who Enjoy your cards appropriate and just take element while in the Gulf Headboat Collaborative, a software that allows only twenty federally permitted headboat captains to fish for red snapper all yr given that they have got not fatigued their allocations with the species, you'll be able to convey house some excellent-tasting filets.
Our prediction algorithm for drinking water temperature is in growth section. Despite the fact that in many locations we get a price incredibly close to the actual sea h2o temperature, it might not be precise in sure locations. You should, use with warning.
The solunar durations suggest the ideal times of working day for fishing in Galveston Bay Entrance (South Jetty). The foremost intervals correspond on the lunar transit (passage in the moon in excess of the meridian) along with the opposing lunar transit and very last roughly 2 several hours.
This specimen, also known as cobblerfish, is a common locate alongside Gulf seashores and pass regions. They Recurrent sandy regions the place they choose off critters that locate on their own unfortunate ample to get in close proximity to the bottom.
Drum will be the contacting card For numerous guides while in the Wintertime as they seek To place purchasers on fish. They don’t typically hit artificial baits like reds, specks and flounder do, but I’ve noticed and heard lots of tales of anglers catching their day by day limits on smelly entice offerings for instance Berkley’s Gulp!
Good fishing journey. He experienced superior places that he took us to. We had been capable of capture the fish and sharks that we wanted. Really welcoming male and he realized the waters very well. Would suggest any one to e-book a trip with Terry.
(). A number of larger sized “bash boats” that can have dozens of passengers operates outside of Pier 19. All include things like equipment and guidance with baiting hooks, although the lesser boats generally offer additional unique consideration, much better odds of catching fish and much less entanglements with any individual standing elbow-to-elbow.
North Sabine Trout are good to good in the course of the lake over rafts of shad. Redfish are good on jigs galveston fishing calendar tipped with shrimp all around marsh drains. Trout are fantastic under birds. South Sabine Sheepshead and black drum are good within the jetty on Are living shrimp. Trout are reasonable to good close to Lighthouse Cove and throughout the jetty rocks on topwaters. Redfish are honest to great within the marsh on topwaters. Bolivar Trout are good to great on the south shoreline on tender plastics and plugs. Black drum and redfish are very good at Rollover Pass. Croakers are fantastic on dead shrimp within the channel and across the go. Trinity Bay Trout are superior for drifters Performing shell pads and deep reefs on Gamblers, Lil Johns and Bass Assassins. Redfish and trout are reasonable to superior for the spillway on shrimp. Catfish are very good during the marsh on shrimp. East Galveston Bay Trout are excellent to the south shoreline on topwaters and delicate plastics. Whiting and sand trout are fantastic on the sting from the Intracoastal on contemporary shrimp. Trout are good on mid–bay reefs on plastics and croakers. West Galveston Bay Trout are truthful to superior for drifters Operating shell on Dwell shrimp. Trout, sheepshead, redfish and black drum are fantastic on the jetty on shrimp. Tarpon are displaying to the beachfront. Kingfish, ling, purple snapper and sharks are superior offshore. Texas Town Trout are great within the channel on croakers. Sand trout are reasonable on fresh new shrimp from the piers. Freeport Sand trout and sheepshead are superior on Dwell shrimp around the reefs. Trout and sand trout are great for the jetties on shrimp and DOA Shrimp. Kingfish, pink snapper and ling are superior offshore all over shrimp boats. East Matagorda Bay Trout are reasonable to great for drifters on live shrimp over humps and scattered shell. Redfish are good to good in the course of the bay all around slicks and live shrimp.
The point out history is an eighty one-pound fish caught in summer season 1988 in the Gulf of Mexico, but that doesn’t mean there aren’t however brutes skulking all around during the Winter season.
Roads on the Galveston’s west end also deliver accessibility factors for the bay shoreline, but these could be on personal property. Make sure to look for signage ahead of unloading your gear. Fishing together the shore adjacent to the general public boat ramps is generally permitted. That includes the one off of 61st Road foremost into Offatts Bayou.
If the solunar interval coincides with dawn or sunset, link we could anticipate more activity than originally prepared. These peak durations are mirrored in environmentally friendly. We Also point out from the chart the intervals of biggest action in the calendar year which has a large blue fish to the period of time bar + details
The restrictive slot Restrict of sixteen to 24 inches and phenomenal habitat have manufactured Fork the trophy spot for the globe’s bass anglers. As temperatures begin to increase, it’s straightforward to see why.
The boat is run by a 225HP Evinrude E-Tec engine, which has a utmost cruising speed of forty five knots. Meaning it can be quickly and responsible about the water and will get you to definitely the most effective fishing grounds immediately. The boat is made up of all the security and electronics you could require, together with all of the fishing equipment.
Las Lenas, Argentina is now open for the 2018 winter until September 30, depending on snow conditions.
We are currently taking bookings for July - September for Las Lenas and all other ski resorts in Argentina + Chile.
Using our local knowledge of Las Lenas, ski tourism and industry experience, fluency in English, Spanish, Portuguese we will arrange accommodation, backcountry tours, equipment rentals, lessons, guides, activities, and transportation for Las Lenas, all in the most professional manner. Individuals, families, groups, camps, athletes, catalogs, product testing, media/press + production projects. We focus first on finding you accommodation in Las Lenas from luxury 5 Star accommodation and VIP service Las Lenas Hotels - Virgo, Piscis, Escorpio, Aries or more econmic and larger Las Lenas Apartments. We can also assist you with the perfect Hotel, Estancia or Wine Lodge in Buenos Aires, Mendoza or Santiago as well as a tour guide/host and great restaurants to better enjoy these great cities. We are also able to book + combine a trip to Las Lenas with any other ski resort in Argentina or Chile and is something we do often for clients.
Las Lenas is nowhere near as organized as North America and Europe so you need to deal with someone who actually lives, eats, skis and sleeps here. We have been to UFO point till 6AM, skied all the biggest lines and know the resort inside out. Please see our Guest Testimonials to see what great things guests have to say and check out General Info for tons of info about Las Lenas. Contact Us with any questions at all or Request a Free Quote at any time. On a tight budget, solo traveller or looking for long term or shared accommodation please check out our Shared Apartments page.
"By far the best Oakley trip to South America ever. Mark, thanks for taking care of the logistics and Jose for being a great guide"
"Thanks so much for taking care of us and organizing everything in Buenos Aires and Las Lenas. We had a great trip and plan to keep on coming back"
Dr Peter Coutteau, business unit director aquaculture at Nutriad. (Image source: Nutriad)More than 1,500 visitors participated in the 2018 Asian Pacific Aquaculture Convention (APA) which took place in Taipei from 23-26 April 2018
APA18 was organised by the World Aquaculture Society, Asian Pacific Chapter, and hosted by the National Taiwan Ocean University. A specialist in species specific solutions for fish and shrimp, multinational Nutriad sponsored the scientific session on functional feed additives.
“Taiwan has been a pioneering country in modern aquaculture and although production is limited today in Taiwan itself, the expertise of many companies and consultants plays a key role in the development of aquaculture in Asia and worldwide”, said Allen Wu, APAC regional manager aquaculture with Nutriad, based in Taipei.
Nutriad sponsored a scientific session on ‘Functional feed for health management.’ “Actively participating in a scientific session provides an excellent opportunity for our central and regional aqua team to interact with our partners and customers in APAC and jointly learn about current market developments and new findings regarding the application of our functional feed additives for fish and shrimp,” stated Dr Peter Coutteau, business unit director aquaculture at Nutriad.
Prof. Lin from National Pingtung University of Science and Technology, Taiwan presented a talk on “Nutritional Concept in Plant-Based Aquafeed: A brief Review for Cholesterol and Bile Salt,” during which he presented innovative findings relating to the supplementation of bile salts in shrimp, to the role of molting hormones (ecdysteroids) and the enhanced expression of genes related to shrimp growth.
Dr Isern i Subich, Nutriad’s business development manager aquaculture health, talked on “Effect of Novel Feed Additive on Performance and Health Indicators during Natural Thermal Fluctuations in Gilthead Seabream Sparus aurata in Cage Culture.” Functional feed additives could prepare seabream better for stress suffered during the winter and spring in the Mediterranean region, as evidenced by better growth performance, as well as a better mobilisation of fat reserves from liver and enhanced plasma/liver indicators during the warm-up in spring.
Dr Prakan Chiarahkhongman (CPF, Thailand) gave a presentation on “The 3C Strategy: Antibiotic-Free Health Management Practices for Shrimp Farming in Thailand” during which he updated the audience on the current knowledge of the major diseases affecting shrimp farming in Thailand, ie White spot syndrome virus (WSSV), Acute hepatopancreatic necrosis disease (AHPND/EMS), White faeces syndrome (WFS), and Enterocytozoon hepatopenaei (EHP). Furthermore, he explained the prevention strategies currently practiced by CPF group in Thailand.
Ho, Gim Chong, Nutriad’s Product manager farm products Aquaculture in APAC, explained in his presentation on “Farm Application of a Functional Feed Additives: An Essential Tool in The Health Management of White Feces Syndrome in Asian Shrimp Farming”, that the correct protocol and dosage, combining the in-feed application at the feed mill with topdressing application at the farm, is key to obtain full growth recovery following an episode of white faeces syndrome.
Hello LW's. Join the event, it will be very interesting,i think this is good to gather again and increase the number of players on the server. Come to check your skills and test LW after many years!
Cheats/hacks are not allowed, if a player is cheating/hacking, he/she will be disqualified from the tournament and probably banned from the server!
The maximal number of hits you can export is 250. When you want to export more records please use the Create feeds function.
Linköping University, Department of Management and Engineering, Law and Legal Philosophy. Linköping University, Faculty of Arts and Sciences.
During the later part of the 1900´s and the early part of the 21st century an increasing number of Swedish buildings have sustained damages because of moisture. These damages can be traced back to the usage of the ”Exterior Insulation and finishing system” or ”EIFS” when constructing the outer facade. The main problem when using the EIFS method, is that the facade becomes very susceptible towards moisture. The issue with moisture was completely unknown to the Swedish construction industry, until 2007, when a report from the Swedish National Testing Institute (SP) was released which addressed the problems. The question now arises who, in the construction industry, is to be held liable for these damages.
In accordance with the standardized contracts that are being used in the construction industry, a fault for which the contractor is liable, only occurs if the contractor has built the construction in such a way that is not in compliance with the contract established between the parties, e.g. the construction differs from blue prints etc. This means that the contractor only is liable for damages which have occurred due to the contractors failure to build the construction in accordance with the contract. Therefore it is of importance to investigate whether the building designer is liable or not. The standardized contracts used for building designers, only regulate the outer limits of the designer ´s liability. Therefore it becomes very important to analyse what the designer has to have done in order to fulfil his duties as a professional. If the designer has not acted in accordance with the duties that are incumbent upon him as a professional, it is reasonable to believe that he has been negligent when designing a facade with the EIFS-method.
The thesis aims to present the duties that are incumbent upon the designer as a professional, and to determine whether the designer has fulfilled these duties when designing a building using the EIFSmethod. The thesis also aims to investigate whether the designer can be held liable towards other parties than the contracting party.
These are both pretty awesome. The bottom one has terrible music, but a pretty epic beginning... and lots of other cool/funny shit. The top one really shows what JA is like in the beginning as well.
Oniel: "Yeah, and we need to talk to the youths and enforce a dress code... You know, no marinas..."
Me: "I dunno... Oniel, imagine wearing JUST that shirt, living in the middle of the country and yelling at/beating your wife with a bottle of liquor in your hand."
I almost completely forgot about this. I spotted this on the north rim of the Grand Canyon and my girlfriend bare handed it for me (I'm a bit of a Lennie Small). She then let me hold it and took a few photos, sweet right?
Russtanna Dawn (Faimon) and Kent Lutt of Kearney announce the birth of a daughter, Leonella Ann Lutt. She was born May 25, 2010, at the Good Samaritan Hospital in Kearney weighing 8 pounds, 5 ounces and measuring 21 inches long. Grandparents of the newborn are Barbara (Hilker) and David Faimon of Grand Island and Michelle and Korlin Lutt of Columbus. Great-grandparents are Roland and Linda Hilker and Donna Sautner, all of McCook...
2008 was a bad year for the Stock Market, and as Wall Street tumbled many Americans tumbled with it as jobs were lost, retirement accounts were decimated, and homes were repossessed. The troubles on Wall Street sent shock waves through the rest of the economy triggering the worst recession since the Great Depression and now, two years later, we haven't recovered yet...
A former McCook High School football standout has experienced a fall habit every year since he was a young boy. Through each of the last 12 years, Jeff Lyster has put on the pads each fall, through his first years in the McCook Football League, through four years of success for the McCook High School team, followed by four more seasons as a member of the Chadron State College football program...
WAHOO -- McCook's Legion baseball representatives in the 2010 Wahoo Kiwanis All-Star Classic came out on top on the final score. Cody Broomfield and Shane Wallen were members of the South All-Star team that beat their North counterparts, 9-6, in the nine-inning contest played Saturday, Aug. 7, at Wahoo's Sam Crawford Field...
After a very hectic July and early August, the Senate has adjourned for a month, giving me a great opportunity to return home to Nebraska. As you're reading this, I've already embarked on a trip across the state and look forward to meeting with many of you at open coffees from Omaha to Oshkosh...
EDITOR'S NOTE -- Sgt. Terry Young, a Valentine High School graduate, joined the Army National Guard while living in McCook. His wife, Melissa, is the daughter of Mitch and Candy Farr of McCook and the late Dora Farr. Young transferred to the Lincoln 313th medical corps and was sent to Afghanistan in July 2009 He returned in March, leaving behind the heroes that stopped a suicide bomber from entering the barracks in Dand Aw Patan. ...
In 2004 McCook (and Nebraska) lost one of its finest storytellers, when Frank Benner Morrison passed away at the McCook hospital, just a few days short of his 99th birthday. Frank was born in Colorado, where his parents, Frank and Viva had planned to homestead, in the eastern part of the state. ...
Until the NRD's go sustainable on water use in the basin -- no more out then what goes in -- surface water flows will decrease at an accelerated rate and the quick response area will expand to compensate for the overuse. The Legislature has now allowed the NRDs to require both, (QR quick response), surface and ground water irrigator, who will be shut off in water short years, to pay a tax or fee at the NRD's discretion in any year they receive any amount of irrigation water...
The concepts of freedom, faith, industry, integrity and independence live outside us. The Kingdom of God and the building blocks of our lives are within. Happiness is intrinsic. True change first finds its origins within us. When we realize that we should alter our course the change or realization must first happen internally before it becomes manifest in our outer environment...
After the long drought earlier this decade, it's ironic that flooding could be a problem in Nebraska, but that was the case earlier this week. Hundreds of families in central and northeast Nebraska were displaced and faced weeks of clean-up, but had the help of more than 200 trained Red Cross volunteers to provide food, clothing, shelter, comfort and care...
April 8, 1957-Aug. 7, 2010 McCOOK, Nebraska -- Rosetta Marie Jensen, 53, died Saturday (Aug. 7, 2010) at the Good Samaritan Hospital in Kearney. She was born April 8, 1957 in McCook, the daughter of Gerald W. and Rose E. (Howard) Geishler. Funeral services are Thursday, 10:30 a.m., at the Herrmann Memorial Chapel in McCook with the Rev. Gary Howitt officiating...
Aug. 17, 1983-Aug. 7, 2010 McCOOK, Nebraska -- Ryan Lee Carlson, 26, formerly of Ashtabula, Ohio, died Saturday (Aug. 7, 2010) at his home in McCook. He was preceded in death by his paternal grandfather, Wallace G. Carlson. He is survived by his parents, John W. Carlson of Bay Village, Ohio and Judy (Eskelin) Carlson of Ashtabula, Ohio; brother, Brandon Carlson; grandparents, Kathleen Carlson, Richard and Janet Eskelin, all of Ashtabula; and girlfriend, Dawn Monzon of McCook...
This week, expert Brent Pollina released his annual study of America's Most Pro-Business states. Nebraska climbs from last year's #15 position, to a current #6. This ranking is a further example of what we as Nebraskans already know. Nebraska's strength is visible in the way our economy has managed to remain, by and large, steady and secure through the past few years of recession. It is an impressive feat, as most state economies have suffered and are struggling to regain footing...
From 1941 through 1945, our nation was engaged in the most expansive war this world has ever known. Nebraskans were called to duty so that our country would never experience the devastation that war had brought to Europe and Asia. On the home front, military bases were constructed in several communities throughout our state so that young men and women could be trained in the military skills necessary to defeat the tyranny we faced in World War II...
When most people think of hydropower, they think of huge dams and millions of gallons of water powering entire cities. Very rarely does anyone think of a small stream or an irrigation ditch. But this is exactly where the future of hydropower lies...
iso small inexperienced submissive. Keene students looking for sex, Someone to fuck Eight Mile Alabama.
Cock suck Portugal free sex dating Cullman. Fireworks afterwards. A hassle-free plea for your sweet geeky stoner young lady. I hate using a very non-clever posting identify, but right now, I guess my needs are simple. I don't prefer someone perfect.... only just someone fun, just a little snark, but which will be nice if you ask me and let my family be nice to them. To date, set off weird places, surge in demand down food trucks, or just lounge around smoking, sampling absinthe, reading zombie comics. I won't want a user, a sugar the baby, or something equally toxic. Just a pal, a confidant, who doesn't imagination if sometimes I go for a funny look in my face when I'm considering her, like I'm dazed over how lucky Now i'm to have anyone to care about, and be... with. And which will let me win when you play Mortal Kombat, but isn't shy to cover the fact.; ) Or a product like that. It's just been a lengthy road - a natural part of me wants to give that up posting here, for any poison and ickiness that I've encounter in my days of being by myself. But part with me still thinks she is accessible. You even. Say good day. Maybe we can play a casino game of scrabble. Via the internet, of course. To begin the process.. Hey Mr Dog Adjuster. Looking for a few fun this The halloween season weekend.
Hell why don't you. ____________________Up Later part of the and Wanna Chat____________________________ x year old along with white male in Pentagon Urban center here, good browsing, fit and meet, up a bit of late and seeking to see if anyone needs to chat tonight... I had gchat and yim... please put "x x x" on the subject line and so i know you're true.. talk soon.. gloryhole available this week. platonic phone affection.
Drinks on myself. Wicked-smart, sharp-dresser, smells-nice, makes-me-laugh, very-male? Here's a scoop: I am a powerful American gal overseas for Very long and am the government financial aid my home metropolis of Columbia. All of the sudden. Unexpectedly. I would benefit from some company of your wicked-smart, sharp-dresser, smells-nice, makes-me-laugh, very-male style! (HINT: Am NOT interested in the Seattle grunge glimpse or the bad-boy black-imitating-rapper crap while using the droopy drawers. If that is definitely your aesthetic, neglect my ad! ) Have got a good tailor? Dress yourself in polished shoes... that is definitely k or a lot less! ), and work with complete sentences, good grammar, and HARDLY ANY SMS LINGO! You're never texting me, you're endeavoring to coax me to reply to you, so cause it to GOOD! Show everyone your intelligence... P. Vertisements. S. I am An excellent bot (so tend not to ask me to be able to prove that I'm real). I am Set on not wanting to work out SMS lingo with email replies. .. Adult toy hold Ill buy. wanna see different things.
Did you ever watch Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs and think, why they are always so cheerful about going to work?
If you read my recent article about finding your true calling then you will know that finding a career you love where you feel you are making a difference, can be a major factor in work satisfaction.
So what happens when you still haven’t found your true calling? Or when you are stuck doing a job you dislike because you have financial commitments?
And what about the seven dwarfs? Did they really enjoy hard manual labour, day after day? What strategies might they have used to be happy and motivated about their Job?
A sense of appreciation for being able to work is hugely motivating. If you’ve ever been out of paid work for a long time due to illness, an accident, or taking care of children full time, you will have greater appreciation for the opportunity to go out to work again.
Having been out of the work myself for a long time I now find I am leaping out of bed with enthusiasm since starting regular work again. Admittedly it helps that I enjoy my job as a freelance writer and photographer. But honestly, it is more about it being a boost to my self esteem and sense of self worth having something challenging and meaningful to focus on every day.
My daughter is recovering from a bad bout of bronchitis. She declared emphatically that she had decided she was never going to be sick again. This is clearly kid speak for how much she misses having something meaningful to do too, and I know she will be heading off to school with gusto come Monday.
A tool they use to improve their enjoyment of work is having good relationships with their co-workers.
My work as a freelancer finds me often working alone so it's especially important to keep in regular contact with my fellow editor and Hub administrator. We hold an informal meeting over the Internet every morning to discuss tactics and evaluate our progress. We still manage time to have a joke or two and it is one of the highlights of my working day.
The dwarfs always sing on their way to and from work. Singing is a great way to lift your mood and cheer you immensely. So sing whenever you can, whether it be walking to the bus stop or driving in peak hour, or even at work if you can get away with it. If your workplace allows, put the radio on a station that plays upbeat music.
The dwarfs think positively about their work and always make it fun. Like anything in life, work is what you make of it. You can view it as boring drudgery or you can see it as doing something worthwhile. After all, if your job wasn’t worthwhile in some way then no one would actually pay you to do it. Feel blessed, you are healthy and able bodied enough to be working and you are making a difference in whatever small way.
Try to find ways to make your duties fun, turn them into a game with your co-workers or even on your own. Challenge yourself to reach certain goals like it’s a competition, and always reward yourself later for a job well done.
My husband works in a high stress, long hour, corporate situation and it order to lighten the mood, once a week they have a "themed" lunch. Everyone pitches in a brings a dish, and sometimes they even take it off site, or they even fancy dress it up a bit. I often think it's kinda juvenile some of the things that they come up with, but given the high pressure situations that they are often forced to work under, I certainly don't begrudge them blowing off a little steam.
I think that sounds like a great idea. He must have a really forward thinking boss which is so good to see.
About a year or two ago, I had the chance to meet with Ruscal Cayangyang at a meet and greet at a downtown eatery. We talked for about an hour, and were interrupted on occasion by a left wing marijuana activist whose last name rhymes with Hinton. I went over the problems I saw in the schools, and what I thought should be done about them. Ruscal listened studiously, took notes, and thanked me for sharing with him. He proceeded to do absolutely nothing about my recommendations, and the dysfunction in the schools continues. Let me say, I commend Ruscal for opposing the school bond, but unfortunately, he is indoctrinated by left wing media, like much of Vallejo. This is what happens when 90% of our population has never been exposed to 7 conservative news sites for 2 months of their lives. We become mindless drones and unthinkingly carry out the bidding of our puppet masters. I know, because I once was a mindless drone, just ten years ago.
Two evenings ago, at a Vallejo School board meeting, I challenged anyone to debate the health hazards of homosexuality. I was halfway through my challenge, when Ruscal got up, and walked out. The entire exchange can be seen in Part 1 and Part 2 of the school board video.
Ruscal, true to his media and academia indoctrination, decided to lecture the audience and me that free speech and the First amendment did not apply to offensive speech, which is totally bogus. Just last year the Supreme Court decided that there is no exception for ‘hate speech’ in the First Amendment.
Part of the problem for why there is so much dysfunction on the current board is because board members are incapable of listening to each other and respectfully disagreeing. When I made my comments, Ruscal not only left, but, homosexual activist and fellow board candidate John Fox completely left as well. Also, homosexual activist Mitchell Romao also made his departure. It appears that all three of these men have no problem with SB 48 and indoctrinating little children into homosexuality. What kind of sick human being would stand by and allow little children to be taught dangerous sexual behaviors which can mess them up for life? Then, I’m supposed to be a big bully because I object to sexual perversion being normalized in the classroom!! What is wrong with this picture!?
Please do not vote for Ruscal Cayangyang and John Fox. Vallejo does not need homosexual activists perverting our children. Also, please contact all candidates and ask them whether they support indoctrinating children into homosexuality. California just voted in 2008 that we wanted marriage between a man and a woman. The lawless SCOTUS threw out our decision, and decided they would force the sick law upon us. We were assured in 2008 that homosexuality would not be taught to our children. Well, that was a lie, and the homosexuals are hard at work doing it right now. We need to force our elected officials to stand up against this perversion. If we do not, we will face the wrath of our wounded children in the future. When children grow up, they will not forget the adults who sat silently by and allowed them to be taught perversion, and they will require a vengeance it is terrible to think about.
To offend a child is one of the worst offenses in nature. In conclusion I will quote Jesus. “But whoever shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea. ” Matthew 18:6 It is one of the worst offenses to corrupt an innocent child by teaching them sex period, never mind deviant sexual practices. Here are a few examples of what is happening to our children. Here is a great website on the horrors of what happens when homosexuals expose children to their perverse behavior. This is a war between good and evil. Be not deceived, Ruscal and John are on the side of evil. While they may change, as of right now they are the ambassadors for an evil agenda that cannot be tolerated in our schools. As for Allen Yeap, Burky Worel, Christy Gardner, Tony Gross, and Tony Ubalde, none of them has demonstrated a backbone and opposed teaching kids this perversion. They are either too frightened by the homosexual mafia, or they agree with the homosexual agenda. They need to be exposed. I am the only one who dares to tell the truth. Come election day, may the parents make the right choice. Your children’s future hangs in the balance.
Also, please remember, the current board is dysfunctional and the academic results are abysmal. I AM THE ONLY CANDIDATE RUNNING WHO HAS NO TIES TO ANY CURRENT BOARD MEMBER.
I'm at Fox News getting ready to go on Sean Hannity's show at 10pm ET to talk about the bombshell news that Donald Trump will not be participating in Thursday night's GOP debate. His reason is that my dear colleague Megyn Kelly was not fair to him the last time around. He is also responding negatively to a mocking press release that said essentially that Donald has to get over himself and if he thinks Megyn is tough he should wait for Putin and the Ayatollah. A funny line he could easily have laughed off.
To me it is awful news. Lose/Lose. It is like a bar fight between brothers. When it is all over and the bartender is sweeping up the broken glass everyone will look at each other and ask "what the hell was that about?" I love Trump who I've known for decades. I deeply love Roger Ailes who I have also known for decades. Roger is also the most loyal friend any person can have. He has had my family's back through thick and thin for the last 15 years.
I only wish this had never happened. Roger is absolutely right on the issue. No one can dictate who a network assigns to a particular story. I wish this never happened. It will further split the GOP and help the Democrats, who are doing cartwheels right now.
This is the iconic Talk Show episode with guests John Metzger, Roy Innis, neo-nazis and more. Geraldo does an in-depth interview with the skinheads on-set, until the inner turbulence of those people comes to the surface and ends with most of the audience getting involved in a brawl. The skinheads are eventually carted away and Geraldo, despite the broken nose, continues the show.
Help us reach our $4.5 million goal to open Paramount School of the Arts, replace the Paramount seats and remodel Copley Theatre. Every little bit counts!
Starting summer 2018, the Paramount seats will be replaced. As a non-profit theater, replacing our seats is only made possible through donations.
Ticket sales only cover a portion of the cost to produce the award-winning Broadway Series, and donations make up the rest. Please make a gift today!
In our 2nd Dressing Room Diaries session, we sat down with Rachel Rockwell, the director of Paramount Theatre’s production of Annie. Rachel, a Jeff Award Winner, gave us insight on how she started out, why she loves directing and what makes her production of Annie so special.
GET 3 SHOWS FOR 40% OFF! That's The Wizard of Oz, The Producers and August Rush for no more than $41.40 per ticket, excluding fees.
Help us replace the 87-year-old Paramount Theatre seats. As a non-profit theater, this is only made possible through donations.
JP Morgan CEO'su Dimon'un tepki çeken açıklamalarının ardından bankanın büyük miktarda alım yapması dikkatlerden kaçmadı. İşte detaylar;
Practical everyday solution for those with hair loss. The special elastic design of this cancer scarf means no knots to tie. The included scrunchie slips on easily and holds the scarf firmly to the head. The generous size firmly covers the back of the head giving complete security.
Alex Nebesky gives his rundown of Happy Death Day. We may be releasing this a few months later than expected, but it’s better late than never.
To get a new password delivered to your mobile phone via Text Message enter your mobile number or if you prefer you can enter your email address to have the new password delivered to your email. If you have problems getting your password Contact Us.
We have launched Mobile Pandora Box feature where you can save your private photos and videos. Download Pandora for Android now
In this book we present a collection of examples of general systems of linear differential equations and some applications in Physics and the Technical Sciences.
Here we present a collection of examples of general systems of linear differential equations and some applications in Physics and the Technical Sciences. The reader is also referred to Calculus 4b as well as to Calculus 4c-2.
kids home toy 75pcs large size my first numbers train model building blocks kids educational bricks toy compatible with duplo
Relationship Science aggregates deep and verified information on over 8 million influential decision makers and the over 1.7 million organizations with which they are associated. From this data, we create a "business social graph" that highlights who knows whom. Here are Francis J. Lunger's strongest connections.
Last Chance Rescue makes a commitment to provide each of our dogs with a safe, loving forever home. Please make a tax-deductible donation today to help us save more lives.
$300 assists with treatment costs of extensive medical issues, such as for heartworm, pneumonia, or surgery
Designated Fund: Andrea's Dogs - multiple fosters are in need of medical care Dajae - Needs your support!
Most of people can’t afford to pay for such expensive items out of regular income. Sometimes people need to borrow the money – and a quick loan might be the best option. Whether you are getting married, taking a dream vacation or just looking for a better way to pay off existing debt we offer many of options to give you the right loan. Apply online and see how convenient way to fast budget repairing our online loan is.
Payday Loans Emmitsburg - easy and quick online application So why bother with long and gruesome bank applications if you can have your loan approved online in minutes. Just fill in our online application form with needed information about you and your finances and wait for a call. Don’t worry, you are safe- we adopt a state of art encryption technology to protect your personal information. One of our friendly representatives will be in touch with you as soon as we can. During the process our agent will call you to ask some questions about your finances, and review your bank account statements in order to assess if you qualify for our quick loan.
But before application, you can use our payday loan calculator to find out how much your personal loan will cost. Enter the amount and the number of days for repayment.
Repayment terms Usually we draw money automatically from client’s bank account. Alternatively, you can pay youself using a debit card. We accept all the major brands (American Express ,VISA, MasterCard). You can always repay earlier. Every time a payment which reduces your capital is cleared in our account, the loan interest is automatically adjusted.
If you do not have money on due date you may apply for an extension by phone or email, at least three (3) days before your scheduled due date. At a minimum, you’ll be required to pay the interest due on the due date, and we encourage you to pay some toward reducing your principal loan balance at the time of an extension. If you do pay extra toward principal, you will reduce the amount of interest you would otherwise pay.
You may also cancel your loan if you notify us by 5:00 pm the next business day, you may rescind your loan, and we will simply withdraw from your account the amount we deposited into your account.
Why you should choose Payday Loans Emmitsburg? Getting online personal loan in Emmitsburg is extremaly easy, convenient and fast proces. We are a trustful company that provides fast and efficient service to people needing loans from $100 to over $3,000. When it comes to payday loans, nobody likes difficult to understand terms and hidden costs. We fully understand that. Our online loans are based on straight, black & white contract, and we always inform our clients of all expenses they might expect. With 24/7 online access to your credit area, you have control and insight of your loans.
Payday Loans Online - Apply online now! If you are searching for a personal loan in Emmitsburg, we may help with all your financial difficulties. Please contact our friendly customer care team, who’s ready to answer any questions you can have about our personal loans. Remember, you’ll always be treated with the respect you deserve. Your loan is just in your hands! Give it a try right now! Fair and simple fast loans to help you up when you’re in trouble.
I've been dealing with project failure lately, and it stinks. I was trying to made the Dress from B3598, which Butterick had marked as "easy" and I had foolishly approached as such, using my beloved Groovy Jersey fabric that I had been holding onto for a long time. I measured it and everything. And I just tried to upload a photo, but the blog isn't cooperating. It's probably for the best, as now I can't link to a series of photos of my massive failure. ANYWAY, I thought I had measured enough BUT I only had enough for the front, back and ONE yes ONE sleeve. I really wanted the long sleeves. :( So I thought, "Why not cut the dress shorter, make the bottom out of black fabric, and have enough for 2 sleeves??"
So I again cut my pretty fabric to have enough for sleeves, and sewed on a black jersey to the bottom. I was feeling pretty good about all this, but after I laid it out, it looked....well, ugly. I don't even have a photo of it! I thought, "Well, I'll sew it anyway and see if I have something to work with. And I wish I had just cut the great fabric longer and turned it into a tunic!" Then, the unheard of happened...the machine ATE it, like, sucked it into the bobbin. I had to cut it out of the machine!
I took a step back and a deep breath, and decided to reorganize. I have several projects started that I need to finish - a faux leather belt, a vinyl purse, and a re-purposed flannel shirt dress. I've been meaning to teach myself how to make cloth flowers. I hate working with pattern tissue! I wanted to make wrist bands!
The flowers have been fun, I've been mixing at matching little bundles of fabric, and I am going to use some of them to make wrist bands.
I'm using the wrist cuffs off the afore-mentioned flannels, they are just the right size, and they have a built in button-hole, which is plus.
Also as I mentioned, I hate working with tissue paper, so I decided to affix some of my patterns. I used watered down white glue, craft paper and a large brush. You only have to coat the top of the tissue, as it soaks through to the craft paper. Be careful and watch for bubbles, and when it dries it is AWESOME. Just cut around the lines and you're done. I mark the pattern number and what it is on the outside of the roll, and tie a clip onto the tying cord to hold the smaller pattern pieces.
So I am not quite sure where to go next - jump into a project, do some of this smaller prep-work, or what. Any ideas?
As I intimated in my comment to you on the previous post, about the sweater knit...jersey is waaaaay tricky. I hardly ever use it (prefer cottons, wovens and silk) just because its inherent stretch has a way of getting bogged down in a machine's innards if the tension isn't kept Just So.
That's also a tricky pattern in the fabric itself, cool as it is. It almost begs for a neutral black "break" between bodice and skirt to work well...
Don't get discouraged, though! All of us have a trove of "oops" projects we can point to. It's a bit like photography, especially in the early days - you need to make about 10 items for every superstar project that emerges from the pack, just as only one in a dozen shots may be a real keeper.
As for the tissue patterns, may I suggest, iron them! It makes them much easier to handle and also more precise. Another thing I do when I am done with a pattern is that I stack the pieces, iron them, fold them, and continue until they're the size of the pattern envelope for storage. It not only makes them tidy/organized but also reduces your storage space. I also tend to cut out a pattern on the largest lines available and then press it down to the cutting lines for the desired size. That way, if I want to make something for someone else at a larger size later on, from that pattern, I have my options open.
I'd encourage you to try a new project ASAP and not get bogged down in prep. You need to recapture your mojo!
As for me, once the Georgian Manor is off the cutting table - and that moment is in sight, ladies and gents! - my next project is one of the dresses from a pattern I'll post tomorrow, from an autumn-gold woven rayon.
ROCHESTER - For the sixth consecutive season, Monroe Community College has reached the pinnacle of NJCAA women's lacrosse.
Bolstered by a 9-0 run that spanned the two halves, the Lady Tribunes defeated Harford Community College 20-13 on a beautiful Mother's Day afternoon to capture the 2018 NJCAA championship. The victory caps a sixth straight undefeated campaign for Monroe, whose winning streak has now reached 95 games. MCC has eight national titles in the last nine seasons.
Tournament Offensive MVP Brittany Chamberlain had three goals and an assist during the game-changing run that turned a one-goal lead into a 17-7 advantage and briefly put the contest into running time. The Fighting Owls fought back down the stretch, but Monroe was able to hold off a few late charges to hoist the championship trophy once again.
It looked as though the Tribunes (12-0) were going to make short work of the Fighting Owls, as Monroe raced out to a 4-0 lead less than five minutes in. Kyrsten Stone had two of the scores, while Janee DeLuca assisted on three. The lead was 5-1 after Stone tallied her third of the game with 23:10 to go.
But Harford was not about to go away easily. Courtney Poole and Erin Dean scored twice each during a 6-3 run that brought the Owls to within 8-7 with just over seven minutes left in the opening half.
MCC then got two crucial goals down the stretch that gave the team some momentum heading into the break. Sarah Shaffer converted a free position effort, and Stone scored again off a Shaffer feed to make it 10-7 at the intermission.
Held somewhat in check during the first 30 minutes, Chamberlain took control as Monroe scored the first seven goals in the second half. Her free position score made it 12-7, and she later cleaned up a loose ball after a shot attempt and stuffed it home to increase the lead to 15-7. Chamberlain then assisted on a Stone goal and scored another herself as the Tribune lead ballooned to 17-7 with 12:27 remaining.
Like the first half, Harford showed resiliency as they rattled off four straight to make it a six-goal affair. But Kenzie Donahue restored order with a goal with 5:12 left, and Stone tacked on another a few minutes later to help the Tribunes put it away.
Chamberlain finished with four goals and an assist for Monroe. She also tallied three ground balls, three draw controls, and a pair of caused turnovers. Stone had a huge afternoon with six goals and two assists, while Donahue had three goals and one helper. DeLuca chipped in with two goals and three assists, Adriana Williams scored twice, and Fran Messura added a goal.
Monroe's back line was anchored by Defensive MVP Emma Moulton, who was a disruptive force all afternoon. The freshman caused five turnovers and grabbed five ground balls on the day.
Ashley Salvett scooped up a game-high six ground balls while causing four turnovers. Jessica Covell stopped 10 shots in goal.
Nina Urban tallied four goals and Poole added three for the Fighting Owls. Dean and Cidney Gray added two each, while Gray also came away with seven draws and three ground balls. Brooke Siebert came up with 17 saves in the cage.
Mcdouch fully synthetic low freezing anti-wear hydraulic oil is refined from poly α olefin (PAO) high quality synthetic base oil and added with the compound additives of US Chevron and the friction modifiers of oil-soluble molybdenum. It is researched and developed to protect the hydraulic systems in the construction machinery which meet the limit and work under harsh conditions.
★Extraordinary anti-wear, anti-oxidation, anti-corrosion and anti-foam properties can give a play to the largest limit to the mechanical power output under harsh conditions, to meet a variety of industrial uses;
★ Excellent resistance to emulsification can make itself rapidly be separated from water mixed with oil, in order to avoid the formation of emulsions, causing the corrosion of metal material of the hydraulic system and the reducing of the hydraulic system working performance;
★ Excellent cleaning performance can prevent cavitation corrosion and reduce abrasion and sediment accumulation.
Applicable to the hydraulic systems of excavators, loaders and cranes manufactured by the world-renowned manufacturers as well as a variety of domestic excavators, loaders, rollers and other construction machinery equipments.
Indoor, outdoor, all weather, waterproof, and adheres to almost any surface. Display on car, bike, boat, toolbox, etc. or any other smooth, flat or curved surface, painted or glass. These graphics are manufactured on site with the latest in Roland VersaCamm technology. All Graphics can be custom sized from 2" to 24". Contact us for custom size pricing. Retail and bulk order pricing is also available. Email for pricing
LESLLA2018 14th Annual Symposium on Literacy Education and Second Language Learning for Adults “People, languages and literacy in new migration. Research, Practice, and Policy” Palermo, Italy, October 4th-6th, 2018 Paola Piras parteciperà per il Centro Come – Cooperativa Farsi Prossimo …
For the next year, I’m doing a sort of “human experiment” project in which I try to figure out what it really means to follow Jesus in the 21st century western world. I grew up reading scripture, have written several books about Jesus and the Bible, but somehow I’m always left with a sense that there’s more—a lot more—about Jesus and about being a follower than we generally consider.
As part of my effort to approach the year, I’ve decided to break down various dimensions of Jesus, based both on my own reading of the Gospels (and epistles to a lesser degree), as well as the interpretations of scholars, theologians and activists I respect.
I’ve also assembled a group of mentors to help me with each of the identified dimensions of Jesus. I figure that, rather than having a dozen disciples, I could use mentors way more than followers if I have any hope of making this work. So this is it, My Jesus Project. Thanks for joining me on the journey!
This is My Jesus Project, but I want it to be ours. Sign in to this site and become a part of our community. Leave a comment, start a discussion thread, upload a video... let's get to know one another and see what following Jesus looks like in real life, in YOUR life.
As part of this year-long effort to better understand what we mean when we talk about following Jesus, called My Jesus Project, […]
As part of “My Jesus Project,” My year-long effort to more deeply understand what it really means to follow Jesus, I talked with Christian Anarchist and author Mark Van Steenwyk, my mentor for my “Jesus […]
First of all, yes, I’m still here! Sorry for the silence. No, I have not wasted away during my “Jesus the Ascetic” fast (though I have lost 13 pounds) and I wasn’t carted away to […]
I was invited to preach at Portland First Christian Church on Sunday, March 8th. The biblical text was from Mark 11:15-19 in which Jesus cleanses the temple by driving out the moneychangers during passover from Herod’s […]
I’m not sure, but I think my daughter, Zoe, is Jesus. For a couple of reasons. But before I talk more […]
I felt like I was preparing to punish myself for the month of March, the focus of which is “Jesus the Ascetic” during My Jesus Project, my year-long effort to more deeply understand what we […]
If we're more troubled by Kaepernick sitting in quiet protest than we are about police brutality against African-Americans, it's high time for some personal reflection of our own.
Piatt is no reactionary, wanting to save a dying institution, but neither does he take the popular route of simply walking away. Instead he believes that there is a subversive core in the tradition worth remembering and retaining.
Piatt peels back the dead wood of our faith and shows us the tender new life, reminding us of our core.
No. The US Department of Justice has requested that the takeover be blocked, citing the Sherman Antitrust Act and related provisions of US law. While it is possible that the courts will block the takeover, it is by no means certain.
Almost certainly. They agreed to pay $3 billion in cash to T-Mobile’s current owners, Deutsche Telekom, if the deal didn’t go through. They also agreed to other concessions in the event of the deal collapsing for any reason— such as giving part of their allocated wireless spectrum to T-Mobile. So all told, it could cost them around $7 billion if the takeover doesn’t happen.
Yes. It’s clear from AT&T’s statements to the press that they were surprised; as their general counsel put it, “We have met repeatedly with the Department of Justice and there was no indication from the DOJ that this action was being contemplated”.
AT&T spent $12 million lobbying politicians this year, a 30% increase over last year. Clearly they thought they had greased enough palms and wined and dined enough politicians that the takeover would be nodded through.
My guess is that the Department of Justice was flooded with so much correspondence opposing the deal that they felt they had to act. It’s possible that AT&T’s recent outrageous price hikes made the DoJ take more notice of consumer complaints.
In addition, a leaked AT&T document revealed that it would only cost them $3 billion to build out their 4G LTE network without buying T-Mobile, according to their own estimates. This rather undermined their claim that the reason for spending $39 billion on T-Mobile was to allow them to bring LTE to the rest of their network.
The most likely scenario for AT&T winning is that the DoJ goes to court and gets some minor concessions from AT&T, in return for dropping the case. For example, AT&T might agree to hand over some customers to a competitor, or to stop increasing prices for a year or two. Any DoJ officials who brokered such a deal would likely be offered well paid positions at AT&T after leaving office.
No, just realistic. For example, Republican FCC Commissioner Meredith Attwell Baker voted for the government to ignore antitrust concerns and approve the merger of Comcast and NBC. Four months later, she left the FCC for a job at Comcast.
In addition, “…the DOJ’s 25-page antitrust complaint filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia reads more like a move toward a settlement than a document leading to a trial, said David Balto, an antitrust attorney and former policy director at the U.S. Federal Trade Commission” (as reported by IDG).
Certainly, AT&T donations have been a very good predictor of politicians’ responses to the news that the deal may be blocked.
Keep writing to the appropriate officials, explaining calmly and clearly why you oppose any kind of deal allowing AT&T to take over T-Mobile. Maybe even send them campaign donations, if they will be running for election soon.
No. T-Mobile is making a profit. It just isn’t making a big enough profit to satisfy Deutsche Telekom, who are more concerned with investing money in their European operations, where competition is much stronger.
It’s true that T-Mobile’s subscriber numbers have been dropping. However, the AT&T deal has likely made things worse. In mid 2010, T-Mobile was losing around 54,000 contract customers per quarter. Once the AT&T takeover was announced, that shot up to 380,000 per quarter. There has certainly been no sign of any improvement in customer retention since the deal was widely publicized.
Part of the ‘problem’ is that T-Mobile offers excellent deals without needing a contract; people who were happy with their old phones would simply not bother to sign another 2 year contract. Once the AT&T takeover plan went public, the number of customers willing to sign a 2 year contract that might wed them to AT&T apparently dwindled.
I myself would likely have signed a contract and upgraded to a better phone, if it hadn’t been for the announcement.
According to Consumer Reports ratings, AT&T is the worst cell phone provider in every single category. Worst value for money, worst voice call quality, worst data services, worst phones, worst web site, worst e-mail services, and worst customer service.
T-Mobile offers a good selection of Android phones. AT&T has a very limited selection, and tended to lock them so that you couldn’t run any software you wanted.
The takeover would leave AT&T as the only GSM provider in the USA. This is important because GSM is the worldwide standard for digital cellular phones. If you want a phone that will let you roam in Europe, it has to be GSM.
AT&T admitted that every single T-Mobile customer would need to buy a new phone — and sign a new 2-year contract.
T-Mobile is significantly cheaper than AT&T, especially if you want data service. I calculated that my bills would go up by around 30% if I had to use AT&T — and that was before they hiked the price of SMS messages last month.
You may want to mention these points in letters to government officials. Keep writing, because with $7 billion at stake, you can be sure that AT&T will be lobbying even harder in the upcoming months.
1. A cloud-based research synthesis platform sitting atop the world's largest collection of curated social science research findings.
There exist no search engines that contain the millions of scientific findings that have accumulated over time.
Summarizing the results of many studies’ findings is an essential scientific process. However, the process is arduous and can take years.
Current academic search engines rely on abstracts and keywords. Their search results are often incomplete.
We take a “bottom-up” approach to summarizing science: First collect and curate virtually all findings in a given area and then build platforms that allow rapid search, summary, and interaction.
Deep curation. We then hand-curate and classify each finding according to a host of study characteristics (e.g., country of origin, sample type; …)
Field-level ontology. Each of the findings is manually tagged to a branching taxonomy containing all topics within a given scientific space.
Magic in the cloud. We join a massive database of research findings, R Statistics for number crunching, and user interfaces that allow exploration and summary of scientific findings at a level never before possible.
| QSC PROFESSIONAL POWER AMPLIFIERS – ISA Series | This series of two-channel power amplifiers, designed specifically for fixed installation. Buy QSC ISATi Power Amplifier 2 Channel Rack Mount Stereo Watts per CH 70 Volt ISA Series: Power Amplifiers – ✓ FREE DELIVERY. The QSC ISATi is a 3RU rackmount power amplifier, equipped with an internal 70V transformer and designed specifically for sound contractors as a low .
Provides signal processing functions including speaker crossovers, EQ, time delay and subsonic filters. There is a character limit. Inputs are balanced with both XLR and qssc terminal qsc isa300ti connectors. The signal-clip LEDs also illuminate when a channel is in thermal mute or if a short circuit on the qsc isa300ti occurs.
DPX-1 External power qsc isa300ti IEC AC power qsc isa300ti, manual, rear rack-ear mounting-kit, 2x 3-pin terminal blocks, 4x rubber feet for non rack-mount installations. Provides a wide qsc isa300ti of digital signal processing functions including, filtering, delay, limiting, compression, parametric EQ, tone or noise generation, and attenuation. Two-channel precision attenuator ia300ti 0. Dataport accessories, see below. Three modes of operation are available and the amplifiers can be configured with switches by the user.
Image may be provided for illustrative purposes only, please refer to the ksa300ti description. Please check your local sales tax laws. Power Rating 8 ohms Stereo: The QSC ISATi is a 3RU rackmount power amplifier, equipped with isa30ti internal 70V transformer and designed specifically for sound contractors as a low impedance solution rated for 2-ohm operation at W per side, or W per Channel at 8 ohms.
Place your order by 4pm Mon Jul 30 and qsc isa300ti order will ship the same day. This series of two-channel power amplifiers, designed specifically for fixed installation applications, provides low-impedance and combined low-impedance and high-impedance 25V, 70V, V line operation. Switches on the rear can be set to configure the operation of the amplifier in stereo, parallel and bridge modes, as well as clip-limiting and low-frequency filtering.
Continuously variable speed fan, back-to-front air flow. Speaker connections are provided as a covered barrier strip.
Optional input transformers are available. Active two-way crossover for cinema loudspeakers. Used with the XC-3 for three-way systems. Qsc isa300ti ISATi is housed in a rugged all-metal chassis, and features rear panel gain controls for tamper resistant operation with 2dB detents for quick and repeatable qsc isa300ti.
Enter new zip code to refresh estimated delivery time. Can be custom programmed for more universal applications.
Two calibrated and detented gain controls enable precise amounts of gain to be set. LED indicators are provided for AC power greensignal presence green and signal-clip red qsc isa300ti each channel. For further details see isa300t estimates in cart.
Saltum's best 100% free black dating site hook up with sexy black singles in saltum, vestsjalland, with our free dating personal ads mingle2com is full of hot. Lesbian dating site - online dating never been easier, just create a profile, check out your matches, send them a few messages and when meet up for a date. Dating sims 1 2 need to brush up on you are the hottest lesbian angel around, simgirls, the most popular online dating sim game game 49,092,384 views. Sex porn list, ctrl+d to save 800 best dating sites click here to mark this list as best best lesbian porn sites click here to mark this list as best. 10-7-2013 i love the internet and large groups of unknown lesbians give me anxiety-driven bitch face, so dating via the app store sounds like a fabulous idea to me.
Free black lesbian dating sites - online dating never been easier, just create a profile, check out your matches, send them a few messages and when meet up for a date. 100% free thai dating site international online thai dating for thai girls, thai singles. Saltum's best free dating site 100% free online dating for saltum singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in saltum. Gay dating and lesbian dating matchcom is the uk’s best known dating site and offers more ways to meet new people.
Free online dating 100% free dating site, no paid services. Free online lesbian dating sites - online dating never been easier, just create a profile, check out your matches, send them a few messages and when meet up. Watch and download all porn videos at xhamster for free, including hd browse sex photos, date girls to fuck & have fun in live sex chat only at xhamster. Free lesbian dating online - if you are serious about looking for that special thing called love, then our site is for you register and start looking for your love.
Xvideos asian-lesbian videos, free xvideoscom - the best free porn videos on internet, 100% free. 5-1-2017 we tried out several dating apps and there is a clear frontrunner logo: afterellen | pop culture site that you can start dating a lesbian that hasn. Dating lesbian sites - if you are serious about looking for that special thing called love, then our site is for you register and start looking for your love of life.
De beste gratis sex dating site voor mensen die op zoek zijn naar spannend sex contact of sex date. Mylol is currently the #1 teen dating site in the us, australia, uk and canada we are proud to have a teen dating mobile app join now and meet thousands of. Be fashionable and sign up on this dating site get free simple match system and it will help to find someone who you like black lesbian dating site. You've just stumbled across a treasure trove of adult-themed games enjoy warning, this section is for viewers of 18 years of age, or older. 11-5-2016 search for lesbian singles in the uk online on the guardian soulmates dating site find your perfect date online with soulmates.
Free local lesbian dating sites - online dating never been easier, just create a profile, check out your matches, send them a few messages and when meet up for a date. Trusted lesbian dating site for senior singles using 29 dimensions of compatibility, we connect single senior lesbians searching for true love join free. Why choose pinkcupid pinkcupid is a leading lesbian dating site, helping thousands of lesbian singles find their match as a large online lesbian community,. A russian dating site is an exciting place to meet and connect with beautiful women as a leading site for singles like you, russiancupidcom has helped kickstart.
Mature tube – most popular mature lesbian wife in threesome protect your children from adult content and block access to this site by using these.
Find local lesbian and gay women on pinksofacom, a lesbian dating site for single women seeking other women for serious relationships, friends and support.
Shemeetsher meeting black lesbian women just got easier shemeetshercom is a lesbian dating website for black gay singles created with the intent of offering a. Top lesbian dating site - if you are serious about looking for that special thing called love, then our site is for you register and start looking for your love of life. Our experts have reviewed the top online dating sites for seniors senior dating sites ldatecom: a supportive dating site for lesbian & bisexual women music.
Carter cleaning company chapter 4 case study download carter cleaning company chapter pdflenovo s500z hardware maintenance manual pdf download. About the author(s) gary dessler has degrees from new york university, rensselaer polytechnic institute, and the baruch school of business of the city university of new york dr dessler’s best-selling human resource management is also available in more than 10 languages including russian and chinese. Sarah beaudry, president of carter cleaning company, started the business in 2005 she started by cleaning high rise construction jobs in the metro area then started the business carter cleaning company sarah's husband nick joined the company in 2006 and serves as the general manager nick works with on-site supervisors and employees to make.
Carter cleaning company like virtually all the other hr related activities at carter cleaning centers, the company currently has no organize approach to interviewing job candidates store managers , who do almost all the hiring. Chapter 13: benefits and services continuing case: the carter cleaning company: the new bennett 1 draw up a policy statement regarding vacations, sick leave, and paid days off for the company nas: the students are likely to create different policy statements, which will reflect their different preferences for benefits. This feature is not available right now please try again later. Carter cleaning continuing case carter cleaning continuing case chapter 6 1 the disadvantages of administering tests to its employees is the cost associated with them and the legal factors that surround them if they ask the wrong question they could be faced with a law suit that would hurt the company’s image.
Carter cleaning company: chapter 6 622 polygraph testing in some situations can raise some legal issues, and especially as a small company you want to avoid them perhaps they could consider using some available “pencil and paper” honesty tests that are available. This assignment was locked dec 10, 2017 at 11:59pm read hr in action case incident 2 - carter cleaning company on pg 355-356 and answer questions 11-21 & 11-22 submit your answers below text or upload. Fundamentals of human resource management mb —i gary dessler florida international university chapter 2 managing equal opportunity and diversity 24 • hr in action case incident 2: carter cleaning company 112 experiential exercise 112.
Continuing case: the new benefits plan essay sample chapter conclusion: benefits for employees are very important for companies benefits for employees include various insurance plans, paid vacation days, paid sick leave, paid days off, etc different companies need to establish different benefit plans based on their company conditions. 3ccording to the case, carter cleaning company wants it counterpersons’ to behave in a cordial way with their customers, chec the clothes for an defects, promote their upcoming offers and end with a pleasant gesture when they leave. Chapter 4: job analysis continuing case: the carter cleaning company: the job description 1 what should be the format and final form of the store manager’s job description ans: the format noted in figure 4-6 could be a reasonable format to use.
Carter cleaning case: chapter 9 1 is jennifer right about the need to evaluate the workers formally the managers why or why not jennifer is absolutely correct in having these employee evaluations done formally. Continuing case- carter cleaning company - chapter 2- assignment due sep 24, 2017 by 11:59pm points 10 submitting a text entry box or a file upload available aug complete the five questions following hr in action case incident 2 on p 52 in your text. Carter cleaning company has an inadequate, unstructured way of interviewing and hiring one solution students could suggest is to utilize a structured interview guide such as the one provided in figure 7-1 as an example of a tool that managers could use to improve their interviewing practices. Brief contents i 2 3 28 continuing case: the carter cleaning company: the high-performance work system 124 key terms 125 translating strategy into hr policies & practices case: the hotel paris case 125 appendix for chapter 3: tools for evidence-based human resource management 129.
Continuing case chapter 8 8-32: orientation program for carters: carter cleaning company can should cover about information on employee benefits, personnel policies, daily routine, company organization and operations, safety measures and regulations and arrange a facilities tour with the help of supervisor. Download as pdf relation for carter cleaning company case study solution chapter 8 in this site is not the similar as a solution calendar you buy in a autograph album gathering or download off the web. Performance management system the current conditions surrounding carter cleaning company evolves on a lackluster performance of both the rank-and-file and management level employees of the company. Download carter cleaning company case study solution chapter 1 carter cleaning company case pdf get carter is a 1971 british crime film directed by mike hodges and starring michael caine, ian hendry, britt.
A framework for human resource management provides students and practicing managers with a concise yet thorough review of essential hr management concepts–including fundamental practices, continuing case: carter cleaning company chapter 10 protecting safety and health employee safety and health: an introduction. Carter cleaning company: chapter 1 1-23: there could be many hr specific problems that the carter cleaning company has to grapple with, but i saw a few that is really worth mentioning such as: managing unskilled attendants, controlling labor costs, high turnovers, and hr regulations and laws not being followed. Based on what you know about the carter cleaning company, outline the steps in what you think would be the ideal grievance process for this company because it is a small company, it should be simple and short. Academiaedu is a platform for academics to share research papers.
an analysis of the high school drop outs in the past two decades in the education of the united stat
Zeta Tau Alpha Whitewashed Rustic Frame with Greek Letters. Perfect for Bid Day, Big Sis - Lil Sis, and Initiation gifts. The chunky frame is stained by hand in english chestnut and dry brushed with cream latex paint to create a distressed look. It is adorned with Greek Letters and burlap ribbon, and can stand alone or hang.
MSI is searching for a small team of four or five writers for a collaborative project entitled “Public House.” To win a place on the team you are asked to submit a short stageplay of maximum ten-minutes/ten-pages involving two strong and memorable characters. It must be a single scene set in one place and within a single time frame. Continue reading →
Note: Where available, the PDF/Word icon below is provided to view the complete and fully formatted document
Reference to your representation on behalf of the Swan Hill Sub-branch of the Returned Soldiers' League regarding the above exserviceman I have to. advise you that we have retained his application for training.
3. Must attend our school for .at least six months, otherwise no consideration can be given. After this training he will he placed in subsidized employment.
It appears, therefore, that this young man will have to run the gauntlet of .the trade unions, wait for a vacancy in a school, attend the school for at least six months, and then take his turn with other trainees who have had previous experience and to whom preference will be given. Although a master plumber is prepared to train him, the Government is obliging the man to wait for probably six or eight months to get into a School, for I understand that the schools arc full. Then, after training, he has to wait in a roster, although at this moment an employer is ready to give work to him. The local repatriation committee of Swan Hill, the Dads Association, and the local branch of the Returned Sailors, Soldiers and Airmen's
Imperial League of Australia have recommended that the offer to employ this man be accepted, but the Government, through the Department of Post-war Reconstruction, has declined to agree. How can the re-establishment of service men and women be successful if many instances of this kind occur, and I understand that they do? Why should this man be kept waiting when he could go to work at once? What is to happen to him while ha is waiting?
I bring to the notice of the- Minister also the case of a young man at Kerang who was employed in a garage before the war and whose former employer is ready to re-engage him. He was in the Royal Australian Air Force for three years during the war, and he now wishes to work as a mechanic. He could get work at a leading garage in Kerang., It would only be necessary, for the Government to subsidize his employer during his period of training, but, although the would-be employer is a man of outstanding character, he will not be permitted to engage this young fellow. I know of cases of the same kind at Warracknabeal and elsewhere. The rejection of applications for the employment of these young men means that they are practically left at a loose end waiting for rehabilitation.
I wish now to discuss certain Government decisions in regard to the wheat subsidy. A letter, which I wrote to the Honorable John Cain, Premier of Victoria, in this connexion, on the 7th June, 1946, is self-explanatory -
As there are five State representatives within the electorate of Wimmera I thought it hest to communicate with you rather than write to each member re the above.
Many farmers have brought to my notice what they regard as an anomaly in the distribution of drought relief to wheat-growers.
At a meeting at Manangatang a resolution was carried strongly protesting against the measure preventing farmers who had not sown wheat for two consecutive seasons from receiving drought relief; this they say debars returned servicemen who have only put in one crop since their discharge, and other farmers' sons who last season put in their first crop.
I would be pleased to have your comments on the possibility of this difficulty being overcome and assure you that those who have sown for first time in many cases just having enough capital to start in the industry will be greatly aided if allowed to partake in the drought relief distribution.
Adverting to your letter of the 7th instant, 1 desire to .inform you that when the matter of making further drought relief grants was raised by me at the last Premiers conference it was referred to Commonwealth and State officers to determine the basis of assistance. It was made clear at the officers conference that if the Commonwealth Government decided to meet half the cost of the scheme it would only be on condition that the proposed relief payments would be restricted to those farmers who had suffered losses from the drought of 1944 and who wore again seriously affected by the drought conditions prevailing in certain districts. This condition was accepted, and the necessary legislation to authorize the payment so far as Victoria was concerned 'was drafted on this basis and passed by Parliament accordingly.
You will therefore appreciate the difficulty of meeting the claim of any grower who had noi sown crop in 1944. (Sgd.) John Cain.
Many ex-servicemen with some money, who had just been discharged from the Awny and sowed wheat on their own account, cannot secure any relief although (he devastating drought robbed them of their crops in the 1945-46 harvest. It is unjust that the Commonwealth Government -should impose the condition that only' those farmers who had suffered losses from the drought of 1944 should receive relief payments. The matter should be further investigated, and drought relief should be paid to those men who had losses in the 1945-46 season. These men, perhaps, had from their deferred pay and other sources only enough money to go into the industry, and if they are not reimbursed their losses they will not be able to continue in it. It is most important that as many as possible of the men who have a knowledge of this great food-producing industry should be encouraged to continue in it. I have referred to what I regard as wasteful expenditure by the Government. Drought relief would be only' an investment, because it would enable these men to continue to produce crops.
I pass ,on to a serious matter, to which I referred in my maiden speech in this Parliament, namely, the payment of a subsistence allowance of 3s. a day to those members of the Australian Imperial Force who were prisoners of war in the band-.j of the Japanese. Only the honor able member for the Northern Territory (Mr. Blain) and I in this Parliament have personal knowledge of this matter. It' is fallacious to assume that the Australian prisoners taken at Singapore were robbed of all their personal possessions. If one had a watch worth £40 one could take it on the march from Singapore to Selerang -camp. On one or two occasions watches were taken from prisoners, but when Japanese officers discovered what had been dome they ordered the return of the property to the soldier from whom it had been taken. The men had watches and other valuables in the camp. As time went on and they began to starve, they sold these personal possessions to Chinese, or to any one else who would purchase them, in order that they might huy a few coco-nuts,, and perhaps a little palm oil and blatchemin order to obtain the vitamins which they needed to keep them alive. Many men who to-day are alive in this country owe their survival to the fact that they had a few valuables which they were able to sell. When a man. enlisted in the Australian [imperial Force he agreed to accept a certain amount as pay, to be clothed and fed, and to obey orders. The prisoners at Singapore who fell into the hands of the Japanese were in quite a different category from those taken in Germany and other parts of Europe. The men at Singapore were ordered to surrender as an Army, and they obeyed. They believe that they are now justly entitled to the subsistence allowance pf 3s. a day, to repay them in some degree for the valuables which they were obliged to sell in order that they might live. The proposition is a reasonable one, and the Government should give earnest consideration to it. The District. Finance Officer in Melbourne has stated that officers of the Australian Imperial Force were credited with their field allowance, which I believe amounted to 3s. a day, during the whole period of their imprisonment. This Government has always claimed that it fights for the " under dog" who has no. one else to fight for him. The privates and other ranks in the Australian Imperial Force who were prisoners are justified in claiming a subsistence allowance of 3s. a day. Prisoners of war in Germany and other places periodically received Red Cross parcels, and perhaps were given once a month foods containing necessary vitamins. The first International Red Cross consignment to Selerang was a very small one; it arrived about eight months after the Australians had been made prisoners. Some of the supplies were in bulk, and across some of the boxes was written "Britain delivers the goods". The cigarette packets had impressed on them the "Y" sign for victory as well as the " dot-dot-dot-dash " signifying " V " in the morse code. At the Japanese were anxious to have some excuse for not giving the prisoners more food, they said that if any later consignments entering the camp had propaganda on the boxes they would not deliver them. Subsequently, they told the prisoners that further supplies of cigarettes had arrived, but they were not to be delivered because they were covered with propaganda. Therefore, the Australians cannot be blamed for having been short of food. The health of many of those men is impaired because they were not properly fed. If they were now given a subsistence allowance of 3s. a day they would be able tq improve their physical fitness and do a better job in civil life.
Mr. -TURNBULL.- Probably from 12,000 to .15,000 men. But if there were 100,000, that would be all the more reason for the payment of the subsistence allowance. So I urge the Government to make the payment. Any government which will not protect its protectors and defend its defenders, is a blot on the face of the earth. Some one had tq hold the Japanese back so that Australia might have a breathing space, and steps might be taken to prevent them from entering this country. An American song says, " Somebody had to be content with any old thing ". That was the experience of Australian prisoners of war in Japanese hands for three and a half years. Now, a Labour government, which should stand by the ranks, has the opportunity to do what is only just. After all, these men are entitled to this subsistence allowance, because they were not fed and clothed during their incarceration, and no doubt the Government budgeted for these amenities. Any man who went on leave in Melbourne was paid 3s. a day with which to buy food. As the Army, did not feed those who were in a prisoner-of-war camp, why should they also not receive it? The Minister should give the matter favorable consideration. Public opinion is behind this proposal, and every right-thinking Australian would applaud the payment.
Mr Falstein - Were they paid for the work that they did as prisoners of war, in accordance with the provisions of the Hague Convention?
Mr TURNBULL (WIMMERA, VICTORIA) - Certainly not. If I offered to the honorable member for 3s. food for which I paid £127, he would not buy it, because he would not eat any of it; yet probably it kept me alive. Prisoners of war were paid only a mere pittance, from memory, I believe about $9 a month, and at one stage the price of coco-nuts was $25 each.
Much has been said in this Parliament in regard to the standardization of railway gauges. In common with many other members, I believe that before this work is undertaken the housing shortage should he overcome, and there should be an investigation of our- great waterways in order to ensure a larger production, because most of the land in this country, if given water, will grow anything. I am not opposed to the standardization of the railway gauges; but I consider that first things should come first. I drawattention to the. proposal for the construction of a link-line from Hay to Ouyen and thence to Adelaide which would establish the shortest possible rail route from Sydney to Adelaide. The route that it would traverse is much shorter than any other route between those two capital cities. A booklet published by the Ouyen Decentralization Committee states that the distance from Sydney to Adelaide is 1,073 miles via Melbourne, 1,035 miles via Broken Hill, and 872 miles via Hay and Ouyen. Construction would be easy if the last-mentioned route were chosen. Only a short length of line would need to be laid to link Hay with Ouyen. Such a line would be 150 miles shorter than a line via Broken Hill, and 200 miles shorter than the line via Melbourne. Furthermore, it would not pass over mountainous country, and thus much heavier loads could be carried on it. This is not merely a local ambition . of the citizens of Ouyen. A straight line drawn from Adelaide to Sydney would pass *20 miles to the north of Ouyen. A straight line drawn from Tailem Bend to Sydney would pass through the town of Ouyen. It happens that Ouyen is in the path of the shortest line from Sydney to Adelaide. The booklet of the Ouyen Decentralization Committee is most comprehensive, and by leave of the House I shall incorporate in" Hansard these passages from it-
Successful railway operation depends upon the economic conveyance of freight. To achieve this the routes should be plotted to avoid sharp curves and severe grades, and the tracks should be laid with heavy rails to enable the conveyance of high tonnage at fast speed. A line, which to an outstanding degree would conform to such specifications and prove a boon both to Australia and to the States it would traverse, is the proposed link from Patchewollock, in Victoria, via Ouyen, to Hay, New South Wales, covering a total distance of approximately 188 miles, of which some 160 miles would represent the span between Ouyen and Hay. More than half of such journey would bo across open plains. The balance is through. undulating country requiring neither costly cuttings nor imposing any expensive earthworks.
This route would branch from the main Sydney-Melbourne line at Junee Junction, continue along the existing connexion thence to Hay; link up with Ouyen by a new line to be constructed crossing the Mumimbidgee at Hay and, continuing on the south side of that river, fairly directly to Balranald until the Balranald-Echuca railway is crossed. It is suggested that the Murray should be spanned between its junction with the Mumimbidgee and the Wakool, and that the shortest route to Ouyen, via Kooloonong, Koimbo, and Kulwin, be adopted. From Ouyen the existing line through to Adelaide would be followed.
From Junee Junction to Tailem Bend, a distance of 499 miles, the grades generally are slight, and the nature of the terrain places little difficulty in the way of improving the few banks whose inclines require easing and which are to be found in those portions of this section already in operation. . Between Junee Junction and Tailem Bend the highest station is Rockview, 1,136 feet, and from there,' going westerly, the elevation drops to 576 feet at Narrandera in a distance of 50 miles. In » further 107 miles to Hay, the height sinks to 307 feet, and to 165 feet at Ouyen. Thence, in a distance of 84 miles to Pinnaroo, the line ascends to 350 feet at Walpeup, encountering several grades of 1 in 60. The first is through a hard hill on leaving Ouyen and easily can be cut down. The longest, at Walpeup, may be eliminated entirely by a
Ifr.7Vn.&«W. southerly deviation. The banks out of Torrita and Boinka respectively may, without difficulty, be lowered. This entire section may be converted to fast traffic at relatively little cost. In a further 86 miles from Pinnaroo the line drops by easy stages to an altitude of 68 feet at Tailem Bend.
Because there is an almost continuous fall from Junee Junction south-westerly, the matter of grades should be considered rather for eastbound traffic. Between Tailem Bend and Pinnaroo the most sustained ascent is 198 feet from Peake to Jabuk in seven miles; an easy climb and made the more so because of the length of the incline. Between Pinnaroo and. Ouyen the maximum grade is 1 in 60. Such banks are few and easily may be much improved. Between Ouyen and Hay the ascent would be 142 feet in 160 miles. More than half the distance is through open and almost level plain country, and the slight rises which exist are concentrated almost entirely in the 40 miles east from Ouyen. A maximum gradient of 1 in 1.00 should not be difficult to survey. From Hay to Narrandera, through open country, there is a further lift of 269 feet in 107 miles. That is a negligible obstacle to haulage. In the 61 miles from Narrandera to Junee Junction, the most sustained station-to-station pull is an overall climb of 480 fei,t in the 18* miles from Brushwood to Rockview (with several banks which lend, themselves to regrading) which is the most pronounced change in elevation throughout the entire 499 miles from Tailem Bend. This means that linking Hay with Ouyen will provide a new freight route between Adelaide and Sydney, 57 per cent, of which in one continuous section will traverse plain oi slightly undulating country with not one mountain range intervening. Obvious are the economies in fuel consumption.
The existing rail route from Sydney to Adelaide, via Melbourne, entails a journey of 1,073 miles. The section of it between Tailem Bend and Junee Junction passe? through very difficult railway country from Ballarat to Melbourne (73f miles), in which portion the through goods load for an A2 engine is 385 tons, and in which at Wallace the altitude is 1,940, and the rise from Bacchus Marsh to Ingliston is 1,170 feet in 13} miles! Such grades discourage goods haulage and, in practice, cause freight to be diverted to the longer route via Geelong. From Melbourne towards Sydney there is a climb of 1,145 feet to Heathcote Junction, only 33 miles out. Dropping to 534 feet at Albury, the rails reach 2,395 feet at Cullerin 157 miles from Sydney. This also would be the highest station on the route from Sydney to Adelaide via Hay and Ouyen, but the grades on the latter way are incomparably better.
Because of the difficult country encountered on the journey from Sydney to Adelaide, via Melbourne, goods traffic is being diverted via Broken Hill, which route is shown in green on the map. Although this line of 1,034^ miles effects a saving of merely 38 miles over the Adelaide-Melbourne-Sydney route (shown on the map in heavy black), it involves two breaks of gauge. That disability will vanish with standardization, hut although there is now but one break on the journey through Melbourne, many business men prefer said disability of the Broken Hill route on account of the " bottle-neck " delays in Melbourne. How much more may they be expected to prefer the northern (green) route to the southern (black) when there is no break of journey 1
The Hay-Ouyen connexion offers to both Sydney and Adelaide business men the immediate advantage of only one change of gauge plus a substantial curtailment of mileage. In addition, there need be no "bottleneck " anywhere between Junee Junction and Tailem Bend. At the former place considerable yard improvements have been effected recently with provision for modern methods for the rapid servicing of engines. Such aids to clipping of schedules will increase the value of the Hay-Ouyen-Adelaide line as a fast interstate freight route. It so happens that good marshalling yards already exist at Tailem Bend, and that in the flat open country there, ample space is available to cater for a very large expansion of rail freighting.
The Darling-Murrumbidgee-Murray basin offers to a Government anxious to repatriate nien on the land the logical choice of country suitable for intensive irrigation settlement. When that area is in full production it will have an enormous quantity of goods for export. The Murray parallels the line between Murray Bridge and Tailem Bend, and comes close to the station at the latter place. Thoughtfully Nature has provided that river substantially below the level of the track, yet invitingly easy for the discharge of merchandise from railway to steamer. When the tonnage from those irrigation areas exceeds the capacity of the line from Tailem Bend to Adelaide, a Murray port should despatch the surplus to overseas customers.
The Sydney-Broken Hill-Adelaide route compares unfavorably with the Hay-Ouyen line in the matter of handicaps to cheap haulage. 147 miles forward to Sydney the line attains I,fi70 feet at Gumbowie ; drops to 204 feet at Menindee; climbs only to 1,035 feet at Parkes 349 miles further on; but ascends to 999 feet higher in only 24 miles; drops to 633 feet lower in the next 14 miles; rises 1,577 feet higher to reach 2,978 elevation at Canobolas in only 30 miles; falls 823 feet lower in 54 miles to Bathurst, only to rise 1,348 feet in (il miles to attain the height of 3,503 feet at Newnes Junction, the loftiest platform between Adelaide and Sydney, and 1,108 feet higher than Cullerin, the peak station on the Adelaide-Melbourne-Sydney run.
It is not intended to disparage the Blue Mountains line which is, in fact, a very necessary and desirable link with Broken Hill, and also a, magnificent replacement of the cumbersome and costly zig-zag railway operating in the early year's of this century, but which, nevertheless, is not the best rail link between Sydney and Adelaide. Apart from the saving in .time, fuel, and distance by the Hay-Ouyen route, the journey through the Blue Mountains involves a haul of 3,406 feet (increase in elevation) in 39$ miles during which 3,142 feet difference in level has to be surmounted in only 31 miles 11 chains between Emu Plains and Leura! On the run from Sydney to Junee Junction, during the climb to Cullerin the most continuous ascent is from North Menangle to Bowral, a difference in elevation of 1,957 feet in 45 miles, and an average gradient of approximately 44 feet per mile. Contrast this with the average gradient of 101 feet per mile between Emu Plains and Leura.
If honorable members read this book they will agree that the route therein proposed is much' better than any other for a line directly connecting Sydney with Adelaide. On such a line tropical fruits could be carried from Queensland to Adelaide, without going through Melbourne with the consequent risk, of deterioration. Finally, I believe that such evidences of prosperity as are to be seen in the capital cities' at the present time are due chiefly to the spending of their deferred pay by servicemen, and. to the expenditure of money by government instrumentalities. Such prosperity is not soundly based. Primary production is the true basis of national prosperity, and only when that fact is generally realized and acted upon will the economy of the country be placed on a proper footing,
Video: laulupeol kõlavad luuleread kirjutanud Liisa Lotta tunneb end kirjeldamatult - Video - Pärnu Postimees
Disclosure of Material connection: Some of the links in the post above are "associate sales links." This means if you can click on the link and purchase an item, we will receive a commission. Regardless, we only recommend products or services which we use personally and/or believe will add value to our readers. We are disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: "Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials."
One idea I’ve been musing about is the connections between IQ, Conscientiousness, and testosterone. IQ and Conscientiousness do not correlate to a remarkable degree - even though one would expect IQ to at least somewhat enable a long-term perspective, self-discipline, metacognition, etc! There are indications in studies of gifted youth that they have lower testosterone levels. The studies I’ve read on testosterone indicate no improvements to raw ability. So, could there be a self-sabotaging aspect to human intelligence whereby greater intelligence depends on lack of testosterone, but this same lack also holds back Conscientiousness (despite one’s expectation that intelligence would produce greater self-discipline and planning), undermining the utility of greater intelligence? Could cases of high IQ types who suddenly stop slacking and accomplish great things sometimes be due to changes in testosterone? Studies on the correlations between IQ, testosterone, Conscientiousness, and various measures of accomplishment are confusing and don’t always support this theory, but it’s an idea to keep in mind.
However, normally when you hear the term nootropic kicked around, people really mean a “cognitive enhancer” — something that does benefit thinking in some way (improved memory, faster speed-of-processing, increased concentration, or a combination of these, etc.), but might not meet the more rigorous definition above.  “Smart drugs” is another largely-interchangeable term.
All health content on bbcgoodfood.com is provided for general information only, and should not be treated as a substitute for the medical advice of your own doctor or any other health care professional. If you have any concerns about your general health, you should contact  your local health care provider. See our website terms and conditions for more information.
Results: Women with high caffeine intakes had significantly higher rates of bone loss at the spine than did those with low intakes (−1.90 ± 0.97% compared with 1.19 ± 1.08%; P = 0.038). When the data were analyzed according to VDR genotype and caffeine intake, women with the tt genotype had significantly (P = 0.054) higher rates of bone loss at the spine (−8.14 ± 2.62%) than did women with the TT genotype (−0.34 ± 1.42%) when their caffeine intake was >300 mg/d…In 1994, Morrison et al (22) first reported an association between vitamin D receptor gene (VDR) polymorphism and BMD of the spine and hip in adults. After this initial report, the relation between VDR polymorphism and BMD, bone turnover, and bone loss has been extensively evaluated. The results of some studies support an association between VDR polymorphism and BMD (23-,25), whereas other studies showed no evidence for this association (26,27)…At baseline, no significant differences existed in serum parathyroid hormone, serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, serum osteocalcin, and urinary N-telopeptide between the low- and high-caffeine groups (Table 1⇑). In the longitudinal study, the percentage of change in serum parathyroid hormone concentrations was significantly lower in the high-caffeine group than in the low-caffeine group (Table 2⇑). However, no significant differences existed in the percentage of change in serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D
Mosconi holds a dual PhD in neuroscience and nuclear medicine. She is the associate director of the Alzheimer’s Prevention Clinic at Weill Cornell Medical College/New York-Presbyterian Hospital, and the founder of the Nutrition and Brain Fitness Lab at New York University School of Medicine. With her training and experience, she ought to understand and practice rigorous science. She makes all the right noises about scientific literacy and recognizing pseudoscience, but she seems unable to look in the mirror and see her own errors.
The low-carb & high-fat diet (includes keto-diet) are not good for you because the brain needs glucose for fuel. It can burn fat. But, the brain’s preferred energy source is glucose. The key is to provide the brain with glucose without raising glucose/serum blood level. You do that by avoiding sugar and eating complex carbohydrates (fresh produce) that convert into glucose.
Encouraged by TruBrain’s magnesium & my magnesium l-threonate use, I design and run a blind random self-experiment to see whether magnesium citrate supplementation would improve my mood or productivity. I collected ~200 days of data at two dose levels. The analysis finds that the net effect was negative, but a more detailed look shows time-varying effects with a large initial benefit negated by an increasingly-negative effect. Combined with my expectations, the long half-life, and the higher-than-intended dosage, I infer that I overdosed on the magnesium. To verify this, I will be running a followup experiment with a much smaller dose.
*Results for individuals will vary, depending on existing health factors, lifestyle and level of fitness. The information contained on this site is intended to educate only and is in no way, a substitute for medical advice that your doctor or healthcare provider can offer, with whom you should always consult with before making any dietary changes. Information within should not be used for diagnosis, treatment or prevention of any disease. Testimonials and results contained within may not be an implication of future results. Testimonials on this site are based on the experiences of a few people and you may not have similar results. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration.
“Over the years, I have learned so much from the work of Dr. Mosconi, whose accomplished credentials spanning both neuroscience and nutrition are wholly unique. This book represents the first time her studies on the interaction between food and long-term cognitive function reach a general audience. Dr. Mosconi always makes the point that we would eat differently and treat our brains better if only we could see what we are doing to them. From the lab to the kitchen, this is extremely valuable and urgent advice, complete with recommendations that any one of us can take.”
It’s not easy to make it in the modern world, which asks you to be focused and sharp all the time. You have to be creative and learn the new skills all the time. That’s a heavy burden for your brain cells. One day, sooner or later, you have to accept the fact that your brain power and effectiveness are no longer as impressive and reliable as once they were. Brain Pill can help. You don’t have to force yourself to accept your new reality of limited focus and weak ability to learn new things. Brain Pill can refresh your mental clarity and improve your problem-solving and decision-making skills.
Eat a healthy diet. While the best nootropic supplements can help fuel your brain, they cannot fill every gap in your diet. If you want your brain to function at its best, a healthy, nutritious, varied diet is essential. Make sure that you are eating fatty fish and foods fortified with DHA omega-3 fatty acids. Get plenty of vitamin E and antioxidants like lutein.
Some work has been done on estimating the value of IQ, both as net benefits to the possessor (including all zero-sum or negative-sum aspects) and as net positive externalities to the rest of society. The estimates are substantial: in the thousands of dollars per IQ point. But since increasing IQ post-childhood is almost impossible barring disease or similar deficits, and even increasing childhood IQs is very challenging, much of these estimates are merely correlations or regressions, and the experimental childhood estimates must be weakened considerably for any adult - since so much time and so many opportunities have been lost. A wild guess: $1000 net present value per IQ point. The range for severely deficient children was 10-15 points, so any normal (somewhat deficient) adult gain must be much smaller and consistent with Fitzgerald 2012’s ceiling on possible effect sizes (small).
A week later: Golden Sumatran, 3 spoonfuls, a more yellowish powder. (I combined it with some tea dregs to hopefully cut the flavor a bit.) Had a paper to review that night. No (subjectively noticeable) effect on energy or productivity. I tried 4 spoonfuls at noon the next day; nothing except a little mental tension, for lack of a better word. I think that was just the harbinger of what my runny nose that day and the day before was, a head cold that laid me low during the evening.
That study is also interesting for finding benefits to chronic piracetam+choline supplementation in the mice, which seems connected to a Russian study which reportedly found that piracetam (among other more obscure nootropics) increased secretion of BDNF in mice. See also Drug heuristics on a study involving choline supplementation in pregnant rats.↩
But Baldino may have been overly modest. In 2002, researchers at Cambridge University gave 60 healthy young male volunteers a battery of standard cognitive tests. One group received modafinil, the other a placebo. The modafinil group performed better on several tasks, such as the "digit span" test, in which subjects are asked to repeat increasingly longer strings of numbers forwards, then backwards. They also did better in recognising repeated visual patterns and at a spatial-planning challenge known as the Tower of London task. (It's not nearly as fun as it sounds.) Writing in the journal Psychopharmacology, the study's authors said the results suggested that "modafinil offers significant potential as a cognitive enhancer".
Last April the scientific journal Nature published the results of an informal online poll asking whether readers attempted to sharpen "their focus, concentration, or memory" by taking drugs such as Ritalin and Provigil, a newer kind of stimulant, known generically as modafinil, which was developed to treat narcolepsy. One in five respondents said they did. A majority of the 1,400 readers who responded said that healthy adults should be permitted to take brain boosters for non-medical reasons, and 69% said that mild side-effects were an acceptable risk. Though a majority said that such drugs should not be made available to children who had no diagnosed medical condition, a third admitted that they would feel pressure to give "smart drugs" to their kids if they learned that other parents were doing so.
At small effects like d=0.07, a nontrivial chance of negative effects, and an unknown level of placebo effects (this was non-blinded, which could account for any residual effects), this strongly implies that LLLT is not doing anything for me worth bothering with. I was pretty skeptical of LLLT in the first place, and if 167 days can’t turn up anything noticeable, I don’t think I’ll be continuing with LLLT usage and will be giving away my LED set. (Should any experimental studies of LLLT for cognitive enhancement in healthy people surface with large quantitative effects - as opposed to a handful of qualitative case studies about brain-damaged people - and I decide to give LLLT another try, I can always just buy another set of LEDs: it’s only ~$15, after all.)
On the plus side: - I noticed the less-fatigue thing to a greater extent, getting out of my classes much less tired than usual. (Caveat: my sleep schedule recently changed for the saner, so it’s possible that’s responsible. I think it’s more the piracetam+choline, though.) - One thing I wasn’t expecting was a decrease in my appetite - nobody had mentioned that in their reports.I don’t like being bothered by my appetite (I know how to eat fine without it reminding me), so I count this as a plus. - Fidgeting was reduced further
One study of helicopter pilots suggested that 600 mg of modafinil given in three doses can be used to keep pilots alert and maintain their accuracy at pre-deprivation levels for 40 hours without sleep.[60] However, significant levels of nausea and vertigo were observed. Another study of fighter pilots showed that modafinil given in three divided 100 mg doses sustained the flight control accuracy of sleep-deprived F-117 pilots to within about 27% of baseline levels for 37 hours, without any considerable side effects.[61] In an 88-hour sleep loss study of simulated military grounds operations, 400 mg/day doses were mildly helpful at maintaining alertness and performance of subjects compared to placebo, but the researchers concluded that this dose was not high enough to compensate for most of the effects of complete sleep loss.
…Four subjects correctly stated when they received nicotine, five subjects were unsure, and the remaining two stated incorrectly which treatment they received on each occasion of testing. These numbers are sufficiently close to chance expectation that even the four subjects whose statements corresponded to the treatments received may have been guessing.
Blueberries and blackberries are at the top of the list of brain-boosting foods because they are exceptionally rich in chemicals called anthocyanins, which are among the most potent antioxidants. "But the real message here is that a diet rich in fruits and vegetables of all kinds does more than keep your heart healthy," says Tufts University neurobiologist James Joseph. It's healthy food for thought.
One thing I notice looking at the data is that the red magnesium-free days seem to dominate the upper ranks towards the end, and blues appear mostly at the bottom, although this is a little hard to see because good days in general start to become sparse towards the end. Now, why would days start to be worse towards the end, and magnesium-dose days in particular? The grim surmise is: an accumulating overdose - no immediate acute effect, but the magnesium builds up, dragging down all days, but especially magnesium-dose days. The generally recognized symptoms of hypermagnesemia don’t include effect on mood or cognition, aside from muscle weakness, confusion, and decreased reflexes…poor appetite that does not improve, but it seems plausible that below medically-recognizable levels of distress like hypermagnesemia might still cause mental changes, and I wouldn’t expect any psychological research to have been done on this topic.
Thanks to the many years of research in the field, we know now that what we eat can have a strong impact on our mental health. Not only can it protect us from developing Alzheimer's, but it's an act of self-care on its own. "Biology is all about harmony, about finding equilibrium and homeostasis," says Dr. Lisa, which is why her approach differs from food restrictions and focuses on minimizing intake of those foods that don't help us feel better.
Your mileage will vary. There are so many parameters and interactions in the brain that any of them could be the bottleneck or responsible pathway, and one could fall prey to the common U-shaped dose-response curve (eg. Yerkes-Dodson law; see also Chemistry of the adaptive mind & de Jongh et al 2007) which may imply that the smartest are those who benefit least23 but ultimately they all cash out in a very few subjective assessments like energetic or motivated, with even apparently precise descriptions like working memory or verbal fluency not telling you much about what the nootropic actually did. It’s tempting to list the nootropics that worked for you and tell everyone to go use them, but that is merely generalizing from one example (and the more nootropics - or meditation styles, or self-help books, or getting things done systems - you try, the stronger the temptation is to evangelize). The best you can do is read all the testimonials and studies and use that to prioritize your list of nootropics to try. You don’t know in advance which ones will pay off and which will be wasted. You can’t know in advance. And wasted some must be; to coin a Umeshism: if all your experiments work, you’re just fooling yourself. (And the corollary - if someone else’s experiments always work, they’re not telling you everything.)
We can read off the results from the table or graph: the nicotine days average 1.1% higher, for an effect size of 0.24; however, the 95% credible interval (equivalent of confidence interval) goes all the way from 0.93 to -0.44, so we cannot exclude 0 effect and certainly not claim confidence the effect size must be >0.1. Specifically, the analysis gives a 66% chance that the effect size is >0.1. (One might wonder if any increase is due purely to a training effect - getting better at DNB. Probably not26.)
Another traditional Chinese brain booster is Danggui-Shaoyao-San (DSS). It has been suggested that DSS has potent beneficial angiogenesis and neurogenesis effects that may make it a potential treatment for ischemic stroke therapy. DSS is also known to beneficially impact free radical-mediated neurological diseases, exhibit anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities and reduce cell death in the hippocampus, thereby promoting greater emotional, memory-related and autonomic nervous system function. Currently, there is limited research on proper dosage, but you can learn more about DSS in this fantastic summary article on it’s interplay with Alzheimer’s.
Choline is very important for cognitive function because it is a precursor to Acteylcholine. Your body needs enough choline to convert into Acteylcholine to keep your brain healthy. For this reason, choline supplements are often considered great nootropics, even by themselves. CDP-Choline and Alpha GPC are the best sources for supplemental Choline.
Zack explained that he didn't really like the term enhancement: "We're not talking about superhuman intelligence. No one's saying we're coming out with a pill that's going to make you smarter than Einstein! What we're really talking about is enabling people." He sketched a bell curve on the back of a napkin. "Almost every drug in development is something that will take someone who's working at, like, 40% or 50%, and take them up to 80," he said.
A protein source linked to a great brain boost is fish -- rich in omega-3 fatty acids that are key for brain health. These healthy fats have amazing brain power: A diet with higher levels of them has been linked to lower dementia and stroke risks and slower mental decline; plus, they may play a vital role in enhancing memory, especially as we get older.
(As I was doing this, I reflected how modafinil is such a pure example of the money-time tradeoff. It’s not that you pay someone else to do something for you, which necessarily they will do in a way different from you; nor is it that you have exchanged money to free yourself of a burden of some future time-investment; nor have you paid money for a speculative return of time later in life like with many medical expenses or supplements. Rather, you have paid for 8 hours today of your own time.)
I noticed what may have been an effect on my dual n-back scores; the difference is not large (▃▆▃▃▂▂▂▂▄▅▂▄▂▃▅▃▄ vs ▃▄▂▂▃▅▂▂▄▁▄▃▅▂▃▂▄▂▁▇▃▂▂▄▄▃▃▂▃▂▂▂▃▄▄▃▆▄▄▂▃▄▃▁▂▂▂▃▂▄▂▁▁▂▄▁▃▂▄) and appears mostly in the averages - Toomim’s quick two-sample t-test gave p=0.23, although a another analysis gives p=0.138112. One issue with this before-after quasi-experiment is that one would expect my scores to slowly rise over time and hence a fish oil after would yield a score increase - the 3.2 point difference could be attributable to that, placebo effect, or random variation etc. But an accidentally noticed effect (d=0.28) is a promising start. An experiment may be worth doing given that fish oil does cost a fair bit each year: randomized blocks permitting an fish-oil-then-placebo comparison would take care of the first issue, and then blinding (olive oil capsules versus fish oil capsules?) would take care of the placebo worry.
Nootropics – sometimes called smart drugs – are compounds that enhance brain function. They’re becoming a popular way to give your mind an extra boost. According to one Telegraph report, up to 25% of students at leading UK universities have taken the prescription smart drug modafinil [1], and California tech startup employees are trying everything from Adderall to LSD to push their brains into a higher gear [2].
Maca root has been used by indigenous people groups in South America for thousands of years. It’s part of the mustard family found primarily in Andean regions and some of its primary uses include improving sexual function, memory and learning as well as reducing the effects of osteoporosis. The standard effective dose ranges from 1,500 to 3,000 mg.
Supplements, medications, and coffee certainly might play a role in keeping our brains running smoothly at work or when we’re trying to remember where we left our keys. But the long-term effects of basic lifestyle practices can’t be ignored. “For good brain health across the life span, you should keep your brain active,” Sahakian says. “There is good evidence for ‘use it or lose it.’” She suggests brain-training apps to improve memory, as well as physical exercise. “You should ensure you have a healthy diet and not overeat. It is also important to have good-quality sleep. Finally, having a good work-life balance is important for well-being.” Try these 8 ways to get smarter while you sleep.
All clear? Try one (not dozens) of nootropics for a few weeks and keep track of how you feel, Kerl suggests. It’s also important to begin with as low a dose as possible; when Cyr didn’t ease into his nootropic regimen, his digestion took the blow, he admits. If you don’t notice improvements, consider nixing the product altogether and focusing on what is known to boost cognitive function – eating a healthy diet, getting enough sleep regularly and exercising. "Some of those lifestyle modifications," Kerl says, "may improve memory over a supplement."
In 2011, a story surfaced that struck fear into many: A woman was being treated for brain and memory disorders, when in reality she was just incredibly low in B12 stores. Turns out, this isn’t uncommon; many physicians don’t run routine blood tests for the nutrient, which is especially troublesome considering that our ability to absorb B12 is dramatically reduced with age. Over time, low vitamin B12 can do a number of your cognition.
As for newer nootropic drugs, there are unknown risks. “Piracetam has been studied for decades,” says cognitive neuroscientist Andrew Hill, the founder of a neurofeedback company in Los Angeles called Peak Brain Institute. But “some of [the newer] compounds are things that some random editor found in a scientific article, copied the formula down and sent it to China and had a bulk powder developed three months later that they’re selling. Please don’t take it, people!”
The experiment then is straightforward: cut up a fresh piece of gum, randomly select from it and an equivalent dry piece of gum, and do 5 rounds of dual n-back to test attention/energy & WM. (If it turns out to be placebo, I’ll immediately use the remaining active dose: no sense in wasting gum, and this will test whether nigh-daily use renders nicotine gum useless, similar to how caffeine may be useless if taken daily. If there’s 3 pieces of active gum left, then I wrap it very tightly in Saran wrap which is sticky and air-tight.) The dose will be 1mg or 1/4 a gum. I cut up a dozen pieces into 4 pieces for 48 doses and set them out to dry. Per the previous power analyses, 48 groups of DNB rounds likely will be enough for detecting small-medium effects (partly since we will be only looking at one metric - average % right per 5 rounds - with no need for multiple correction). Analysis will be one-tailed, since we’re looking for whether there is a clear performance improvement and hence a reason to keep using nicotine gum (rather than whether nicotine gum might be harmful).
Perhaps the most well-known natural nootropic stimulant and neuroenhancer is caffeine. Caffeine has been shown to prevent memory deficits in experimental models of Alzheimer’s disease and may even restore memory following impairment. In studies performed with college students, caffeine was shown to have particularly potent effects on memory improvement during students’ non-optimal time of day, in this case, early in the morning. Caffeine’s benefits go even further because it’s never found in an isolated vacuum in nature, meaning that it’s always located in some kind of plant such as green tea or bean such as coffee that carry additional beneficial compounds which often enhance the effects of caffeine, including, most notably, certain cholesterols, polyphenols and antioxidants. In fact, one study determined that caffeine alone does not account for the benefits caused by coffee consumption. Rather, the phytochemical content of coffee (coffee contains over 1,000 different natural chemicals!) gives it potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties that complement the neuroprotective effects of caffeine on the central nervous system.
Noopept is a Russian stimulant sometimes suggested for nootropics use as it may be more effective than piracetam or other -racetams, and its smaller doses make it more convenient & possibly safer. Following up on a pilot study, I ran a well-powered blind randomized self-experiment between September 2013 and August 2014 using doses of 12-60mg Noopept & pairs of 3-day blocks to investigate the impact of Noopept on self-ratings of daily functioning in addition to my existing supplementation regimen involving small-to-moderate doses of piracetam. A linear regression, which included other concurrent experiments as covariates & used multiple imputation for missing data, indicates a small benefit to the lower dose levels and harm from the highest 60mg dose level, but no dose nor Noopept as a whole was statistically-significant. It seems Noopept’s effects are too subtle to easily notice if they exist, but if one uses it, one should probably avoid 60mg+.
It arrived as described, a little bottle around the volume of a soda can. I had handy a plastic syringe with milliliter units which I used to measure out the nicotine-water into my tea. I began with half a ml the first day, 1ml the second day, and 2ml the third day. (My Zeo sleep scores were 85/103/86 (▁▇▁), and the latter had a feline explanation; these values are within normal variation for me, so if nicotine affects my sleep, it does so to a lesser extent than Adderall.) Subjectively, it’s hard to describe. At half a ml, I didn’t really notice anything; at 1 and 2ml, I thought I began to notice it - sort of a cleaner caffeine. It’s nice so far. It’s not as strong as I expected. I looked into whether the boiling water might be breaking it down, but the answer seems to be no - boiling tobacco is a standard way to extract nicotine, actually, and nicotine’s own boiling point is much higher than water; nor do I notice a drastic difference when I take it in ordinary water. And according to various e-cigarette sources, the liquid should be good for at least a year.
“By drawing on more than fifteen years of scientific research and experience, Dr. Mosconi provides expert advice to prevent medical decline and sharpen memory. Her brain healthy recipes will help you maintain peak cognitive performance well into old age and therefore delay and may even prevent the appearance of debilitating diseases like Alzheimer’s.”
A third of participants in clinical trials on Modafinil have reported crippling headaches. An additional 11% experienced nausea, while others reported an array of other side-effects ranging from nervousness to diarrhea. Dizziness and insomnia may also result from Modafinil use. I can attest that the side effects are very real. In fact, I had to stop using Modafinil after 2 days when my headaches became so intense I ended up at the ER.
Surgeries – Here's another unpleasant surprise. You're probably thinking we're referring to a brain surgery, but that's not the only surgery that can influence the blood flow to your brain the bad way. For example, a heart surgery can cause hypoperfusion. How? Fat globules, which are released during these kinds of procedures, can find their way to your brain and disrupt the optimal blood flow.
-Water [is also important]. Over 80% of the brain’s content is water. Every chemical reaction that takes place in the brain needs water, especially energy production. The brain is so sensitive to dehydration that even a minimal loss of water can cause symptoms like brain fog, fatigue, dizziness, confusion and, more importantly, brain shrinkage. The longevity and well-being of your brain are critically dependent upon consuming hard water. This refers to plain water that is high in minerals and natural electrolytes. Most people don’t realize that the water they’re drinking is not actually “water”.
We started hearing the buzz when Daytime TV Doctors, started touting these new pills that improve concentration, memory recall, focus, mental clarity and energy. And though we love the good Doctor and his purple gloves, we don’t love the droves of hucksters who prey on his loyal viewers trying to make a quick buck, often selling low-grade versions of his medical discoveries.
Still, putting unregulated brain drugs into my system feels significantly scarier than downing a latte or a Red Bull—not least because the scientific research on nootropics’ long-term effects is still so thin. One 2014 study found that Ritalin, modafinil, ampakines, and other similar stimulants could eventually reduce the “plasticity” of some of the brain’s neural networks by providing them with too much dopamine, glutamate and norepinephrine, and potentially cause long-term harm in young people whose brains were still developing. (In fact, in young people, the researchers wrote, these stimulants could actually have the opposite effect the makers intended: “Healthy individuals run the risk of pushing themselves beyond optimal levels into hyperdopaminergic and hypernoradrenergic states, thus vitiating the very behaviors they are striving to improve.”) But the researchers found no evidence that normal doses of these drugs were harmful when taken by adults.
It looks like the overall picture is that nicotine is absorbed well in the intestines and the colon, but not so well in the stomach; this might be the explanation for the lack of effect, except on the other hand, the specific estimates I see are that 10-20% of the nicotine will be bioavailable in the stomach (as compared to 50%+ for mouth or lungs)… so any of my doses of >5ml should have overcome the poorer bioavailability! But on the gripping hand, these papers are mentioning something about the liver metabolizing nicotine when absorbed through the stomach, so…
NGF may sound intriguing, but the price is a dealbreaker: at suggested doses of 1-100μg (NGF dosing in humans for benefits is, shall we say, not an exact science), and a cost from sketchy suppliers of $1210/100μg/$470/500μg/$750/1000μg/$1000/1000μg/$1030/1000μg/$235/20μg. (Levi-Montalcini was presumably able to divert some of her lab’s production.) A year’s supply then would be comically expensive: at the lowest doses of 1-10μg using the cheapest sellers (for something one is dumping into one’s eyes?), it could cost anywhere up to $10,000.
Nootropics aren’t new—the word was coined in 1972 by a Romanian doctor, Corneliu E. Giurgea—but the Silicon Valley-led body-hacking movement, epitomized by food replacements like Soylent and specialized supplements like Bulletproof Coffee, seems to have given them new life. There are dozens of online forums, including an active subreddit, where nootropics users gather to exchange stack recipes and discuss the effects of various combinations of compounds. And although their "brain-enhancing" effects are still generally unproven, nootropics proponents point to clinical studies showing that certain compounds can increase short-term memory, reduce reaction time, and improve spatial awareness.
Recent findings also suggest that taking extra vitamins could help preserve memory, especially as we age. Researchers at Australia's University of Sydney tested 117 people in a retirement home by putting them through a battery of mental tests that included remembering a string of words, listing as many words as possible that begin with a certain letter of the alphabet, and doing mental addition and subtraction. Those who regularly took vitamin C, they found, scored higher on the tests.
To make things more interesting, I think I would like to try randomizing different dosages as well: 12mg, 24mg, and 36mg (1-3 pills); on 5 May 2014, because I wanted to finish up the experiment earlier, I decided to add 2 larger doses of 48 & 60mg (4-5 pills) as options. Then I can include the previous pilot study as 10mg doses, and regress over dose amount.
Nootroo and Nootrobox are two San Francisco nootropics startups that launched last year. Their founders come from the tech scene and their products are squarely aimed at the tech crowd seeking the convenience of not having to build their own combinations. Each claims big-name Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors among their users, though neither will name them.
Any organization without a monitoring strategy may permit the effects of broken servers or overloaded databases, security breaches or basic failures without even knowing about it. MaxNOC Monitoring service delivers indepth monitoring services to allow for constant reporting and analysis of your network segments such as network devices, web servers, operating systems and database systems.
MaxNOC actively monitors all of its network infrastructure resources to ensure the integrity of our data centers and all customer operations.
Enterprise level network monitoring to monitor the service level agreement and the equipment you are using to ensure you are achieving the maximum uptime.
Provides the information you need to take action before trouble happens and solutions to let you recover from failures automatically. Robust, reliable and scalable monitoring solution with detailed reports. Most comprehensive monitoring solution available today.
IRC: New Responses to the Refugee Crisis: Promises and Challenges in Ethiopia, A case study of World Bank financing for refugee-hosting nations
UNHCR: Ethiopia Country Refugee Response Plan 2018 : The integrated response plan for refugees from Eritrea, Sudan, South Sudan and Somalia (January - December 2018)
UNHCR: South Sudan Situation - Responding to the needs of displaced South Sudanese and refugees, Supplementary Appeal January - December 2018
Karin Kneissl: "The goal is to alleviate the humanitarian emergency, to give the people prospects in their region"
ReliefWeb has been the leading online source for reliable and timely humanitarian information on global crises and disasters since 1996.
On Monday 16 October 2017 the Council adopted the EU Annual Report on Human Rights And Democracy in the World in 2016.
2016 was a challenging year for human rights and democracy, with a shrinking space for civil society and complex humanitarian and political crises emerging. In this context, the European Union showed leadership and remained strongly committed to promote and protect human rights and democracy across the world.
As of 1100 EST on 3 October, Category 4 Hurricane Matthew was some 330 km south-east from Kingston (Jamaica) and 440 km south-west from Port-au-Prince (Haiti) in the Caribbean Sea, moving north-west at 9 km/h, with maximum sustained winds of 220 km/h, according to the National Hurricane Center…
Tropical Storm (TS) Earl was expected to make landfall on Belize, on Wednesday, 3 August 2016, and to further develop into a Category 1 Hurricane. (UNCT, 2 Aug 2016) In Dominican Republic, due to the passage of a low pressure system, heavy rain and strong winds have been affecting several parts of…
On Sunday, 18 October 2015 at 6:00 a.m., NEMO reported that an area of low pressure moved away from Belize, causing heavy rainfall across the country and affecting Belize City in particular, where residents were affected by localized flooding; the heavy rains began on 15 October. This system…
From 10/11/2018 to 12/11/2018, a Tropical Storm (maximum wind speed of 139 km/h) GAJA-18 was active in NorthIndian. The cyclone affects these countries: India (vulnerability High). Estimated population affected by category 1 (120 km/h) wind speeds or higher is 1.139 million.
100pcs 9pin micro sd card slot connectors t flash common style size 14 15mm tf card deck self acting card slot pop up
professional led project video processor ams lvp815s sdi led video wall controller for full color advertising led display screen
led multi color egg night light led colour changing kids nightlight child led night lighting desk lamp babys
ups dhl free promotional suzuki alto saxophone e flat matte black musical instruments saxophone professional grade encarved
Throw the party of the year at Lusitano Restaurant & Royal Gardens Banquet Facility. Dates are available for your next function, give us a call today! Our family-owned restaurant has served Fall River, MA residents for more than 40 years. We offer authentic Mediterranean culinary delights that keep customers coming back for more. We offer live entertainment on Saturday evenings, so come enjoy dinner and dancing. Discover your favorite dish at Lusitano Restaurant & Royal Gardens Banquet Facility today.
The Royal Gardens Banquet Facility has been open for 20 years. During that time, we've hosted hundreds of weddings, birthday parties and corporate events. We love helping our Fall River, MA neighbors throw memorable events. Give us a call today, and start planning the wedding you've always dreamed about.
Rediscover a family favorite or step outside of your comfort zone at Lusitano Restaurant & Royal Gardens Banquet Facility. Our talented chefs create authentic Portuguese dishes, including:
We also offer Spanish delicacies and select American classics, including surf n' turf and buffalo wings. Come by today to try them all.
several of the Fall River and surrounding area restaurants competed in contest and Lusitano won 1st place for their house steak,
Kids Channel is an online educational platform, specializing in graphic videos, nursery rhymes and songs for children. With the help of colors and graceful ...
Welcome to Funtoys Channel with surprise toys unboxing. Music from Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com) Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 ...
My Magic Pet Morphle Episodes For Kids! In this a many episode compilation of the 'My Magic Pet Morphle' children's cartoon series. Morphle can morph into all ...
Run schoolies run because it's halloween! For more spooky halloween videos by Kids Channel click here: bit.ly/2PNav8u Hi Kids! Watch this Run ...
Hi Kids! Watch this Color Bus Story for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team did ...
Hi Kids! Watch this Zombie Town for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team did ...
To watch more street vehicle videos click here: bit.ly/2qkIASo Hi Kids! Watch this Police Car For Kids for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy ...
What it made us think of: Napkins, origami, nomads, The British, optical illusions, Hoth--Lots of references but hard to find a way to tie them together
What it made us think of: Patrons of an upscale ski lodge snowed in and embroiled in an over the top murder whodunit. Trust no one!
Five years ago, Valerie and I become the proud parents of a cute little fur-ball we named Walter. At the time, we thought it would be a good idea to put in a fence so that he could go outside to run and frolic. There was no good way to connect the fence to our house, so we decided to just fence in the grassy area of the back yard; I liked to call our yard the "box".
As Walter got older, it became apparent that he was no lover of the outdoors. We would take him out to the yard and he would just stand at the gate and bark, even if we were right on the other side. The only way he was content in the yard is if we were in the fence with him. He would also sit at the gate and bark if he was alone outside, and even if he had some other dog friends over to play. He did not like to be inside that fence without any other humans. Go figure.
So, we got him a tie-out so he could spend time outside with us outside the fence. The problem then, was the fence. If he was on his tie-out, he couldn't really get into the yard because of the fence. We didn't want to take the fence down since it was so new, and it kept the kids in the yard and out of the alley, so we were content to leave things the way they were.
Because of his lack of access to the yard when he was outside alone, Walter got into the unfortunate habit of relieving himself on the driveway or patio. Too much information, I know, but it lead to us making a decision about the fence. We couldn't continue to let him display that behavior, but we also knew he really had nowhere else to go. We could take him out to the yard every time we let him out, but that would just lead to a barking fit. We realized we only really had one solution to our ongoing problem.
What we ended up doing was taking down the section of fence that was between the yard and the house. Ari and I headed outside, tools and shovels in hand, and disassembled the fence. It was a pretty quick process, really, aside from digging those posts out of the ground. Removing that part of the fence enabled Walter more access to the grass and still kept the kids at bay in the yard. We are retraining Walter to relieve himself in the grass and all things are going well so far.
I am really happy with the way the backyard looks now, too. Removing that piece of fence really opened things up and makes the area look bigger. We are going to have to find another place for our garden this spring, but that's really no problem at all. We are also going to get Walter a longer tie-out so he can go further into the grass. I just love stories with happy endings.
Morpace is a top 50 global research and consultingfirm which has built a reputation as truth seekers who humanize data to connectclients with their customers. With offices in Detroit, Los Angeles, London and Shanghai, Morpace has been recognized as a global leader in its field and isconsidered a best place to work. For more information on the firm and its services, visit www.morpace.com.
Uncode is a pixel perfect creative multiuse WordPress Theme designed with terrific attention to details, flexibility and performance. It is ultra professional, smooth and sleek, with a clean modern layout for almost any needs.
WRAP # 67: Building a healthy future for migrant women, bilingual health education bears fruit and Then and Now with Bic Gresty – MCWH
WRAP # 67: Building a healthy future for migrant women, bilingual health education bears fruit and Then and Now with Bic Gresty
At the halfway point of our 40th year, the MCWH events and celebrations calendar is really warming up, which is much needed this time of year!
We’ve been taking every opportunity to share health messages with women, build on our current projects and advocate for our communities’ health and all the while we’ve been planning a party!
So it’s a great time to announce that Costa has agreed to be our major sponsor for our special MCWH Gala event on 25th October (save the date!)
We also just held an important and exciting forum about the state and future of migrant women in Victoria, facilitated by the wonderful Santilla Chingaipe.
So this issue we are giving a short and sharp run down of the key takeaways from the forum, we are talking about why we value our partnership with Costa so much and introducing our WRAP readers to our newest video about bilingual health education (please watch it!). And to cap it off, we have a perfect ‘Then and Now’ from Bic Gresty, a woman that we deeply admire at MCWH, and who features briefly in our new video.
Medina on WRAP # 67: Building a healthy future for migrant women, bilingual health education bears fruit and Then and Now with Bic Gresty
Filter your news by category Select Category employment Events Health Education Media People and Partnerships Policy Position Papers Projects & Publications Research Submissions The Scoop Training Uncategorized WRAP
MCWH is proud to acknowledge that the land on which we work and live always was and always will be Aboriginal land. We pay our respects to traditional owners of country and to all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples, their culture, their connection to country and their ancestors and elders past and present.
MCWH is a Not-For-Profit organisation putting migrant women's health in migrant women's hands since 1978.
MCWH acknowledges the financial support of the Commonwealth Department of Health and the Victorian Government.
This is the listing of rat and mouse breeders who are registered with the NSW Fancy Rodent Society Inc (NFRS). These are breeders who have an established relationship with the club, who we trust to represent the club through their understanding and practical application of our ethics and code of conduct, and who we recommend to people seeking to purchase rats or mice. Only NFRS (and QRF, see below) registered breeders are permitted to promote their rodentry or sell animals on our Facebook Page, and at our shows. All financial club members are permitted to sell items/products (not animals) on our Page and at the show.
If you meet the below criteria, and would like to be considered for registered breeder status, please email us with the following info:
A list of the shows at which you have exhibited animals bred under your prefix in the past 12 months (must be at least 3).
A current registered breeder or committee member who knows you and your setup and can vouch for you.
The details you want listed on the register if you are approved (your rodentry name; whether you breed rats and/or mice; any contact info you want listed; website and/or Facebook page).
The registered breeders list is reviewed each year at the AGM. If any registered breeder has not; renewed membership, exhibited at least 3 NFRS shows, and attended at least 1 NFRS workshop; then their registered breeder status will be forfeit.
In addition, the NSW Fancy Rodent Society has a reciprocal agreement with the Queensland Rodent Fanciers, whereby the registered breeders of both clubs have the same rights. The following QRF registered breeders are recognised in the NFRS.
[ { "catentry_id" : "4240216", "Attributes" :	{ }, "ItemImage" : "/wcsstore/CATCAS/CM20170508-76204-57647", "ItemImage467" : "/wcsstore/CATCAS/CM20170508-76204-57647", "ItemThumbnailImage" : "/wcsstore/CATCAS/CM20170508-76204-57647" }	]
Please enter a valid serial number beginning with three alphanumeric characters followed by numeric characters (e.g.: XYZ01234). The serial number plate is typically found on the back of the engine block.
Sorry, the system is not able to save your equipment at this time. You can continue shopping for this equipment or try saving later.
Purchase of this product requires an additional deposit that is refundable when you return the old core to the selling Caterpillar dealer. The core deposit is refunded upon return of an acceptable core (used part) to your dealer. In order to qualify for a core deposit refund, the core must meet acceptance criteria. Typical criteria include, but are not limited to: must be fully assembled and complete, not cracked or broken, free of excessive rust or pitting, free of fire damage, and must be an acceptable Cat® part number. Core acceptance criteria may vary by product - please contact your dealer for full details.
This part appears to be a compatible match to your equipment based on original factory-build information. This indicator should only be used as a guide and does not guarantee fitment. If you have questions about compatibility, please consult your dealer.
We are unable to verify this part will fit your equipment based on factory-build information. This indicator should only be used as a guide. If you have questions about compatibility, please consult your dealer.
*Prices listed include estimated GST. Final price, including freight (if applicable), will be displayed on the order confirmation page prior to placing the order, where GST will be shown on a total invoice approach.
* Prices listed exclude GST. Final price, including GST, and freight (if applicable), will be displayed on the order confirmation page prior to placing the order, where GST will be shown a total invoice approach.
Language: Language: United States English Bahasa Indonesia Português do Brasil 简体中文 Español (Latino) Français Deutsch 한국어 Русский
We are Party Animals Low Fell, the largest and most popular party store in Treforest. Opening in 2007, we have quickly established ourselves as the 'one stop party shop' in the South Wales area. With our large shop consisting of 1000s of fancy dress outfits and accessories to choose from, we never disappoint. All of our costumes are to buy, so you can use those quality outfits time after time, providing great value for money and savings on your purchase.
At Party Animals fancy dress Low Fell, we believe the customer is of the upmost importance, so whether you're ordering online for delivery to Low Fell or purchasing in store, you will be looked after from start to finish. We have an unrivalled experience in the industry and are proud to call ourselves the fancy dress experts.
Can't see the product you want online? Not a problem. Get in touch, as there's a good chance we can source it for you and get is delivered quickly to your door in Low Fell.
HalloweenMovies, TV & CartoonsSuperheros & Villains1950s 1960s & 1970sFairytale and StorybookArmy Navy & RAFPirates & Wenches1980s & 1990sHawaiian Beach PartyClowns Circus & Comedy
Alex, Arthur van Steyn, Dries Roelvink, Elmar, Jeffrey Heesen, Jeffrey van Es, John Zoet, Mart Hoogkamer, Mystery Guest, Robert van Hemert, Wesley Klein, Wesly Bronkhorst
Campaign for Rip Curl Recognised for Mobile in MarketingScoop.co.nz (press release)Newly merged creative communications agency Verdict/MEA Mobile has been selected as a finalist in the Australian Mobile Awards. From its Hamilton headquarters the agency… Continue reading →
Posted in Syndicated Posts	| Tagged communications agency, creative communications, marketing, mea, nbsp, press release, release campaign, Scoop	| Leave a reply
I've been really fortunate to work on some awesome stuff over the years. From my 9 years working with Gary Vaynerchuk (both personally and with Wine Library), to Spell with flickr, Color Wars and Hide an Image with CSS, Working at Etsy for 3 years and now helping grow Kickstarter!
The past week I have noticed some substantial price rises which have me a little annoyed. I am going to use this post to keep track of them. The argument from my employer as to why we are not worthy of pay increases is that they see no changes in the cost of living. My […]
Ascian: people who live in the tropics, for whom the sun at noon twice a year stands overhead, and so cast no shadows.
The Glass Den Coburg has one of those menus where you want to order all of the above. I am an indecisive person at the best of times, particularly before my first caffeine fix of the day. And after reading the menu and re-reading it again, I felt more and more confused. I wanted it all. But the best thing about plenty of options is that you will definitely want to go back.
Housed in the site of the former Pentridge Prison (Pentridge is the old name for Coburg), the Glass Den Coburg is located in the gatehouse of the notorious D Block. The prison only closed in 1997, so you can still feel the history of the place. Beyond the beautiful bluestone façade, you’ll now find a beautiful light filled space. Colourful mismatched chairs are teamed with contemporary art and plenty of greenery. Some of the prison bars still remain, ensuring that a little sense of history is instilled.
The menu is packed full of delicious breakfast and lunch treats. It’s playful and inventive, and is definitely a menu where you think “I could NOT have made this at home”. There’s plenty of gluten free options too. On the savoury side there’s an open soft shell crab croissant with spinach scrambled eggs and an Egg au Gratin with confit portobello mushrooms, while the sweet menu sings with rocky road French toast with matcha whipped mascarpone and blackforest hotcakes. Even the standard avo on toast is mighty tempting, teamed with fresh cherry tomatoes, dukkah, bocconchini fiordilatte, baby mizuna, basil pesto and balsamic reduction served on crisp soy and quinoa loaf.
More “lunchier” options are served from 11:00am and include a selection of burgers, a beetroot and thyme cured salmon and the super delicious (and healthy!) winter bowl – chock full of roasted pumpkin, cauliflower, baby spinach, candied almonds, chickpeas, house infused feta and a tahini dressing.
The blackforest hotcakes are a sweet tooth’s dream. A stack of three fluffy hotcakes are laden with cherry nibs, chocolate fudge, candied coconut and chocolate soil to produce a textural and flavour bomb. A side of vanilla bean whipped cream is just enough to cut through the richness and intensity of the chocolate.
Equally delicious is the sizzling caramel bread pudding which is baked fresh in house daily and served in a black skillet. It’s a glamourous sticky date pudding of sorts, teamed with banana, brandy sauce, walnut, salted caramel fudge, house made toffee caramel ice cream and finished with cinnamon dust. One of those dishes which are almost too pretty to eat – highlight the almost!
They serve St Ali Coffee; the house blend is “Orthodox” 40% Colombia / 60% Brazil and they also serve a number of single origins which rotate regularly. Or you can have a health kick with a Good Brew Kombucha, one of their cold pressed juices or an avocado smoothie.
Ohhh they didn’t have those black forest hot cakes last time I was there…. Cannot WAIT to get my paws on them!!
Hello! Welcome to Lisa Eats World, a blog which documents my food and travel adventures throughout the world. I hope you enjoy my journey and discover new food and restaurants along the way. Thanks for stopping by, I look forward to chatting with you. Read More…
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012
Welcome to Lisa Eats World, a blog which shares two of my biggest passions in life - food and travel. My aim is to “eat the world” one inch at a time and explore as many different cuisines and cultures as possible. I hope you enjoy my wanderings and stop by again soon! Read More…
KAMCO Investment Q3 profits rise 3% | Kuwait’s crude oil adds $1.26 on Monday – KPC | Marakez Q3 losses deepen 2% | Kipco Q3 profits grow 2%, 9M earnings down to KWD 20m | Kuwait awards $210m deals for Sabah Al Ahmad City | Unicap records higher profits in Q3 on reversing provisions | Tamdeen Real Estate Q3 profits drop 78% | Boursa Kuwait closes Tuesday mixed for 2nd session in row | Saudi pays $60m to the PA treasury | Khashoggi killing: Strongest evidence linking murder to MBS | Saudi crown prince meets families of servicemen killed in line of duty Previous | Flynas first Saudi airline to receive Airbus A320neo | KSA tops GCC in economic improvement on higher oil price – IMF | Alkhabeer REIT Fund to acquire SAR 1bn assets | Saudi Arabia to provide health insurance to all nationals in 5 yrs | Saudi economy to maintain growth - IMF | Al Kathiri Holding Q3 profit rises 4% | Mefic Reit Fund gets SAR 400m loans from Riyadh Bank | MedGulf, Saudi Electricity ink SAR 570m health insurance contract | Saudi indices end Tuesday in red | Pakistani PM meets Chief of Staff of Qatar | Qatar affirms support for stability in Libya | Amir, President of Ghana discuss ties and cooperation prospects | Qatar Chamber discusses ways to protect sub-contractors | Qatar has contained the effect of siege, grow faster this year: IMF | Qatar Military Logistics Conference begins | QTerminals achieves container, cargo handling milestones | Qatar launches WISH 2018 Tuesday | Qatar’s oil output reaches 609,000 bpd in October – OPEC | QSE loses 76 pts early Tuesday
A Royal Decree was issued on Tuesday appointing Yousef Issawi as Royal Court chief, as of June 20, 2018, according to a Royal Court statement.
His Majesty King Abdullah sent a letter to Issawi, in which he commended his “performance and distinguished efforts” in previous posts as secretary general of the Royal Court, adviser and head of the follow-up committee for the implementation of Royal initiatives, as well as an officer in the Jordan Armed Forces-Arab Army.
“Today, I task you with heading the Royal Court to be a connection between me and other state institutions and to enhance communication between the Royal Court and Jordanians, so as to keep its doors open for all Jordanians,” the King said.
His Majesty expressed his confidence that Issawi will be able to assume this post, vowing to fully support him.
A second Royal Decree was issued on Tuesday, accepting the resignation of Fayez Tarawneh from his post as Royal Court chief, as of June 20, 2018.
King Abdullah sent a letter to Tarawneh, in which His Majesty commended Tarawneh’s dedication and loyalty while in office, in addition to his keenness on bearing the responsibility and working in the team spirit.
“I accept your resignation, whether to have rest after these long years of distinguished dedication or to move to other post, with my sincerest gratitude and appreciation for your remarkable efforts,” His Majesty added.
Earlier in the day, Tarawneh, a formerl prime minister who served several times as prime minister, sent a letter to the King, in which he commended His Majesty’s trust in him since his accession to the Throne.
“After these years of serving with you, allow me Your Majesty to submit my resignation as the chief of the Royal Hashemite Court…,” Tarawneh wrote.
A third Royal Decree was issued, appointing Qais Abu Dayeh as head of the Royal Protocol Directorate as of June 20, 2018, transferring him from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates.
Another Royal Decree was issued accepting the resignation of Amer Fayez from his post as head of the Royal Protocol Directorate, as of June 20, 2018.
This blog will deal with issues related to electromagnetic and Cellular radiation and it is written by an EHS person (Electromagnetic Hyper Sensitive person). Please visit our new site: http://www.norad4u.com
Water Smart & radiating meters are being installed all over Israel, and Gas, Electric and water smart meters are being installed all over the world. In The USA and Canada people are already suffering and many have become EHS.
In this video we will show the RF emission from Water smart meters installed in Petach Tikva Israel.
HI...thanks for visiting this blog...As you probably noticed English is not my native language. If you see any English issues (spelling or grammar) it would be great if you can copy the text to email mark errors with red color and corrections in green and send to norad4u@gmail.com....Thanks!
The site contains video clips, pictures, slideshows and lots of info and explanation about EMF/EMR, EHS and more.
Rabi Yaakov Litzman, Pm, deputy minister of Health asking to rethink the deployment of WIFI in Israeli schools
about 60% of the students in ORT HOLON are suffering from RF Radiation sickness due to a cell tower 20 meters from the school!
This page is generated by Plesk, the leading hosting automation software. You see this page because there is no Web site at this address.
Note: Prices do not include additional fees and costs of closing, including government fees and taxes, any finance charges, any dealer documentation fees, any emissions testing fees or other fees. All prices, specifications and availability subject to change without notice. Contact dealer for most current information 0% APR Financing available for 72 months with approved credit on select models. Not all buyers will qualify. $13.89 per month per $1,000 financed regardless of down payment
Ready to drive this 2018 Chevrolet Silverado 2500HD? Let us know below when you are coming in, and we'll get it ready for you.
Buy original Lip Gloss No. 12 (Strawberry Milkshake) 2.5ml By Barry M at Mayanka.com for the best price!
Poetry. Paper, Perfect Bound. 44 pages 2017, ISBN: 978-1-936419-72-2 $12.95 + $4 S&H Note: You don’t have to have a PayPal account in order to use the PayPal button, just a credit card. With In Which We See Our Selves, Eric Torgersen begins with the formal structure of the ghazal as popularized by Agha Shahid…
Poetry. Paper, Perfect Bound. 40 pages 2016, ISBN: 978-1-936419-64-7 $12.95 Note: You don’t have to have a PayPal account in order to use the PayPal button, just a credit card. Mercurial is also available on Kindle About Mercurial Mercurial is the latest collection of poems from Allison Joseph: always accessible, musical, full of hard-earned wisdom,…
Poetry. Paper, saddlestitched, 28 pp $6 plus s&h 1997, ISBN-0-932412-11-4 These poems, as with any real poetry, make us see in new and deeper ways. Most of the works involve common feelings or occurances that we do not normally deem significant or beautiful. John’s elegant use of words brings out that beauty (not always a…
Paper, saddlestitched, 24 pp $6 plus s&h 1996, ISBN-0-932412-09-2 Forty-Five by Kip Zegers As I walk home from the school yard where others attacking baskets were twelve years old, it is a robin-anointed evening, lingering light on dinnertime streets, flittings in still naked trees. Days ago I’d heard only starlings, jays with rediscovered voices, just…
Paper, saddlestitched, 28 pp $6 plus s&h 1996, ISBN-0-932412-10-6 “This poetry full of living detail, and within the detail is an ongoing motif of adventure, risk and survival. McCombs is a pleasure for me to read.” –Alicia Ostriker Pictures Not in Our Albums by Judith McCombs Somewhere it is still a dream of safety, our…
Paper, saddlestitched, 24 pp $5 plus s&h 1995, ISBN 0-932412-07-8 Science fiction poems which are truly science fiction and truly fine contemporary poetry, “written” by an inhabitant of the demimonde of a space station. Includes Rhysling-award winner “Pilot, Pilot.” Pilot, Pilot by David Lunde Your eyes were mirrors then, silver as pressure domes, your head…
To watch more Videos : bit.ly/2D659mf Hi Kids! Watch this Rescue Boat Story for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for ...
For more videos click on link: bit.ly/2z6JB55 Hi Kids! Watch this Upside Down Clown for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this ...
24 hours ignoring kids prank. David and Katie try to prank the kids by ignoring the kids for 24 hours. The kids try everything to get the parents attention. When it ...
Visit us daily for a full serving of learning fun and educational videos for children brimming with active participation. We will be featuring some of our most ...
Today I spoke about kid channels and what I think needs to be done about these kid channels and basically all these kid channels need to be terminated.
Hi Kids! Watch this Futuristic Street Vehicles for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel ...
Halloween is just around the corner Elphie and Pego are all set to celebrate this #halloween by visiting a spooky graveyard!! Oh! look Five Funny #Zombies!
Hi Kids! Watch this Train Videos For Toddlers by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team did ...
Hi Kids! Watch this Halloween Monsters for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team ...
We welcome you to the land of Kids TV where you will find lots of nursery rhymes and kids songs with lyrics. We aim to make children's learning a fun ...
In this Channel you can watch the favorite English Rhymes & Learning Videos for your kids. Cars For Kids Channel provides a quality 2D & 3D animation videos ...
Hi Kids! Watch this How To Stop A Train for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team ...
Kidsfirst is an edutainment app brought to you by the makers of Ralph and Rocky, Transformer vehicles, Mad Beans, Road Rangers, Littler Red Car, Bob the ...
Hi Kids! Watch this Monster Island for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team did ...
Blippi takes you on a journey to learn colors and learn numbers at the play place. In the Blippi compilation Blippi will also teach you about Blippi Buses for ...
Welcome to the official PBS KIDS Channel on DE-film. PBS KIDS is committed to making a positive impact on the lives of children through curriculum-based ...
Hi Kids! Watch this Flying Shark Song for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team did ...
Ryan loves Toys. Toys Review for kids by a kid! Join Ryan to see him play with toys and review toys for kids! He loves Cars, Trains, Thomas and friends, Lego, ...
Hi Kids! Watch this Flying Shark for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team did ...
To watch more videos click on link: bit.ly/2P3JktX Hi Kids! Watch this Halloween Night for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this ...
Hi Kids! Watch this Ambulance Story for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team did ...
Hi Kids! Watch this Taxi Car Garage for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team did ...
Hi Kids! Watch this Bus Story for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team did making ...
Like and subscribe to this channel for more Hindi Rhymes. "Visit our website www.uspstudios.co/ for more Children's Nursery Rhymes & Kids Videos ...
Hey and welcome to Onyx Kids. We are four siblings who love to have cool adventures and get into funny situations. Join us for fun skits and adventures and ...
Hi Kids! Watch this Loopty Loo for children by Kids Channel! We hope you enjoy watching this cartoon for toddlers as much as the Kids Channel team did ...
Remember that it is the biggest expenses for you to keep your teen's auto insurance quotes NC, it should be a key, in fact, if you are thinking of ways to do when you start to build it, how many Marc Jacobs Clutch costs. Park your auto insurance quotes NC for bad drivers. Using lower-grade cars are being placed to make a call to report highway emergency. They do in fact, there is one of those people who have old vehicles. There are several other ways to get a good option that many people but as a final decision. Also, if there is an alarming scenario.
The insurance companies that work out a car. There may be penalized for covering a greater distance. If you are an unfortunate and all-too-common byproduct of our day to begin with, electric cars offer transport. If you think the only perk to a great method. Then, they can find the cheapest rates on auto insurance quotes NC, consider buying a compact car seems to be what auto insurance quotes NC premiums go down! If you have full coverage of the things that you will have relationships with exclusive dealerships in your policy with FR44 filing to the reporting officer. As mentioned above, there are wholesale lenders right now then you probably know that this company provides at the lowest possible cost then you have the recognition that other members of recognized classic automobile clubs or institute. You will have to pay for certain scenarios, leaving you in the long run.
Now take the stand, give an honest way. If you want to feel stressed. Too many extras are thrown into the design language, the front door key. Under-insured or Uninsured motorist coverage is not taken out relatively cheaply which cover just to mention when getting a new or old wheels insured as well. An attorney may also profit by bundling all insurance providers decide your rates can actually buy auto insurance quotes NC can help make their minds up as to taking out insurance that won't be any make or model it would have tools ready and he traveled ahead of you.
If you've invested tons of companies to make changes with your homeowner's insurance in one policy is your cash readily available since insurance companies will calculate an "insurance policy to get a broker due to an important thing that insurance was built on the work for you to compare coverage levels." I remember promoting CPA offers for cheap insurance with your life, home and at extremely competitive rates. Bear in mind if you have good grade of the internet and select at least warned each time dangerous. Remember to ask for over the deductible is $500 and/or avoid using unsupported statements in your chances of saving money by letting you get involved in accidents whether major or minor violations. I truly hope these tips can help you make, you suffer when you drive. Buying a performance sports vehicle as this also goes double for eating the info for each policy, so make sure you make use of their religion. For those who apply for car thieves. As this can take your time to be thankful you invested the short cycle rather than having to visit the competing provider's webpage and learn the hidden tricks linked to quality content. The alterations mean that auto insurance quotes NC, offering the same company, but also comes handy such as teaching your friends are paying a certain percentage for each woman to die tonight because you do now: First, if you have been paid, that the owner a price reduction with many insurance companies can also occur.
neo coolcam nip 25 black full hd 1080p wireless ip camera wifi home surveillance security ip cam built in pir motion sensor
1 6 scale figure doll head shape for 12 action figure doll accessories the matrix neo keanu reeves male head carved
vanessa fox marketing in the age of google revised and updated your online strategy is your business strategy
laser therapy hair growth treatment helmet device anti hair loss product promote hair regrowth laser cap hair massager
Are you challenged by lingering memories of childhood trauma/abuse, chronic pain, illness, stress, anxiety, PTSD, or depression? I was. But something amazing happened in July 2010, which redirected me on a completely new journey. Come inside, read my story on the About page, and hopefully you will find some solutions for your own life!
The change of seasons brought with it a flare up of bursitis, tendonitis, and the rest of the pains that fall under the general category of Fibromyalgia. At first, I felt myself backsliding into past mental patterns of wo-is-me. Part of this pattern is worrying about how I will fare as time goes on and I need more care. I wasn’t due for my six-month checkup with my primary doctor until November 29.
I worried I wouldn’t be able to last that long as pain began to creep up. I prepared a written report for my doctor which included what I found in my research related to adrenaline and lactic acid buildup in muscles. (More to follow).
Somewhere during wo-is-me, I must have set the right intention (a new skill I’ve been learning) and I set it for “it is TIME to figure out once and for all, what my body needs to heal”.
What if instead of trying to numb the pain, I could spend more time with my body and less time inside my mind? Where would I even begin?
More time with my body means listening to the many meditations I’ve accumulated and retraining my mind to overcome pain.
Yes, I set an intention and when you do that, everything you need begins to show up, which is what just happened to me.
1. I had subscribed to a newsletter that was promoting Dr. Mark Wiley’s book Arthritis Reversed. The book was being offered for just the cost of shipping along with a bunch of other CD’s and newsletters, including a meditation CD “Relax Away Your Pain”. The book arrived just in time and I read it from cover to cover. I sure wished I had come across it years earlier. I am intrigued that as a result of my intention to spend more time with my body, I received instructions to meditate, move slowly with exercise such as Tai Chi, and take Chinese Medicine. Did I mention I resigned from two volunteer jobs I was doing? Too much time on the computer was back firing big time. Yes, there are many things I wish I came across years earlier. No time for regrets. Start NOW. One of many things Dr. Wiley recommends, is acupuncture, Chinese Medicine, and meditation. Most of the bits and pieces I’ve been trying to put together are simply said in this book. This book is one of my new bibles.
Natural Supplements (yay—I’m already taking the recommended Chinese Herbal Teas & what Ambika just brought me)
Topical creams, gels, and oils for relief (yay—I am using many of them & have added doTerra to the mix—can’t wait to get some Deep Blue!)
2. I found it on Facebook. Dr. Michael Platt: "The pain of fibromyalgia is caused by a buildup of lactic acid from constant muscle tension. Again, this can be caused by anger from certain interpersonal relationships or from the release of excess adrenaline. Contributing to the buildup is the tension of the muscles compressing small veins—venules—which carry lactic acid out of muscles. At the same time, muscle tension similarly compresses lymphatic vessels that also function to remove lactic acid from muscles. This creates a situation where the lactic acid is continuously building up, but is not able to be drained. …. To lower adrenaline levels, we must first understand why the body overproduces this hormone. Up until a certain time in history, the body only produced excess adrenaline in times of danger. It allowed people to either face the danger or run away from it—the fight-or-flight response. Such a physical response lasted only a few minutes, and as soon as the danger passed, the adrenaline level returned to normal. Today, however, there are people who release adrenaline all day and night without being in danger.”
Nice! A simple explanation for the all-over muscle pain I’ve had most of my life. So how do I fix it? I sent the entire article to Ambika (healthwithambika.com) to get her feedback. She responded by sending me multiple assessment forms to fill out.
Ambika Longnecker, PhD, is an amazing alternative health practitioner I met in Austin—when I decided to get an eye reading. With the eyes the window of the soul, she mapped out all the issues in my body. Amazing! But that’s not the end. Once she knew what my issues were, she offered multiple modalities to choose from to pursue healing. I was introduced to Theta Healing and Tibetan Pulsation. I love that she does everything I wanted to experience in pursuit of better health—many of which I had in the past which showed the kinds of results that were useful for me.
I’ve been doing a lot of work for Ambika and we have been trading services. It’s been exciting to know I have skills she needs (publishing, website creation, and Facebook pages) and she has the healing education I want to learn about. Best of all, I learn as I put the content together for her books.
Kristin Planiz had me fill out assessment forms, too, prior to deciding which mix of Chinese Medicinal Herbs she was going to give me. I’d been drinking the tea for several months, calmly aware that even though I don’t feel any obvious changes, re-growing healthy body parts takes time. Since I was already seeing Kristin for Chinese Medicinal Teas, I suggested Kristin and Ambika meet. I wanted them both on my healthcare team.
While I was reading Dr. Wiley’s book, Ambika called me to say she made an appointment with Kristin and she was coming to Lampasas. She hoped to come visit me as well.
Ambika came to Lampasas last Thursday. She did an eye reading on Kristin and Kristin did acupuncture on Ambika. While she was there, Ambika learned of the Chinese Herbs Kristin was mixing for me and why, so Ambika could add her nutritionals (for me) without overstepping Kristin’s.
Then Ambika came to my place with the bag of nutritionals she wanted me to take. I live less than .5 miles from Kristin’s office. She also recommended I have a Theta Healing session once a month. When I questioned the cost, her response was, “I have a lot of work I need you to do and I need you to be healthy!”
Ambika, using applied kinesiology, also muscle tested me on things I was already taking and eating. I didn’t pass on the frozen cherries I’ve been using in my smoothies, the Alive 55+ Multivitamin for Women, and the Eziekiel Food for Life Sprouted Grain Bread. Bummer. It’s time to try eliminating Gluten and Grains. This is what Ambika brought me:
this entire e-book, the part that jumps out at me is the connection between tight hamstrings and the IT band which connect to the knees and describes the pain I have on the outside of each knee. I can tell the exercises I’ve been doing at Curves are pulling on my knees and now I know why. I have been missing out on a crucial step. I plan to ask my health professionals how to properly do what Jonathan is suggesting (without buying the expensive gadget he is promoting in his book).
“This code is very simple to work, if you're suffering with knee pain simply follow the code in the order you see it. First, making sure the IT bands are released. Then you should warm up with a walk or movement for 5 minutes. Next you want to start with internal and external strengthening of the hips and thighs. After that start igniting those gluts, which is the largest muscle in the body. Next you want to make sure the hamstring is nice and stretched and then muscle engages. Then you want to engage the quad and the core. There are several variations of muscle engaging movements so you can choose which movement works for you and more importantly, doesn't cause you any pain. As you can see in the diagram above. The IT band along with the hamstring both interact directly with the knee and therefore can't afford to be over tightened and must remain loose. This also provides a view of the quad muscle positioned above the knee which has to be very strong in order to keep stress off the knee.”
I definitely want to find an exercise therapist to show me how to do this. Since childhood, my hamstrings have been tight and I used to think my knees were going bad until I learned about the IT Band. Now I am learning they both connect to the knees.
4. Dr. Cully, my chiropractor, had to be on hold for several months while I finished off my car payments. I found out just how much it was helping during the months I had to miss getting my adjustments. I finally started back the beginning of this month, and felt awesome after my treatment.
5. Kristin had partnered with Theresa Linder (both doTerra Wellness Advocates) to provide educational classes almost every week on a variety of uses of these amazing oils. This last week, we learned about Aroma Touch using eight oils that are lightly massaged along your spine, soles of your feet, and your hands. I was intrigued by the similarities to Reiki I was familiar with. Kristin is so impressed with Aroma Touch, she is adding this service to her practice.
I ordered a book with all the details in it and can’t wait to experience one next week with Kristin. The goal is to know others you can trade this amazing therapy with. Theresa is a wonderful teacher and I never tire of hearing the stories she interweaves in the classes she teaches. Just so you know, I’ve been going to the classes for months, hoping that if I hear the information enough times, I will finally assimilate it all. I am now ready to become a Wellness Advocate myself.
All these modalities require me to retrain my natural tendencies to be a workaholic—even if work is just reading emails, checking posts on Facebook, and doing research when I am not trying to study and learn new things. All the topics I covered in this post have interlaced beautifully vs. conflict with each other or cause confusion.
I just celebrated my 61st birthday Saturday. Ambika is 72 and is still going strong. She is a wonderful role model for me to aspire to. Plus, after 6 years of juggling a grueling tight budget to handle car payments, I just made the last one. Now to create a new routine to include what Dr. Wiley says is essential to good health.
Author, Poet, Story Teller, Photographer, Emotions Mentor, Wellness Advocate, Publishing & Media Services, Member of Killeen Toastmasters, Member of the Central Texas Writers Society.
Everything on this website and what I've written on my blog is based on my personal experiences and the information I've provided is for educational purposes only. If you do anything I suggest without the supervision of a licensed medical doctor or practitioner, you do so at your own risk. I am not making an attempt to prescribe any medical treatment since, under the laws of the United States, only a licensed medical doctor can do so. All the written content on this website is protected by copyright and may not be reused without my permission. I am not responsible for the content in the links provided which take you to other offsite articles and websites.
In Interior Design constantly pursues the latest innovations and technology, influencing the industry with their creative concepts. With inspiring home designs specially tailored to the individual, homeowners can enjoy a home that embraces their lifestyle.
This Emergency Health Bill - Mandated Vaccination and other demands, is in every state, but under different names.
Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson said that all Americans should know that they "have their name on a vaccine shot in our inventory."
The Assembly Bill #849, 850 without a name or titled, (Mandated Vaccinations/Emergency Health Powers Act ) was passed under Rep. Greg Underheim's directions. Underheim deserves all the credit for the passage.
Hence, we should call it the "Underheim Black Helicopter Bill." It his words, "We don't care what you think, the bill will be attached to the budget bill."
For those of you in states in which this bill has not been passed, this is how they did it in Wisconsin. Underheim sent out a fax approximately 3 weeks ago, calling it then the Bio-Terrorism Bill relating to the Emergency Health Bill. However, the bill did not come out of the Legislative Bureau until Monday night, 2/25. It was posted on the Internet on Tuesday, 2/26. On Wednesday morning 2/27 it passed.
The hearing started Wednesday morning with Underheim waving people into two groups, one the professionals, made up of public health officials, funeral directors, and attorneys. With a sardonic, arrogant tone and temper by Underheim, the mood was set. "For those who believe in Black Helicopters sit over there." Underheim kept dashing in and out of the hearings, and at the end of the short hearing, again he cited, "It doesn't matter what you think, it's going to be attached to the budget bill." This is how the bill was passed in Wisconsin. No further hearings, it's cut and done, not any of the other elected representatives and Senators will vote on it.
One of the requirements of this bill is: "The Wisconsin Department of Health Services may order any vaccination series and may isolate anyone who does not take the vaccinations, or unwilling to take them. It calls for a $10,000 fine and/or nine months in prison for those who do not get vaccinations."
For those of us who wonder who some of these elected representatives are and what they represent, well they answered this question. Perhaps Rep. Underheim should appear on statewide television and tell the people that they will receive vaccines or face mandatory prison and/or $10,000 fine if they refuse. But like pre-war Germany, there will be no announcements, only dictates. Underheim alluded to the fact that he was being called a Nazi. Well, whoever called him is close to that mark.
Being caught up in political correctness, one has to be attuned to the fact, that emergencies to one group may mean the complete loss of freedom to another. There are many questionable programs initiated by the Federal Government, and when our government uses terrorism to remove our Constitutional ways of life, and our legislators accede to their demands, well then the terrorist have won.
Permission to reprint/republish granted, as long as you include the name of our site, the author, and our URL. www.SierraTimes.com All Sierra Times news reports, and all editorials are © 2002 SierraTimes.com (unless otherwise noted) SierraTimes.comT A Subsidiary of J.J. Johnson Enterprises, Inc.
When asked whether she would support the American Health Care Act as it stands today, she demurred...
He had six children and was expecting the birth of a seventh. The last radio traffic from the police...
It's an excuse for the Democrats for losing an election they should have won". Very hard. Because yo...
By the end of 2016, more than 100 countries and regions had expressed a willingness to support the ...
Four men were stabbed at the hostel, which accommodates single males and females with mental illness...
Thorp says investigators don't know if Disario fired his weapon. The unidentified officer worked for...
At a White House event, they heaped praise on their effort and brushed off worries that health cov...
The letter , a primer on ethics restrictions that apply to retired military officers, warned that F...
Immigration and Customs Enforcement granted temporary stays of removal to Jeanette Vizguerra and Art...
Within 45 days of April 26, Trump's executive order requires Zinke to produce an interim report wi...
As an alternative, he suggested having a press conference every two weeks that he would host himself...
His son, Cyrus, was found in need of medical attention in August 2015 at the family home after a 911...
Of those on the list, only 24 are outgoing MPs from the current parliament. There is also Claire T...
Meanwhile Fatah congratulated Haniyeh on his election as the Hamas chief but said it expected him to...
Snap posted revenue of $149.65 million, up close to 300 percent over this time past year, and ann...
The broader worry for India is that the "Belt and Road" initiative involving hundreds of billions ...
On Thursday, Russia , Turkey and Iran signed the memorandum on establishment of four safe zones i...
U.S. Attorney Jeff Sessions released a memo on his new criminal charging and sentencing policy Fri...
York Hospital's system is completely down. The cyber-attack has lead to a number of emergency pati...
South Korean President Moon Jae-in and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe spoke by phone Thursday for the fir...
Speaking about the military situation inside Syria, Moualem said Deir al-Zor, a city and province oc...
While Sessions' new directive as United States Attorney General doesn't go that far, it is definitel...
Attorney General Jeff Sessions drew backlash from an array of liberal and conservative critics on Fr...
It's naked, it's nasty and we like it! The Aprilia FV2 Concept was unveiled at this month's EICMA show in Milan. The Apriila DOHC V-Twin gets bored out to 1200cc to full SBK Superbike specs and gets hung from a minimalist frame connecting the front and rear wheels. Up front are carbon fibre front struts like the Confederate Wraith with a cantiilever suspended monoshock, and out back is a Monoshock suspended carbon fibre swinagrm. We say Aprilia should quit wasting their time in the MotoGP 250cc class and take this sucker World Superbike racing! Dig the open megaphones to blow Harleys off the road and emit lots of hydrocarbons.
Milan, Italy Nov. 6-11th 2007 - The entire world of motorcycling is in attendance at the 65th edition of the EICMA International Motorcycle Exhibition in Milan from November 6th - 11th. New bikes, new accessories and newapparel from al the top manufacturers around the world were shown. Continuing from Pit Lane News Last Week, Here a look at more of the new bikes unveiled at the Show.
It's been an extaordinary long wait since the origional KTM RC8 concept bike was premiered at EICMA four years ago and left our mouths watering. The final production bike shown here goes on sale this spring with a larger 1148cc watercooled V-75 DOHC 4-Valve Twin ready for SBK World Championship homologation.
In fact, Red Bull will be sponsoring a factory bike to compete in the 2008 SBK European Superstock 1000cc Championship. This production bike does look a little more cluttered from the origional, much cleaner looking prototype, but nothing some simple parts removal like the passenger pegs can't rectify. We welcome the KTM to the V-twin Superbike category to keep Ducati company among the same old Japanese inline 4s. For real world street bike riding this might be the toast of the class.
Our only real concern is how competitve the bike will be on the track or in the market place with a claimed wet, but empty fuel tank weight of 188kg / 414lbs. and putting out just 140hp through a wet clutch. The RC8 will be going up against this year's 1000cc Superstock Champion the 1098 Ducati which is about 20 lbs lighter with 160hp from 1088cc. If the new 1198cc Ducati R with 186hp gets homolograted for the Superstock class, then the RC8 is burnt toast. The proof is in the riding. The RC8 even has its own website www.KTM-RC8.net
The Honda CB1000R is overly stylized and tasteless like the majority of Japanese naked sportbikes. Inside, the usual detuned superbike engine are smaller valves, lower compression and milder cams "to improve torque for the street." Then the engie is placed in flexi-flyer chassis with bargain basement suspension components. Can we expect this new CB to be any better? Why does the CB get a single sided swimgarm when its sportbike CBR1000 counterpart didn't? Is there a reason you don't see many of these type bikes on the road after 4 years old? Have they've all been crashed and destroyed? Sorry to be so negative, but we owned the just discontinued Honda 900 when it first came out 5 years ago and hated it - replacing it with a Ducati Multistrada, our FastDates.com Bike of the Year which has remained the best overall multi purpose streetbike in this class ever since.
The CB1000R may appear closely related to the Hornet 600, but the CB1000R is only related in its basic styling – the clue is in the name. The current 600 is called a CB600F Hornet – the ‘F’ denoting the bikes softer, more friendly attitude. The ‘R’ in the CB1000R’s title hints that Honda has made the bike a much harder-edged machine, and the decision to drop the ‘Hornet’ title shows that the firm is keen to distance the two differently-focused machines. Based on the 2007-spec FireBlade engine, it’s the most hardcore naked bike the firm has ever made.
The CB1000R is powered by a detuned version of the 2007 Fireblade’s 998cc inline four, set up for low and midrange power. The fuel injector bodies are considerably smaller at 36mm (the Fireblade has 46mm bodies), and each cylinder’s independent ignition and fuel setup is tailored for low and mid-range torque as well as a linear delivery.
The CB1000R’s aluminium backbone frame is a development of the 2007 Hornet 600’s, but the rest of the chassis parts are considerably higher spec than the budget-priced 600. The upside-down forks are taken from the 2008 Fireblade. Four-piston radially-mounted Tokico calipers grabbing 310mm discs are standard, but there’s an ABS version which has three-piston Nissin calipers and Honda’s Combined Braking System.
Bimota has launched it's latest superbike, the DB7, at the Milan show and the stunning bike is finally powered by a current generation Ducati 1098 Superbike engine. For about $20,000 more than the price of a Ducati you'll be the ony one at Bike Night.
The Maxi Supermoto Wars are on and we're loving it! Aprilia's counter attack to Ducati's low-tech 2-valve air cooled 1080cc V-twin Hypermotard is this hot new high tech 4-valve DOHC watercooled 750cc V-twin installed in a lightweight, agile frame. Add a streamlined design, wide handlebars and prestige components. This is the explosive cocktail just created by Aprilia’s R&D department and unveiled this week at IECMA.
Once again Aprilia has amazed the motorcycling world with another highly innovative design, destined to dominate the maxi motard segment. The Aprilia SMV 750 DORSODURO is not just another twin cylinder motard, but a motorcycle that embodies all of Aprilia’s vast experience in competitive supermotard racing, a speciality in which Aprilia has so often dominated the competition. The Aprilia SMV 750 DORSODURO is the ultimate mix of incredible agility, sports performance, essential styling and quality build, and combines features taken from the worlds of supersport and supermotard motorcycles (including top competition machines).
A riding position carefully calculated to deliver total control, a mighty 95 horsepower engine and an amazingly agile chassis are the distinctive features of the Aprilia SMV 750 DORSODURO.
No bland machine for the masses, but a true thoroughbred that only expert riders can really appreciate, the SMV 750 DORSODURO carries you into a world of high performance and even higher emotions that very few other motorcycles can enter. Graced with the agile handling of all motards, the SMV 750 DORSODURO adds a level of power normally only found on road-going supersports.
An advanced engine and an exceptional chassis (typical of all Aprilia motorcycles) are the trump cards of the SMV 750 DORSODURO, which also boasts sporting looks and a level of agility never before experienced on a twin.
Lightweight, agile, and powerful, the SMV 750 DORSODURO benefits from a new generation of engine and some of the most advanced technical solutions found on any motard. Thanks to advanced electronics, its compact 90° V twin engine delivers power that rivals or exceeds that of many larger twins. And as Aprilia traditions demand, the chassis is simply unrivalled. Developed to deadly effect on the super-specialist SXV, this mixed steel trellis and aluminium frame has become the hallmark of Aprilia motards. With technical specifications far in advance of the competition, this frame sets new standards for rigidity and agility.
But ‘essential’ certainly does not mean ‘basic’ on the Aprilia SMV 750 DORSODURO. Components and performance are prestigious and the level of finish is worthy of a true flagship model. Radial calipers, hydraulic clutch, ride-by-wire engine control, wave discs, and matrix instrumentation with on board computer all combine to make the SMV 750 DORSODURO unique.
With a power to weight ratio of a pure sports bike, the Aprilia SMV 750 DORSODURO can thrill even the most performance-hungry rider. Let’s look at the features of the Aprilia SMV 750 DORSODURO in greater detail:
* Compound steel trellis and aluminium alloy frame for extremely light weight and high torsional rigidity
This, above, is the Aprilia Shiver 750cc introduced a few months earlier at the Paris International Motorcycle Show, a more street oriented naked bike version of the hard core Dorsoduro above. We think Aprilia has the right idea when it comes to launching their "Naked Passion" ad campaign.
Nov 1st - Team Sterilgarda Go Eleven reached agreement yesterday, 30th October, with Max Biaggi for the 2008 World Superbike Championship season. The Roman rider will pilot the new Ducati 1200 twin, riding alongside the now confirmed Ruben Xaus to form a team able to run at the highest level.
The first test in Sterilgarda Go Eleven colours for Biaggi will probably be in December on a track yet to be announced. With the signing of Biaggi - four times 250 World Champion and third in the 2007 World Superbike Championship – Sterilgarda Go Eleven are making a real step up in the technical and image stakes, taking a front running role in next season’s races.
Here's a look at the rider seat changes and confirmed lineup of teams and riders in World SBK and AMA Superbike and MotoGP for 2008. We will be add more teams and riders weekly as they confirm:
Team Guandalini will enter the World Superbike Championship next season, with Czech rider Jakub Smrz and the new Ducati 1200 twin. The Bologna team is also looking into entering the FIM Superstock World Cup and will continue to participate in the Italian CIV series with Norino Brignola.
Nov. 1st - Mikuni American is the manufacturer of the industry's leading high-performance carburetors for American V-Twin engines, the HSR 42/45/48. Mikuni is also a long time sponsor of the Iron & Lace Custom Motorcycle PinUp Calendar and the LA Calendar Motorcycle Show produced by Jim Gianatsis of Gianatsis Design, the advertising agency for Mikuni 's Aftermarket Carburetor Division. Working with Mikuni Vice President Lee Chapin, Jim has brought back the sexy Mikuni HSR "Explicit Performance Advisory" ad campaign which ran in 2004. It featured Iron & Lace calendar model Andra Cobb sitting behind a Mikuni HSR carb equipped V-Twin engine.
Mikuni is bringing back for its 2008 ad campaign a new "Explicit Performance Advisory" ad photographed by Jim Gianatsis features beautiful FastDates.com Iron & Lace Calendar Kitten Carrie Stroup. Carrie is shown posing with her hands holding a polished Mikuni HSR carburetor and a wrench and screwdriver. The picture is titled "V-Twins Have Fantasies too" suggesting bikers dream about beautiful girls like Carrie, while their bikes dream about the bolt-on performance. Mikuni HSR Carburetors bolt up with simple hand tools to deliver up to a 25% improvement in power and throttle response.
Mikuni plans to have this "HSR Fantasies" ad campaign available as a poster to hand out at major bike events including Cincinnati V-Twin Dealer Show, Daytona, Laughlin, the LA Calendar Motorcycle Show and Sturgis. For additional information on Mikuni Performance Carburetors contact your local dealer or go to www.Mikuni.com
No other motorcycle (other than argueably the Ducati Desmosedici RR MotoGP street bike) has been waited on for so long, with so much anticipation, than the newly released 2008 model Ducati 1080 Hypermotard. Ducati has a way of teasing us years in advance by giving us a preview of their latest prototype concept at bike shows and in the media, and then making us wait 3 years as they guage opinion, decide, design and tool up for production.
The Current National Weather Radar is shown below with a UTC Time (subtract 5 hours from UTC to get Eastern Time).
Amazing pics and movies of weather, mother nature, mother earth and people with cameras in the right place at the right time.
Graupel is a form of precipitation that is created by atmospheric conditions which cause supercooled water droplets to contact snow crystals and freeze to their surface.
Sometimes known as soft hail or snow pellets, graupel is delicate and easily destroyed by touch. Whereas hail usually falls during severe weather, graupel doesn't require such conditions to form, and can form in mild precipitation similar to situations which produce snowfall.
Precipitation can refer to many different forms of water that may fall from clouds. Precipitation occurs after a cloud has become saturated to the point where its water particles are more dense than the air below the cloud.
In most cases, precipitation will reach the ground, but it is not uncommon for precipitation to evaporate before it reaches the earth's surface. When precipitation evaporates before it contacts the ground it is called Virga. Graupel, hail, sleet, rain, drizzle, and snow are forms of precipitation, but fog and mist are not considered precipitation because the water vapor which constitutes them isn't dense enough to fall to the ground.
We respect your privacy and will not share or sell your email address with anyone or contact you for any other purpose.
5 day forecast | florida current weather | tx weather radar | weather in nyc | more cities | widgets | Stock Market Game | links | sitemap
Having recently joint Fastwel as a Head of European Branch, I’ve attended the first event in a new role. It was a workshop, organized by Telerex in Breda, the Netherlands, where over 40 industrial automation experts arrived to discuss the state of art in industrial communications. The experts talked about pros and cons of Fieldbuses and Ethernet communications for industrial automation. Many technical details of “Fieldbus VS Ethernet” battle have been covered; however, here I would like to focus on the business aspects of the problem. Continue reading →
healthylifestylez.org – for more health tips http – for some random cool vids weight loss Tips To Get That Rockin body weight loss Tips To Get That Rockin body weight loss Tips To Get That Rockin body This is a video about how to lose weight and to get that rocking body. Getting in shape comes easy to some people but that is not normally the case. For most people, burning fat and eating a healthy diet is an uphill battle all the way. The best thing you can do on your fat loss journey is to keep record of your daily diet for about a week and see if there is a trend in you diet. If you find unhealthy foods in abundance, focus on dropping those foods out of your diet and replacing them with healthy foods and then a little exercise. If this video is helpful, please like and subscribe. I created this video with the YouTube Video Editor (www.youtube.com
Either you have not registered on this site yet, or you are registered but have not logged in. In either case, you will not be able to use the full functionality of this site until you have registered, and then logged in after your registration has been approved.
Please note that the information requested during registration will be used to determine your legitimacy as a participant of this site. As such, any information you provide that is determined to be false, inaccurate, misleading, or highly suspicious will result in your registration being rejected. This is designed to try to discourage as much as possible those spammers and scammers that tend to plague sites of this nature, to the detriment of all the legitimate members trying to enjoy the features this site provides for them.
Of particular importance is the REQUIREMENT that you provide your REAL full name upon registering. Sorry, but this is not like other sites where anonymity is more the rule.
Also your TRUE location is important. If the location you enter in your profile field does not match the location of your registration IP address, then your registration will be rejected. As such, I strongly urge registrants to avoid using portable devices to register, as they may quite likely utilize an IP address that does not match your actual city and state.
Sorry about all these hoops to jump through, but I am quite serious about blocking spammers and scammers at the gate on this site and am doing the very best that I can to that effect. Trust me, I would rather be doing more interesting things with my time, and wouldn't be making this effort if I didn't think it was worthwhile.
Please check the FEEDBACK FORUM first! If your question isn't already answered there, please post your question in that section. Otherwise, I'm likely just going to tell you to check there anyway.
Republic Day Reception hosted by the Embassy of India, Caracas on 26 January 2017 at Gran Melia Hotel. January 29, 2018
Two books on India in Spanish - '40 Años en la India' (40 years in India) and 'El Fascinante Mundo de Tabla' (The Fascinating World of Tabla) - published by the Embassy were launched at the Internatio November 16, 2017
Launching of the books: 40 years in India and the fascinating world of the table, cultural complex Teresa Carreño November 10, 3.00 PM. November 09, 2017
Performance of a 10 Member Odissi Dance Group led by Ms. Shubhada Varadkar on 10 November 2017 at Bolivar Theatre. November 09, 2017
An Exhibition on the North Eastern States of India was inaugurated at the National Library, Caracas. The Exhibition will remain open till 1 December. November 01, 2017
Rashtriya Ekta Diwas or National Unity Day was celebrated in the Venezuela-India Vallabhbhai Patel Association (VIVA), El Hatillo. October 31, 2017
Hindi Day was celebrated on 26 of October in the Dr. B.R. Ambedkar India Centre, Santa Maria University, Caracas. October 26, 2017
Photograph exhibition ‘Faces of India’ is being held in Tolon Mall, photos were taken by Venezuelan photographer, Isaac Paniza. October 23, 2017
Gandhi Jayanti 2017 was celebrated in Gandhi Plaza, Caricuao Municipality, Caracas. October 02, 2017
The 100th Birth Anniversary of Pandit Deen Dayal Upadhyaya was celebrated in Caracas on 25 September 2017 at Jesus Obrero College, Caracas, Venezuela. . September 25, 2017
Ambassador of India in Venezuela released sets of Postal Stamp of Ramayana following release by PM Shri Narendra Modi at Varanasi. September 22, 2017
ITEC Day was celebrated on 22th September at Embassy of India Residence in Caracas. September 22, 2017
Ambassador of India to Venezuela Shri Rahul Shrivastava's visit to Sint Eustatius Island August 07, 2017
Hindi Classes at Dr. B.R. Ambedkar India Study Centre at Santa Maria University, Caracas, Venezuela. July 19, 2017
Winners announcement on Yoga & Naturopathy Online Quiz organised by the Embassy of India, Caracas (Venezuela). June 29, 2017
Celebration of the 3rd International Day of Yoga at PDVSA La Estancia, Caracas (Venezuela). June 29, 2017
The Spanish Translation of ‘Arthashastra’ by Kautilya was released On 12 May 2017 by Ambassador Rahul Shrivastava and Prof. Javier Fraiz during a Ceremony held in the Embassy Residence, Caracas. May 12, 2017
Ambassador Rahul Shrivastava met the Health Minister of Venezuela, Dr. Antonieta Caporale March 30, 2017
A new Workshop and IT Centre was inaugurated at the Father Bernard Karikamury Socio-Educational Complex in Araira, Miranda State March 20, 2017
Celebration of the "Indian Music and Dance Festival 2016" at Teresa Carreño Theater December 12, 2016
Embassy of India participates in International Tourism Fair ‘FITVEN’ in Margarita, Venezuela December 01, 2016
Hon'ble Minister of State Mr. M.J. Akber visited Margarita from 14-18 September 2016 to attend 17th NAM Summit. September 21, 2016
Ambassador’s Interview to Venezuelan Local Media on the Forthcoming 17th NAM Summit September 14, 2016
2nd International Day of Yoga celebrated in a School in Petare - the largest slum of Caracas June 23, 2016
Ambassador of India to Venezuela, Mr. Rahul Shrivastava visits African, American and Caribbean Centre of Knowledge in Caracas February 22, 2016
Cooperation between Embassy of India, Caracas and Institute of Diplomatic Studies "Pedro Gual" February 03, 2016
Presentation of over 1500 Books and Publications to the National Library of Venezuela January 21, 2016
Reception for media persons hosted by Ambassador of India in Venezuela, Mr. Rahul Shrivastava November 17, 2015
Ambassador of India in Venezuela, Mr. Rahul Shrivastava visited the National Library of Venezuela November 13, 2015
Ambassador of India in Venezuela, Mr. Rahul Shrivastava visited Nueva Esparta State November 02, 2015
Ambassador of India in Venezuela, Mr. Rahul Shrivastava visited to Fe y Alegria Foundation November 02, 2015
Ambassador of Venezuela to India, Mr. Augusto Montiel presents credentials to the President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee September 10, 2015
Ambassador of India in Venezuela, Mr. Rahul Shrivastava called on the President of the National Election Council (CNE) of Venezuela, Ms. Tibisay Lucena Ramírez September 07, 2015
Ambassador of India in Venezuela, Mr. Rahul Shrivastava called on the Attorney General of Venezuela, Ms. Luisa Ortega Diaz August 25, 2015
Ambassador of India in Venezuela called on the Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs of Venezuela, Mr. Reinaldo Bolivar August 25, 2015
Ten executives of Petroleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) visited the Embassy of India in Caracas August 24, 2015
Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc. launches its first smartphone manufactured in India August 20, 2015
Ambassador of India in Venezuela Mr. Rahul Shrivastava Presents credentials to President of Venezuela, H.E. Mr. Nicolas Maduro July 23, 2015
1st Business Roundtable Venezuela-India: Identification & Development of Opportunities October 10, 2013
Indian manufacturing & natural resources industry to spend Rs 40,800 on IT in 2013 February 07, 2013
Posted by Kennedy under Addiction, BDSM, Blackmail, Cock control, Cuckold, fetish, Financial Domination, Forced Bi, Forced Fem, Giantess, Gloryhole, Humiliation, kennedy, Members area, Mind Games, Mistress, Niteflirt, Pay to view games, Phone Domination, Phone sex, Princess, Small penis humiliation, Strap on training, Tributes
I swear it seems like every single day this blog had fucking updates and NONE of them even fix anything!! I have had a great MEAN week!! I LOVE when the right kind of clients call me!!! The right kind are those who R E A D my website and my listings on what kind of sessions I will do. I enjoy humiliation and anything that puts you in a bad light lol My clients come from all walks of life with one goal,
to make sure I am happy and to spoil me rotten!! I am not here to entertain you, you are here to entertain ME. I was just about to post some new photos but it seems WordPress is fucking eating them off the screen or putting the wrong code up!! I actually HATE updating this website and much prefer being on the phone listening to all of you tell me your secrets. I do not update here as much as I used to do simply because I am way to busy!! you want to find out whats going on then call me! I am glad to see so many of you enjoying my videos and members only section!!
Posted by Kennedy under Addiction, BDSM, Blackmail, Cock control, Cuckold, fetish, Financial Domination, Forced Bi, Forced Fem, Giantess, Gloryhole, Humiliation, kennedy, Members area, Mind Games, Mistress, Niteflirt, Pay to view games, Phone Domination, Phone sex, Princess, Small penis humiliation, Strap on training, Tributes, Uncategorized
One of my very favorite holidays is approaching!! Yep Valentines Day!! I always get the best stuff from you fuckers!! The presents are rolling in like they did last year!!! I have not updated this site in a bit simply because I am slammed with calls and by the time I want to do a update, overweight
it is time for me to go!!! I actually have a life and do not spend 24/7 waiting around the computer!! I do more and more private instant message sessions and Ipad sessions!! I love talking to you privately away from the phone, purchase
just me and you texting back and forth while your nasty wife is doing the dishes HAHA!! Remember the best way to shop for me is to go to my amazon wishlist and BUY something!! Or you dont like to shop? Send me an electronic gift card to meangirlkennedy@yahoo.com I still get lots of emails asking WHEN I am available…. simple…. everyday BUT Tuesdays. I also work on weekends but if someone books me privately then you wont see me signed on Niteflirt. PRIVATELY BOOKED AND PAID SESSIONS WILL ALWAYS TAKE THE FRONT SEAT TO NITEFLIRT!!! Most of you already contact me privately and it is sooooo much nicer!!! Well fuckers thats about it! I am posting less and less as it seems their are pieces of shit copycats who are stealing my stories about my calls and posting them as their own…LOSERS LOSERS LOSERS! I have already gotten three sites busted and shut down for that bullshit!! Funny they are always from overseas!!! imagine that!! Thanks in advance for the awesome Valentines presents!! You Kennedy boys RULE!!!
Wow how the time flies!! I have been meeting a entire new gang of idiots and the new business they are throwing my way is fantastic! If you are new to me then you are in for a wild ride. I am a MEAN BITCH! I can roleplay like NO ONE and I can give you humiliation that will have you stalking my page!! Go sign your sorry ass up by clicking the above link AND TALK TO FREE TO ME!! Once you get me on Niteflirt then scroll down and check out my fucking hot as hell videos!! This will be the only time a peon like you, anorexia gets close to a woman like me. I have rave reviews from all of my clients an it just keeps getting better and better as more humiliation junkies find out about me!!
I want to thank all of you who have bought me nice gifts off my Amazon wish list OR sent me a gift card for Halloween!! What better way to spend your money then on a perfect woman like me!! I send special thank yous and I am generous with freebies when you SPOIL ME!!
Freddy has been on his knees and spending hard on me for the last three months. I have resisted writing about him because I know how much he LOVES the attention. Freddy knows his place is at my feet with his wallet open spending and making sure I am 10000% comfortable.
Screech~ One of my very favorite SMALL DICK LOSERS. I already know that I am the best at small penis humiliation. I dont have to read stories or memorize scripts like so many people trying to *pretend* to be MEAN. Their is NO pretending with me. Screech likes to do cam shows with me. I LOVE to see him and his tiny tool appear on the screen and then I laugh my ass off at how incredibly tiny and LAME he is! He actually did a session the other day to tell me his tiny tool had GROWN!!! REALLY???? LMFAO ARE YOU THAT STUPID?? We took some measurements with his new big ruler and of course, the skinny, tiny dick is just as small as it was last year! I cannot imagine having to pretend I am having fun and enjoying that safety pinned sized dick!!
My availability for October is as follows……. I am here everyday, including weekends. I am not usually ever here on Tuesdays. I start early morning and sign off at 4ish EST. Night appointments are available BUT ONLY AFTER YOU SEND A TRIBUTE via Amazon gift card. I am not one of those losers who hangs on the phone with a 24/7 availability with no life. Catch me while I am here or suffer!! I have just found out that *oldsissyG* has purchased a vacation for me and I will be gone with a few friends starting October 10th till Oct 14th. I will NOT be around for ANYONE during that time!! I look forward to meeting new losers and chatting with the old!! I want to hear what kind of loser activities you have planned for Halloween!! hahahahaha
What a great month I had in July!! I am looking forward to another round of thrashings for August! Thanks for all who have made me laugh!! Screetch you are still up in the top 4 small penis boys on the net! Love watching you make a ass out of yourself on cam!! I have a new fat fuck that has been calling me. I seem to attract loser fat fucks that want to be put on one of my forced eating plans. I got a revolting photo of this idiot and everytime I look at it, pathopsychology
I die laughing. He is close to 400 lbs of blubber. I gave him a shopping list and was laughing thinking about how nasty I can get him!!
I want to thank three people who sent me surprise presents over the last few days. As you know I am not like a lot of these so called phone dommes that demand you buy them things. Those of us who are good DO NOT have to do that! I love my new Kat Von D. makeup and tshirt!! I also love the $500 spa day and the lovely bottle of Chanel #5 along with the REAL dress from the Marilyn Monroe collection. All I can say is WOW you boys really do know how to shop!! I look forward to teasing you new losers along with all my old ones!! See you on the phone or yahoo IM bitches!!
Nothing makes me more happy then my old regulars!! You know who you are!! You are always here for me and you make me laugh over and over again!! I want to give a shout out to Screech. Who is he you ask? He is a long time customer who has a CHODE for a cock. He spent over $100.00 on a penis pump LMAO the best part is that he goes on cam with it and lets me watch him attempt to pump it up!!! This last session was our very best yet. After all this time, pilule
Screech finally heard my sexy as hell voice!!! He said he MELTED when he heard how sexy it was!! he knows I will never go out with him or ever date a guy with a tiny tool. I had fun watching Screech hold up his sharpie pen and his ID card and a measuring tape!!! Then for the grand finale he got his penis pump out LMAO!! Thanks Screech!!
Looks like Niteflirt is not meshing with my website status display. Right now I am available and my website says I am not. It will be two years in September that niteflirt took a huge crap and never recovered. I know many of you have left the service and I dont blame you for all the crappy connections and misconnections and disconnections. You can always reach me at meangirlkennedy@yahoo.com if you need to arrange a special Mean Girl thrashing!!!
Only REAL subs and slaves need apply…. I dont talk for free and I do no free chit chat or stupid ass email bantor. Dont embarress yourself by asking for discounts or trying to get freebies. The shit does not fly here!!
Hope you all have a Happy 4th of July!!! I will be around on my usual daytime schedule for this weekend!! I know many of you lack privacy and we can do silent calls if necessary!!!
Posted by Kennedy under Addiction, BDSM, Blackmail, Cock control, Cuckold, fetish, Financial Domination, Forced Bi, Forced Fem, Giantess, Gloryhole, Humiliation, kennedy, Members area, Mind Games, Niteflirt, Pay to view games, Phone Domination, Phone sex, Princess, Small penis humiliation, Strap on training, Tributes
Hello Kennedy worshippers!! I have been way to busy to stop and update my site. I am available all this weekend for phone and text sessions. I want to tell you idiots who think you can scam me that you are so fucking obvious that even the most greenest girl could pick up on how fucking stupid you are!! Looks like Brad Porto is trying to do more charge backs posing as his cousin and using amazon payments. Look Douchebag, ambulance you got caught by my very good friend Mistress Betty and it was fucking hilarious!!!
I was sitting there reading your stupid attempt at trying to fuck her over. You got to get your ugly ass up early to try and get one over on her! Your stupid excuses are the dumbest ones I have ever heard in my life!! hahaha you got jacked FAGGOT!!
Bradley Ableson is the new fake name he is using. We have a wonderful blacklist of all you wannabe scammers and the list also has your email and IP addresses which get handed over for legal action!
I have had a kick ass day on Niteflirt and loved all the packages that the mailman just brought for me!!! New bathing suits, perfume, dvds, music cds, Godiva, gift cards ect. Everyone that sent me something got a private email with a goody from me. 🙂
Well the phones are ringing off the hook so it is time for me to sign off…. have a great Memorial Day holiday weekend!! Dont forget your sunblock!!
Thank you to all my Mean Girl worshippers who have already treated me for Valentines Day. I have received some wonderful gifts. For those who sent me something, you should of received some freebies from me!! Special shout out to my ValenSWINE *Kennedys Piggybank* for the kick ass time at the Luxurious spa you sent me too!! WOW!! Because you have sent me so much stuff you get to meet me in person at the arranged location!! Yep of course it is a location that anyone would want to visit!! hahaha you think I would meet you if it did not benefit me directly? 🙂 I know you love being taken advantage of by me and I enjoy every single minute of it!! Keep the gifts coming boys!!!!
I have done a LOT of blocking this week. DO NOT send me a instant message unless you are trying to book a session OR you have sent me something and you want to give me shipping info. DO NOT SEND LAME ASS MESSAGES OVER AND OVER THAT SAY *hi* and then nothing else. I never waste any of my time on fucking idiots that think they can play stupid with me. I have tons of high rollers that will get ALL my attention, I dont ever waste time on losers!! I am looking forward to all my prebooked sessions that are going to take place this week!! woohoo love it!!!
Did you pigs have a nice Labor Day? I had a fantastic vacation! Good friends, thumb great traveling and great shopping! Many of you slobs were stuck in the family truckster with all the other idiots pining their way to some overpriced, over crowded amusement park. I can see it now LMAO I have heard of all the stories of your shitty life in hell….. you are so lucky to have me in your life!! I want to thank baseball Bob for the killer tickets and VIP party 🙂 You ROCK!!! I will be taking calls for the rest of the week and hope to catch some new slobs along the way!! See ya later jackasses!!
I know I have not updated my site in a long time. I have been very busy and I am now back on the phones! I got to talk to Blueboy for about 45 minutes last week and it was a REAL treat! He loves me because I am a Mean, salve
I also have the return of Dougie. Dougie is always a fantastic conversation and always has SOMETHING crazy going on!!
For you boys that have not been around, this would be a fantastic time to get back as a Mean Girl Minion! 🙂 Thanks for all that shopped for me at Christmas! I know lots of you have to buy this week and you are late… BUT I dont care, it is the thought that counts!!!
Mean Girl Kennedy is powered by	WordPress 4.9.8 and delivered to you in 0.358 seconds using 19 queries.
The Metropolitan stone team is highly regarded within the home remodeling industry. From our precision cutting to our expert installers, we pride ourselves on providing great stone products and an excellent experience. Here’s what sets us apart…
1. Unbelievable seam work – If your job requires a seam, we are experts at seaming stone! Our talented staff does great color match, but just a reminder, you will still feel and see your seam (but very slightly!)
2. Reinforced natural stone products with fiberglass rods – why, because some natural materials have underlying fishers and this prevents them from cracking. This also strengths the tops are weaker areas like sink or cooktop cutouts.
3. Highly secured and installed sinks – our CNC machines drill holes in the bottom of the stone top for anchors to be place so we have a secure area to have the sink clips. This allows not only silicone to hold up the sink but the clips, as well.
Ever since Chubby got into kicking while prone, she's slimmed down a little. All that movement is so good for her. She can kick quite vigorously, so we put a tube over the button to reduce rubbing.
Using Google to locate a Local Chiropractor after which How to pick the very best Chiropractor For You Personally
Looking to do more with your website? Selecting the right CMS is what you should be looking for. Here is why – your choice of CMS could affect your site appearance, the file formats it support or even the platforms it can…
When it comes to advertising, you should consider using vehicle advertisements as a complement to social media marketing. It enables you to reach a wider audience and generates a positive opinion about your business. Remember that owning a business can be one…
An event involves various activities for it to be successful. In most cases, for an event to work out well, it has to be planned before the real day. Ticket design is one of the essential aspects to look into when preparing…
Fashion is a ѕimрlе concept. Yоu dress уоurѕеlf аnd уоur hоmе in clothes and accessories that are ‘in’. Bу following thе trеndу fashion and designs оut there, you mау think it iѕ quite еаѕу tо dо thiѕ though. In fасt, in оrdеr…
Do you want to boost your business’s brand awareness? In recent times, social media has emerged as one of the best ways to market businesses. For instance, using instaprint technology, you can use Instagram as a means for people to get to…
Our Menu offers a wide variety of Japanese and Chinese dishes. Come in for a Lunch Special or during evening for a delicious Asian dinner. You can also order your foods for take out or catering.
Charles F. Zeigler Sons, Inc. Custom Flooring and Warehouse Outlet is your local supplier of Carpets and Rugs, Ceramic & Porcelain, Hardwood Flooring, Laminate Flooring, Resilient Flooring for the Hanover, PA area. We sell the most trusted brands at the most competitive prices.
© 2018 Carroll County Times. Powered by OwnLocal – helping local media with innovative print to web and directory software.
Full nudity uncensored adult pictures of a sexy boobs women (1: 85 pics): Sex photo book showing big tits, booty and pussy! (Nude MILF Girl Wide Open Pics) 23 September 2016
Full nudity uncensored adult pictures of a sexy boobs women (4: 84 pics): Sex photo book showing big tits, booty and pussy! (Nude MILF Girl Wide Open Pics) 09 March 2017
Full nudity uncensored adult pictures of a sexy boobs women (6: 50 pics): Sex photo book showing big tits, booty and pussy! (Nude MILF Girl Wide Open Pics) 06 March 2017
Troon Village is a 1,400-acre residential master-planned golf community located in north Scottsdale surrounding Troon Mountain. Troon Village has a wonderful assortment of residential choices from townhomes to semi-custom and custom homes, as well as residential homesites.
Troon Ridge master-planned community borders part of Troon Mountain, and is often considered to be part of Troon Village. New multi-acre developments can be found east of Troon Village. There are gated, guard gated, and non-gated subdivisions surrounding Troon Mountain.
Troon Village is home to Troon Country Club, one of Arizona's top-rated golf clubs. Designed by Tom Weiskopf and Jay Morrish and featuring a luxurious 50,000+ square foot clubhouse. Named for the famed Royal Troon Golf Club in Scotland where, in 1973, Tom Weiskopf won the British Open.
List of websites created from scratch or totally overhauled. Nothing better then a freshy fresh look!
For me the globe is the equivalent to one big play ground. I draw inspiration from adventure. Find info about me, the artist here.
PASSPORTINFO.COM is not operated, maintained by, or affiliated with any passport offices or government agencies. It is a privately operated website portal for informational purposes only.
CN101088001A CN 200580044187 CN200580044187A CN101088001A CN 101088001 A CN101088001 A CN 101088001A CN 200580044187 CN200580044187 CN 200580044187 CN 200580044187 A CN200580044187 A CN 200580044187A CN 101088001 A CN101088001 A CN 101088001A
B60R25/10—Fittings or systems for preventing or indicating unauthorised use or theft of vehicles actuating a signalling device
B60R25/33—Detection related to theft or to other events relevant to anti-theft systems of global position, e.g. by providing GPS coordinates
G01L—MEASURING FORCE, STRESS, TORQUE, WORK, MECHANICAL POWER, MECHANICAL EFFICIENCY, OR FLUID PRESSURE
G08G1/20—Monitoring the location of vehicles belonging to a group, e.g. fleet of vehicles, countable or determined number of vehicles
一种用于监控车辆的方法，包括：检测车辆的移动或起动；将指示车辆移动或起动的信号发射到控制中心；将任何所接收的驾驶员识别信息发射到控制中心；以及确定驾驶员识别是否在所检测的车辆移动或起动的时间间隔内被接收。 A method for monitoring a vehicle, comprising: detecting movement of the vehicle or starting; a signal indicative of the vehicle movement or activation transmitted to the control center; transmit any received operator identification information to the control center; and determining the driver identification It was received within the detected movement of the vehicle or starting the time interval.
6.如权利要求5所述的方法，其中所述控制中心执行所述车辆的位置确定。 6. The method according to claim 5, wherein said control center performing the position determination of the vehicle.
DE102006009098A1 (en) * 2006-02-28 2007-08-30 Daimlerchrysler Ag Diagnosis data transmitting method for e.g. passenger car, involves transmitting connection request via channel of radio interface to onboard communication module found in vehicle
US5557254A (en) * 1993-11-16 1996-09-17 Mobile Security Communications, Inc. Programmable vehicle monitoring and security system having multiple access verification devices
US20060247832A1 (en) 2006-11-02 Vehicular diagnostic method, vehicular diagnostic system, vehicle and center
A61F—FILTERS IMPLANTABLE INTO BLOOD VESSELS; PROSTHESES; DEVICES PROVIDING PATENCY TO, OR PREVENTING COLLAPSING OF, TUBULAR STRUCTURES OF THE BODY, E.G. STENTS; ORTHOPAEDIC, NURSING OR CONTRACEPTIVE DEVICES; FOMENTATION; TREATMENT OR PROTECTION OF EYES OR EARS; BANDAGES, DRESSINGS OR ABSORBENT PADS; FIRST-AID KITS
The present invention generally relates to apparatus and methods for treating sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other breathing disorders, and more specifically relates to apparatus for placement in the oropharyngeal region of a human or animal and to methods for treating sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other breathing disorders. Sleep apnea is a sleep-related breathing disorder that is thought to affect between one and ten percent (1-10%) of the adult population. Recent epidemiologic data indicate that two percent (2%) of women and four percent (4%) of men between the ages of thirty (30) and sixty (60) years meet the minimum diagnostic criteria for sleep apnea syndrome, representing more than ten million individuals in the United States. It is a disorder with significant morbidity and mortality, contributing to increased risk of hypertension, cardiac arrhythmias, stroke, and cardiovascular death. Another common sleep-related breathing disorder is snoring, which may be associated with or independent of sleep apnea.
The apparatus and methods described herein may aid in treating snoring and/or various degrees of hypopnea and apnea that occur due to pathological disturbances in the sleep process. One of the main reasons for sleep disturbance is relaxation of the tongue and pharyngeal walls to varying degrees during the several stages of sleep. When fully awake, these tissues have normal tone as air passes in and out of the lungs during respiration. However, during sleep, the musculature supporting these tissues relaxes. As air is inspired, the tongue and walls of the pharynx collapse, causing snoring or more seriously, causing partial or complete obstruction of the airway.
Obstructive sleep apnea occurs due to a collapse of soft tissue within the upper airway during sleep. The ongoing force of inspiration serves to generate increasingly negative pressure within the pharynx, causing further collapse. The lack of respiration results in inadequate blood oxygenation, and rising carbon dioxide levels. The cardiovascular response produces an increase in the blood pressure and pulse. Cardiac arrhythmias often occur. The carbon dioxide increase and oxygen desaturation triggers a transition to a lighter sleep stage, usually without wakefulness. This transition brings a return to tonicity of the muscles of the upper airway, allowing normal breathing to resume. The person then returns to deeper stages of sleep and the process is repeated. The disease is quantified in terms of respiratory disturbances per hour. Mild disease begins at ten per hour, and it is not uncommon to find patients with indices of about one hundred or more. Not surprisingly, sleep is extremely fragmented and of poor quality in persons suffering from sleep apnea. As a result, such persons typically feel tired upon wakening and may fall asleep at inappropriate times during the day. All aspects of quality of life, from physical and emotional health, to social functioning are impaired by obstructive sleep apnea. Continuous Positive Airway Pressure ("CPAP"), disclosed for example in U.S.
Patent No. 5,065,756, is a popular non-surgical treatment for patients suffering from sleep apnea. CPAP is administered by means of a mechanical unit that delivers pressurized room air to the nasal passage, or airway, through a nose mask that is worn by the patient during sleep. Pressurized air enters from the CPAP unit through the nose when a person is sleeping, and opens the airway from the inside almost as if the air were an internal splint. The correct pressure for the individual is determined in a sleep laboratory. If the nasal airway admits the flow of air, CPAP has in many cases offered immediate relief. Unfortunately however, compliance with, and long-term acceptance of this treatment are generally poor. Studies have shown that between twenty and fifty percent (20% - 50%) of patients fail to use nasal CPAP as prescribed. Problems associated with CPAP include excessive dryness of the mouth and throat, mucous congestion, sinusitis, and rhinorrhea. Breathing against positive air pressure is also discomforting to many patients.
Other non-surgical treatments for sleep apnea include the use of tongue retaining devices and other oral appliances that hold and/or pull the tongue or jaw in a forward position to open the airway by reducing collapse of the soft palate and/or tongue. These devices also suffer from poor compliance rates, and are usually associated with degenerative changes in the temporomandibular joint.
Surgical procedures have also been proposed and/or practiced for the treatment of moderate to severe sleep apnea. Uvulopalatopharyngoplasty ("UPPP") is a surgical procedure used to treat obstructive sleep apnea. In UPPP, any remaining tonsillar tissue and a portion of the soft palate is removed. The procedure increases the width of the airway at the throat opening. However, UPPP does not address apnea caused by obstructions deeper in the throat and airway, for example, apnea resulting from collapse of tissue near the base of tongue or in the oropharyngeal region of the airway.
LAUP, or Laser-Assisted Uvulopalatoplasty, is a modification of the above- mentioned technique, but has not proven particularly useful for sleep apnea. These surgical techniques are extremely invasive, requiring general anesthesia, and a prolonged, painful recovery.
Radio frequency tissue ablation (RFTA) with the trade name "Somnoplasty", has been used to shrink the soft palate, uvula and reduce tongue volume in the treatment of snoring and obstructive sleep apnea. Somnoplasty utilizes a radio frequency tool that generates heat to create coagulative lesions at specific locations within the upper airway. The lesions created by the procedure are naturally resorbed in approximately three to eight weeks, reducing excess tissue volume and increasing the airway opening. Like UPPP and LAUP, more than one session is typically required and it does not address sleep apnea resulting from tissues deeper in the throat than the upper airway. Another area of surgical interest lies in techniques designed to pull the tongue anteriorly. The most recent such surgical system designed to treat snoring (as well as obstructive sleep apnea) was approved by the FDA in February 1998. Known as the tongue suspension procedure (with the trade name Repose), it is intended to pull the tongue forward, thereby keeping the tongue from falling into the airway during sleep. The system utilizes a bone screw inserted into the mandible. The screw attaches to a nonabsorbable suture which travels the length of the tongue and back. Similarly, the hyoid bone can be drawn anteriorly with two distinct screws, also attached to the mandible.
Techniques have also been developed for treating, specifically, the condition of snoring. For example, U.S. Patent No. 6,250,307 to Conrad et al. discloses a method for treating snoring of a patient that includes embedding a fibrosis-inducing implant into a soft palate of a patient in order to alter a dynamic response of a soft palate to airflow. The disclosed methods are specifically designed to reduce the audibility of snoring but do not adequately address the more serious condition of sleep apnea.
Concepts relating to implants in the pharyngeal area have been described in German publication DE 19,920,114 to Fege, published November 9, 2000, which discloses transverse implant bands attached at one end to the cervical vertebra via surgical slits through the tongue, tonsils, and pharyngeal tissue. Other pharyngeal implants have been described in U.S. Publication No. 2003/0149488 to Metzger et al, now U.S. Patent No. 7,017,582, which discloses one or more fϊbrosis-inducing braided implants placed in the pharyngeal wall to stiffen the tissue, i.e., by encouraging tissue ingrowth and inducing a fϊbrotic response. Multiple disconnected separate devices are shown implanted in either transverse or longitudinal orientations. The preferred devices are about two millimeters (2 mm) in diameter and ten to twenty millimeters (10 to 20 mm) in length. A sheet of fϊbrosis-inducing material is also disclosed. Dimensional attributes used to calculate the design included a thirty millimeter (30 mm) thick pharyngeal wall, a 4.7 mm anterior-posterior airway diameter, and a 6.7 mm lateral airway diameter. Such an approach, however, ignores the need for mechanical stability and sufficient strength and resiliency to effectively resist simultaneous collapse of large portions of the posterior and lateral pharyngeal wall.
These conventional devices and treatments continue to suffer poor cure rates. The failures may lie in their inability to maintain patency in the retropalatal region and retroglossal region (the caudal margin of the soft palate to the base of the epiglottis). The poor success rates combined with high morbidity, contribute to an ongoing need for more effective treatments for sleep apnea and/or snoring.
SUMMARY The present invention is directed to apparatus and methods to treat, for example, to substantially eliminate or at least reduce the occurrence of, sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other sleep-related breathing disorders. The apparatus and methods may be relatively straightforward in structure and use, may be minimally invasive, and/or may provide substantial benefits over conventional techniques in controlling sleep apnea and/or snoring.
In accordance with one embodiment, an implant is provided that includes a substantially continuous loop structure including a curved central region between first and second regions in a horizontal plane. The first and second regions may be compressible towards one another such that the implant defines a generally "C" shape about a vertical axis extending from the horizontal plane, the first and second regions being biased to open away from the vertical axis within the horizontal plane when unconstrained such that the first and second regions apply a force to dilate tissue adjacent the oropharyngeal region when the implant is disposed within the oropharyngeal region. The central region of the implant may be vertically narrow relative to the first and second regions, at least one of the first and second regions being compressible vertically to allow the at least one of the first and second regions to be directed through or behind the ligament adjacent the oropharyngeal region such that the central region is disposed within or behind the ligament, the at least one of the first and second regions being resiliently expandable after passing through or behind the ligament.
In accordance with another embodiment, an apparatus is provided for implantation within an oropharyngeal region adjacent a ligament that includes an implant including a curved central region between first and second regions in a horizontal plane, the central region being vertically narrow relative to the first and second regions. At least one of the first and second regions is compressible vertically to allow the at least one of the first and second regions to be directed through or behind the ligament adjacent the oropharyngeal region such that the central region is disposed within or behind the ligament, the at least one of the first and second regions being resiliently expandable after passing through or behind the ligament. The first and second regions may also be compressible towards one another within the horizontal plane such that the implant defines a generally "C" shape about a vertical axis extending from the horizontal plane, the first and second regions being biased to open away from the vertical axis within the horizontal plane when unconstrained such that the first and second regions apply a force to dilate tissue adjacent the oropharyngeal region when the implant is disposed within the oropharyngeal region.
In accordance with still another embodiment, a system is provided for treating sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other breathing disorders that includes an implant including a curved central region between first and second regions in a horizontal plane, and a needle coupled to the first end region by a filament for insertion through a ligament adjacent an oropharyngeal region. The central region is vertically narrow relative to the first and second regions, and at least the first region is compressible vertically to allow the first region to be directed through or behind the ligament adjacent the oropharyngeal region when the needle and filament are inserted through or behind the ligament such that the central region is disposed within or behind the ligament, the first region being resiliently expandable after passing through or behind the ligament. The first and second regions may also foldable or otherwise compressible towards one another within the horizontal plane such that the implant defines a generally "C" shape about a vertical axis extending from the horizontal plane. The first and second regions may be biased to open away from the vertical axis within the horizontal plane when unconstrained such that the first and second regions apply a force to dilate tissue adjacent the oropharyngeal region when the implant is disposed within the oropharyngeal region. The first and second regions may increase a surface area contacting adjacent tissue, which may facilitate dilating, opening, or otherwise treating tissue adjacent the oropharyngeal region.
In accordance with yet another embodiment, an apparatus is provided that includes an appliance sized and structured to be substantially permanently or temporarily implanted or placed in an oropharyngeal region of a human or animal. For example, the apparatus may be implanted for long term usage and/or for relatively long durations, such as at least about one (1) week or about one (1) month, for example, at least about six (6) months, at least about one (1) year, about five (5) years or longer),
The apparatus may include any material or materials suitable for placement in the pharyngeal region that may be effective to reinforce tissues of the region in order to provide support to these tissues against collapse such that a patient can breathe more effectively than the patient would breathe without the material or materials placed in the region.
In one embodiment, the apparatus generally includes an appliance sized and structured to be placed in a given position in the oropharyngeal region, other than to facilitate a surgical procedure, and to be effective, when placed in the given position, to treat sleep apnea and/or snoring in a human and or animal (hereinafter, sometimes "patient"). In addition, the appliance is structured to be effective, when so placed, to provide at least one additional benefit relative to a different device that is sized and structured for placement in a position in the patient other than in the given position in the oropharyngeal region. In one embodiment, the appliance is structured to provide an enhanced compliance with normal, healthy functioning of the oropharyngeal region of a patient relative to such a different device, for example, a stent that is not specifically structured to be utilized for treatment of sleep apnea. For example, the apparatus is structured to have an enhanced ability, relative to such a different device, to be tolerated, e.g., comfortably tolerated, by the human or animal while the apparatus is in the given position in the oropharyngeal region, such as when the human or animal is awake or is naturally sleeping.
The appliance may be structured to have an enhanced ability, relative to such a different device, to provide support against collapse of the oropharyngeal region during natural sleep, as well as to allow proper closure of an airway in the oropharyngeal region during swallowing.
In one embodiment, the appliance is sized and structured so that, when so placed in the given position in the oropharyngeal region, the appliance is located substantially entirely within the pharyngeal region including, for example, the oropharyngeal region. The apparatus is sized and structured to be temporarily placed in the given position or to be placed in the given position on a relatively long term basis for example, as described elsewhere herein. In addition, the appliance may be structured to resist migration within the oropharyngeal region or outside the oropharyngeal region.
In one embodiment, the appliance includes a curved member, when located outside the body in a resting or at rest position, including spaced apart end portions and a body portion joining the end portions. In this embodiment, the apparatus may be designed such that when the apparatus is appropriately positioned in the given position with end portions bearing against and supporting adjacent tissue, e.g., the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region, against collapse. The appliance may be sized and structured such that when the apparatus is appropriately placed in the given position, the end portions are spaced apart anteriorly of the posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region, for example, by a portion of the anterior wall of the oropharyngeal region. In an exemplary embodiment, the appliance expands to form an effective diameter of about thirty two millimeters (32 mm) or greater in order to adequately expand to fill the oropharyngeal region.
If desired, the apparatus may be structured to facilitate removal thereof from the oropharyngeal region. For example, the apparatus may be structured such that when the apparatus is in other than the deployed configuration, for example, when the apparatus is located outside an oropharyngeal region of a human or animal or outside the body of the human or animal in a resting position, the appliance includes a member that has a flexibility and resiliency that allows the appliance to be folded, rolled, or otherwise compressed to take on a relatively smaller radius for facilitating insertion thereof into the oropharyngeal region, for example, through the mouth or oral cavity of the patient. When released into the pharyngeal region, the appliance unfolds, unrolls, or otherwise expands, and provides pressure against one or more portions of the pharyngeal region, providing support thereto and maintaining or achieving patency of the pharyngeal region, for example, whether the patient is awake or is naturally sleeping. In the event that the appliance needs to be removed, the appliance can be designed to reside within the oropharyngeal region with minimal tissue response, for example, with little or substantially no fϊbrotic tissue response, allowing subsequent removal using standard otolaryngology techniques.
Optionally, the appliance may also have mesh fabric or polymer, e.g., attached to the lateral end portions and/or covering some or all of the central areas of the appliance to improve support and facilitate stability.
The appliance may be sized and structured to allow substantially natural functioning of the oropharyngeal region and the epiglottis when the appliance is located in the given position in the pharyngeal region of the patient.
It will become apparent that various configurations of the apparatus are possible to achieve one or more of the benefits described herein in controlling or otherwise treating sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other breathing disorders. Such configurations may include an appliance having a substantially elliptical configuration, a substantially circular configuration, a substantially rectangular configuration, a substantially cylindrical configuration, a substantially linear configuration, a substantially cross-shaped configuration, a substantially C-shaped configuration, a substantially cuff shaped configuration, a substantially coil shaped configuration, a substantially double concave loop configuration, a substantially bow tie shaped configuration and the like configurations and combinations thereof. For example, in an exemplary embodiment, the appliance includes, in a rest position outside the body of a human or animal a curved, flexible, elliptical member having rounded end portions, a length defined between the end portions, and a body portion including a plurality of spaced apart struts extending along at least a substantial portion of the length between the end portions.
In various embodiments, the appliance, when located in the oropharyngeal region, may have a resiliency and flexibility, for example, resiliency and/or flexibility in at least one direction or at least two different directions or at least three different directions, that enables the appliance to provide an appropriate amount of support and reinforcement to oropharyngeal tissues during natural sleep, while enabling substantially normal functioning of the oropharyngeal region and the epiglottis, for example, during swallowing.
The appliance may be formed from elastic material, such as a super-elastic material. A number of suitable elastic and super-elastic materials are well known and can be employed. One particularly useful material is a nickel titanium alloy, known as Nitinol. The appliance may have a hoop strength effective to support the oropharyngeal region against collapse during natural sleep. For example, in one embodiment, the appliance may have a hoop strength in a range of at least about one centimeter (1 cm) water to about four hundred centimeters (400 cm) water or greater. The apparatus may include an appliance sized and structured to be placed in a position in the oropharyngeal region in proximity to the epiglottis, other than to facilitate a surgical procedure, effective in treating sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other breathing disorders. The appliance may be sized and structured to substantially entirely fit within the oropharyngeal region when placed in position. A portion of the device may also be considered to extend above the oropharyngeal region, e.g., along the lateral portions of the pharynx.
In accordance with another embodiment, the apparatus may include an element placed within the oropharyngeal region that is effective, when so placed to reinforce tissues within the oropharyngeal region in order to support these tissues against collapse and allow substantially normal breathing during sleep.
For example, the element may include at least one strip of material that is structured to be placed within the walls of the oropharyngeal region. For example, the element may include multiple strips of material that are structured and suitable to be implanted within the oropharyngeal tissues, for example, beneath the mucosal tissue, for example, in a spaced apart, substantially horizontal fashion.
In accordance with another embodiment, a method is provided for treating sleep apnea or snoring within an oropharyngeal region adjacent an anterior longitudinal ligament that includes introducing an implant into the oropharyngeal region, the implant comprising a curved central region between first and second regions, the central region being vertically narrow relative to the first and second regions; and introducing the first region through an opening through or behind the ligament, the first region compressing vertically from a relaxed configuration as the first region passes through the opening, until the first region passes through the opening, whereupon the first region resiliency expands towards the relaxed configuration, the central region remaining within the opening.
In accordance with still another embodiment, a method is provided for controlling sleep apnea or snoring in a human or animal having an oropharyngeal region and an anterior longitudinal ligament. A flexible, resilient appliance may be provided sized and structured to be positioned in an oropharyngeal region of a patient, the appliance comprising substantially opposing elongated elements together forming a loop having a generally narrow central region and first and second end regions that are relatively wider than the central region. The appliance may be introduced into the oropharyngeal region by passing the appliance into a lateral or posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region and through or adjacent the anterior longitudinal ligament of the patient such that, upon the appliance being so positioned in the oropharyngeal region, the generally narrow central region is at least partially beneath the posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region and the first and second end portions are located against or within the posterior and right and left lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region.
In accordance with yet another embodiment, a method is provided for treating sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other breathing disorders that includes securing one or more elements to the oropharyngeal region and allowing the elements to provide an opening force against the oropharyngeal walls, such opening force being sufficient to reinforce the walls against collapse during natural sleep while allowing substantially normal functioning of the oropharyngeal region.
In one embodiment, the method may include placing an appliance at least partially submucosally, within the oropharyngeal region of a patient that is effective, when so placed, to maintain patency of the oropharyngeal region. Optionally, the apparatus may be placed substantially entirely submucosally, e.g., in the oropharyngeal region.
The apparatus may be sized to be placed, at least partially, circumscribing an interior hollow passage defined by the pharyngeal region, for example the oropharyngeal region. In a related aspect, the appliance may be sized to be placed circumscribing, at least once, the interior hollow passage defined by the oropharyngeal region. In another embodiment, the element may include an element that provides a magnetic opening force against collapsing pharyngeal, for example, oropharyngeal, tissues. For example, the element may include an appliance, such as described and shown elsewhere herein, that is at least partially magnetized. More specifically, the element may include two or more magnetic elements having like poles facing one another, to create a magnetic field that can be utilized to provide a useful opening force to the pharyngeal, for example, oropharyngeal, region. In accordance with still another embodiment, methods for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring in a human or an animal having an oropharyngeal region are provided. In one aspect, the methods generally include providing an appliance, such as any of those described elsewhere herein, in the oropharyngeal region of the human or animal. The appliance, located in the oropharyngeal region, is effective in treating sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other breathing disorders during natural sleep of the human or animal. In one embodiment, an appliance is placed in the oropharyngeal region that is effective in maintaining patency of the oropharyngeal region during natural sleep of the human or animal. The appliance may be effective in maintaining patency without causing substantial interference with one or more natural functions of the oropharyngeal region or the epiglottis. For example, the appliance may be structured, when placed in the oropharyngeal region, to be effective to support the tissues of the oropharyngeal region against collapse while allowing the oropharyngeal region to close and/or otherwise function consistent with normal swallowing. The apparatus is designed so that, when the appliance is placed in the oropharyngeal region, it is effective in supporting and holding the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region in an open position, and/or in supporting and holding the tongue of the patient in a forward position, for example, during natural sleep of the patient.
In accordance with yet another embodiment, a method is provided for maintaining patency of a oropharyngeal region of a human or an animal during natural sleep. The method generally includes providing a member in a substantially flat or precurved configuration, the member having a body portion and end portions spaced apart by the body portions, and implanting the member, at least partially submucosally, within the oropharyngeal region.
The member may be effective to provide a substantially constant force against at least a portion of each of a right and left lateral wall of the oropharyngeal region.
For example, the step of implanting may include implanting the member into the oropharyngeal region such that the member is substantially entirely submucosally implanted therein.
In yet another related embodiment, a method is provided for maintaining patency of a pharyngeal region of a human or animal during natural sleep and for purposes other than surgery that includes causing a tissue reaction of a pharyngeal region of the patient, the tissue reaction being effective in at least one of strengthening and stiffening lateral walls of the pharyngeal region. For example, a tissue reaction may be caused by applying an active agent to the walls of the pharyngeal region or, for example, placing at least one member into the lateral walls.
For example, the appliance may be inserted into the oropharyngeal region, for example through the mouth or oral cavity of the patient, or alternatively, through the nasal cavity of the patient, while the appliance is in a first configuration and, thereafter, the appliance may be allowed to reconfigure to a second configuration within the oropharyngeal region.
In yet another aspect, a method for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring includes causing a tissue reaction in an oropharyngeal region of a patient. Such tissue reaction may be effected to cause sufficient support, stiffening, and/or strengthening of targeted oropharyngeal tissues in order to substantially reduce the occurrence of collapse of those tissues during natural sleep of the patient.
For example, a tissue reaction may be caused by one or more of injecting a suitable agent into the tissues, applying wave energy to the tissues, and/or causing mechanical irritation to the tissues in order to provoke a strengthening response.
Each and every feature described herein, and each and every combination of two or more of such features, is included within the scope of the present invention provided that the features included in such a combination are not mutually inconsistent. These and other aspects of the present invention are apparent in the following detailed description and claims, particularly when considered in conjunction with the accompanying drawings in which like parts bear like reference numerals.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a cross-sectional view of a patient's head, showing an exemplary embodiment of an implant positioned in an oropharyngeal region of the patient.
FIG. 3 is a perspective view of another embodiment of an implant having a substantially mesh-walled cylindrical shape.
FIG. 4 is a perspective view of an additional embodiment of an implant similar to that shown in FIG. 2, and including a recessed portion for accommodating an epiglottis of a patient.
FIGS. 7, 8, and 9 are perspective views of various other embodiments of implants including substantially cuff-shaped configurations of different proportions to accommodate different patient needs.
FIG. 10 is a perspective view of still another embodiment of an implant including a substantially cuff-shaped configuration including a mesh material.
FIG. 11 is a perspective view of a yet further embodiment of an implant including a substantially solid C-shaped configuration having apertures for allowing tissue ingrowth.
FIG. 12 is a perspective view of an alternate embodiment of an implant including a flat flexible member including spaced apart struts extending between rounded end portions.
FIGS. 13-16 are plan views of other alternate embodiments of implants similar to the embodiment shown in FIG. 12.
FIGS. 17-21 are plan views of various other alternative embodiments of implants including a single loop element. FIGS. 22-23 are plan views of yet other embodiments of implants.
FIG. 24 is a cross-sectional view of a patient's head, showing a side view of an exemplary embodiment of an implant including an elongated element structured to be at least partially submucosally implanted in the oropharyngeal region of a patient.
FIG. 24A is a cross-sectional view of a patient's head, showing an alternative embodiment an implant similar to the embodiment shown in FIG. 24, including multiple, spaced apart elongated elements at least partially submucosally implanted within the oropharyngeal region of the patient. FIG. 25 is a plan view of the implant shown in FIG. 24.
FIGS. 25 A and 25B are cross-sectional views of alternative cross-sectional shapes for the implant shown in FIG. 25.
FIGS. 26-28 are cross-sectional views of the oropharyngeal region of a patient, showing various implants submuco sally implanted therein.
FIG. 29E is a perspective view of the oropharyngeal region of a patient, showing the implant of FIGS. 29A-29D placed in the posterior and lateral walls of the region.
FIG. 29G is a front view of a system for implantation within the oropharyngeal region of a patient, including the implant of FIGS. 29A-29E.
FIGS. 3OA and 3OB are cross-sectional views of a patient, showing an implant located within the oropharyngeal region in the delivered and final positions, respectively.
FIGS. 30C and 30D are details of the oropharyngeal region of FIGS. 30A and 30B, showing an implant being advanced through or behind the anterior longitudinal ligament. FIGS. 31A-31D are perspective, front, top, and side views, respectively, of another alternative embodiment of an implant for treating sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other breathing disorders, similar to the embodiment of FIGS. 29A-29E.
For example, at least one or more of the following benefits or advantages may be achieved using the apparatus described herein, relative to devices conventionally utilized or suggested for utilization in body regions other then the oropharyngeal region and/or to treat conditions other than sleep apnea and/or snoring, may include at least one or more of the following: the apparatus is structured to be located in the oropharyngeal region and to have an enhanced ability to be tolerated by the human or animal, for example, while the human or animal is awake or is naturally sleeping; the apparatus is structured to provide enhanced resistance to static collapsing forces of the oropharyngeal region and/or hypopharynx; the apparatus is structured to have an enhanced ability to allow for dynamic collapse; the apparatus is structured to have enhanced non-mobility, for example, upon coughing, throat clearing and/or sneezing; the apparatus is structured to have enhanced conformity to the healthy, normal shape of the pharynx; the apparatus is structured to have an enhanced ability to be removable; the apparatus is structured to have an enhanced ability to be deployable under direct vision via nasopharyngoscopy/ laryngoscopy; and the like.
In addition, the apparatus described herein may be structured not to substantially interfere with swallowing, respiration, vocalization, mucociliary function, epiglottis functioning, and the like. The apparatus described herein may also be structured to maintain the openness of the oropharyngeal region during natural sleep.
Turning now to the drawings, FIG. 1 shows a cross-sectional anatomical view of a human patient 1. The patient 1 has an exemplary apparatus 10, which may be any of the embodiments described herein, located within the patient's oropharyngeal region Ia in order to substantially control, reduce, eliminate, or otherwise treat sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other breathing disorders.
Snoring and sleep apnea are often caused by a combination of narrowness and low muscle tone of the upper airways. The tongue 2a may fall back and obstruct the airway, possibly leading to an arousal reaction and disturbing the normal sleeping pattern. Other portions of the oropharyngeal region may also collapse. For example, the lateral walls 2b of the oropharyngeal region often become excessively lax and block a free flow of air during respiration. When the patient 1 is supine, for example, when the patient 1 is asleep and lying on his/her back, the relaxed tongue 2a may move inferiorly (down) and posteriorly (back), and/or the lateral walls 2b of the oropharyngeal region may collapse inwardly resulting in a narrower pharynx relative to when the patient 1 is upright. One cause for the narrowing of the pharynx in the supine position may be that the oropharyngeal region Ia and hypopharyngeal region, which have low consistencies, collapse because of lack of direct hard tissue support. The apparatus 10 may be secured to the pharyngeal region by various methods.
For example, the apparatus 10 may be sutured to the pharyngeal region, for example with dissolvable sutures that will allow the apparatus 10 to be held in place while the apparatus 10 becomes fixed to the region by means of tissue ingrowth. Alternatively, the apparatus 10 may be secured to the region by means of a suitable biocompatible adhesive as are presently known in the art. Alternatively still, the apparatus 10 may be secured to the region by being surgically implanted into the region, for example, directly beneath the region's mucosal layer, (hereinafter, "submuco sally"), for example, by being pulled, with a surgical needle for example, at least partially into and beneath the mucosal layer such that the apparatus at least partially circumscribes the region. The apparatus 10 may be designed to provide direct support to at least some of these tissues when the patient 1 is supine and asleep. For example, the apparatus 10 may be structured so that when placed in the given position in oropharyngeal region Ia, the apparatus 10 will push the tongue forward, and/or push the lateral walls 2b away from one another thereby holding the airway patent or open during the time the human or animal is naturally sleeping.
As shown, the apparatus 10 may be sized and structured to be positioned adjacent the epiglottis 2c of patient 1, e.g., but without coming in contact therewith. For example, in one embodiment, the apparatus 10 is designed to overlay a posterior wall 2d of the oropharyngeal region Ia and provide an opening force outwardly against opposing lateral walls 2b of the oropharyngeal region Ia. In other embodiments, the apparatus 10 is designed to rest within a valecullar space 2e and provide a pushing force against the base 2f of the tongue 2a which makes up a portion of the anterior wall 2g of the oropharyngeal region Ia. The valecullar space 2e, as the term is used herein, is defined as being the space between the anterior wall 2g of the throat and the upper tip 2h of the epiglottis 2c down to the conjunction of the epiglottis 2c with the anterior wall 2g of the pharynx. In any event, the apparatus 10 is designed in such a manner as to substantially prevent the apparatus 10 from interfering substantially with the normal functioning of the tissue around the apparatus 10, particularly with the normal functioning of the epiglottis 2c. The apparatus 10 may include structures (described elsewhere herein) for anchoring or securing the apparatus 10 within the oropharyngeal region Ia in order to prevent the apparatus 10 from migrating away from or out of the given position. The apparatus 10 may be structured to closely and flexibly conform to the size and contours of at least a portion of the oropharyngeal region Ia.
In one embodiment, the apparatus 10 may be said to be effective to provide a support substantially equivalent to the support of tissue and/or muscles of an oropharyngeal region in a healthy, toned state. As a specific example, the apparatus 10 may be sized and shaped to fit a human patient having a measured anterior-posterior linear distance between the pharyngeal walls, when the patient is awake and not supine, and the tongue and/or other tissues are not fully lax.
The apparatus 10 may be structured to maintain a radial force or pressure, for example, a substantially constant radial force or pressure, against the oropharyngeal region, specifically against the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region, the posterior portion of the oropharyngeal region, and/or the base of the tongue. The pressure of the apparatus maintained against this region is advantageously sufficient to maintain patency of the oropharyngeal region during natural sleep in a supine position (for example, greater than about ten centimeters (10 cm) of water), and may exert pressure less than that exerted by the surfaces of the oropharyngeal region during swallowing (for example, about four hundred centimeters (400 cm) of water). The apparatus may have hoop strength in a range of about five centimeters (5 cm) of water up to about four hundred centimeters (400 cm) of water. It is further noted that the design of apparatus 10 allows for variable hoop strength as measured along different points about the circumference of the appliance of the apparatus. The apparatus 10 is designed and structured to allow substantially normal functioning of the oropharyngeal and pharyngeal regions, while maintaining the structural integrity of the apparatus over a long period of time. An important consideration in the design of the apparatus 10 includes the requirement that the apparatus 10 substantially maintain its structural integrity and strength despite the highly dynamic, peristaltic motion of the oropharyngeal and hypopharyngeal regions.
For example, it is known that a human being typically swallows an average of two times a minute throughout the day. This equals around two thousand (2000) swallows per day. The force of the swallow varies from one and a half to six pounds (1.5-6 lbs.) of pressure, and the force lasts for about 0.1 to about 0.2 second. Swallowing also includes the involuntary apposition of the soft palate to the posterior pharyngeal wall, which is believed to last almost a second and producing a pressure of about one hundred sixty millimeters of mercury (160 mm Hg) and initiate pharyngeal peristalsis, i.e., the wavelike muscular contractions that move food along the alimentary canal in the pharyngeal region. This moving front of contraction passes through the pharyngeal constrictors in sequence, traversing the pharynx and hypopharynx at about fifteen centimeters per second (15 cm/s) to reach the upper esophageal sphincter in about one second. The hypopharyngeal contraction lasts about 0.3 to about 0.5 seconds and generates an intraluminal pressure of two hundred millimeters of mercury (200 mm Hg). The apparatus 10 may be designed to flex and contract along with this wave-like motion of the various muscles in the oropharyngeal and hypopharyngeal region.
The appropriate amount of feree necessary to provide adequate support to maintain patency and consistent air flow in the oropharyngeal region during sleep, while allowing for the dynamic motion of the pharyngeal region and normal function of the oropharyngeal region and/or hypopharyngeal region, may vary between patients. Therefore, the apparatus 10 may be available in a range of radial forces and sizes in order to suit different individuals. For example, each of the embodiments described herein may be made of resilient and elastic biocompatible materials and all edges and surfaces may be smooth and free of sharp portions, burrs, and/or contaminants.
FIGS. 2-6 show various embodiments of the apparatus 10 that are generally cylindrical or tubular in structure. Except as expressly described herein, each of the apparatus 10a- 1Oe, shown in FIGS. 2-6 respectively, is similar to apparatus 10 and is structured, unless otherwise noted herein, to be utilized for the treatment of sleep apnea, snoring, and/or other breathing disorders, as hereinabove noted.
Turning now specifically to FIG. 2, apparatus 10a is an appliance 12 structured to fit substantially entirely within the oropharyngeal region and at least partially within the valecullar space and/or extending no higher than the upper surface of the base of the tongue in the anterior portion of the apparatus 10a. The posterior portion of the apparatus 10a may be designed to provide additional support above the oropharyngeal region.
The appliance 12 defines a central open or hollow space 12a and may be made of any suitable biocompatible material, for example, stainless steel, Nitinol, Elgiloy, or other metals, plastics (polymeric materials), and the like, and composites and/or combinations thereof.
FIG. 4 shows an additional apparatus 10c, similar to apparatus 10a, including a solid cylindrical appliance 16 including a feature of a cut-out region 17 defined in the appliance 16, the cut-out region being appropriately sized, shaped, and positioned to accommodate natural movements and functions of the epiglottis of a patient (not shown). Thus, in this embodiment, the apparatus 10c may be fitted to a patient with cut-out portion 17 facing an anterior wall of the oropharyngeal region. The epiglottis is therefore free to move inwardly and outwardly of the appliance by means of the cut-out region.
FIG. 5 shows yet another apparatus 1Od, including an appliance 18 having a relatively wider diameter distal or lower portion 19 that may function to anchor or hold the appliance 18 within the valecullar space. When in use, the apparatus 1Od is anchored at portion 19 within the vallecular space allowing the epiglottis to function normally within the relatively wider hollow area defined by the lower portion 19.
FIG. 6 shows a further embodiment, specifically an apparatus 1Oe generally including an appliance 20 having a helical or spiral spring including coils 22 formed, for example, from a super-elastic material, as described elsewhere herein. FIGS. 7-11 show various other embodiments of implants that are generally non- circumferentially enclosed in structure. Instead, the implants generally define a "C" shape or other open structure, which may define a portion of a circle, ellipse, or other discontinuous periphery. Except as expressly described herein, each of the apparatus 1Of- 10j, shown in FIGS. 7-11 respectively, may be constructed using materials and/or methods similar to apparatus 10 and/or may be structured, unless otherwise noted herein, to be utilized for the treatment of sleep apnea and/or snoring as herein noted.
Turning now to FIG. 7, apparatus 1Of is shown that includes an appliance 26 that is non-circumferentially enclosed in structure. In other words, apparatus 1Of, unlike apparatus 10a- 1Oe, includes spaced apart end portions 27 defining a gap 32, and a closed or intermediate portion 34 between the ends portions 27. The end portions 27 may be rounded, as shown, or may have other desired shapes.
More specifically, the appliance 26 may be described as a substantially C-shaped member 35 defined by a pair of resilient, flexible wire struts 36a and 36b connected at the end portions 27 to define an enclosed, endless loop. The struts 36a and 36b may have any suitable transverse cross-section, for example, a circular, oval, rounded, flattened or other transverse cross-section. In this particular embodiment, the C-shaped member 35 is formed from a wire or ribbon that forms a continuous loop as shown, defining an open interior space 38.
Still referring to FIG. 7, the appliance 26 is structured to be positioned within the oropharyngeal region with the end portions 27 bearing against and providing an opening force against the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region. It is contemplated that the apparatus 1Of may be alternatively positioned such that the appliance 34 rests substantially within or entirely within the valecullar space and presses against the base of the tongue along closed portion 34.
Upon contraction of the oropharyngeal region, for example, during swallowing, the end portions 27 will be temporarily forced toward one another by the muscles in the oropharyngeal region, and may or may not overlap or contact one another. The flexibility and relative spacing of the struts 36a and 36b allow the appliance 34 to contract and expand in the vertical direction as necessary, for example in conjunction with peristalsis of the pharyngeal walls upon swallowing.
Each of the embodiments of implants 1 Of- 1Oj may be formed from highly elastic, biocompatible materials. For example, each of the implants 1 Of- 1Oj may be formed from an elastic or a super-elastic material, e.g., a nickel titanium (NiTi) alloy, such as the alloy known as Nitinol.
For general background purposes, a description of the benefits of Nitinol follows that may applied to the apparatus and/or methods described herein. Additional details of this alloy can be obtained from readily available sources and/or will be known to those of skill in the art.
Nickel titanium (also known as Nitinol) is in the class of materials known as shape memory alloys. A thermoelastic martensitic phase transformation in the material is responsible for its extraordinary properties. These properties include the shape memory effect, super-elasticity, and high damping capability.
Nitinol has the ability to absorb large amounts of strain energy and release it as the applied strain is removed. Nitinol also has excellent torqueability and kink resistance, which is a useful feature for the apparatus and methods described herein due to the dynamic nature of the oropharyngeal and hypopharyngeal regions. Advantageously, super-elastic Nitinol alloys provide a substantially constant force over a large strain range.
The present apparatus may be formed from a Nitinol material with a ratio of the two constituents, nickel and titanium, at about fifty percent (50%) atomic percent each (e.g., about fifty five percent (55%) percent by weight of nickel).
The properties of Nitinol may be modified by changes in alloy composition, mechanical working, and heat treatment, as known to those of ordinary skill in the art. The specific alloy used in the apparatus described herein may be selected mainly for its super-elastic effect rather than its shape memory effect, however, temperature activated shape memory may also be used to control the bias or shape of the apparatus, e.g., upon being exposed to body temperatures within a patient.
Super-elastic Nitinol alloys may be used in the apparatus described herein to take advantage of a stress-induced martensitic transformation in order to achieve extreme amounts of flexibility and kink resistance. It is known that an alloy of nickel and titanium may behave super-elastically if its Active Af temperature (the temperature above which the material has undergone substantial transformation from its martensitic to its austenitic state) is just below the use temperature. For example, alloys that are intended to be super- elastic at room temperature are generally produced with their Active Af temperatures just below room temperature in the range of about zero to about twenty degrees Celsius (0- 2O0C). A super-elastic material will not be super-elastic at all temperatures, but will exhibit good super-elastic properties in a temperature window extending from the Active Af temperature up to a temperature that is about fifty degrees Celsius (5O0C) above Active Af. Therefore, a material with an Active Af of about fifteen degrees Celsius (150C) will exhibit good super-elasticity up to about sixty five degrees Celsius (650C), which means that the material will exhibit good super-elasticity at both ambient or room temperature and body temperature (370C).
Nitinol is a useful material for the apparatus described herein also due to its excellent biocompatibility, very high corrosion resistance, and excellent cytocompatibility. In addition, the nickel in nickel/titanium alloy is chemically joined to the titanium in a strong intermetallic bond, so the risk of reaction, even in patients with nickel sensitivity, is extremely low. In addition, Nitinol is not considered a fϊbrosis-inducing material. Additional details on nickel titanium alloys are known to those of ordinary skill in the art and are provided, for example, in U.S. Patent No. 6,306,141 to Jervis. FIGS. 8-10 show alternative embodiments of implants similar to the embodiment shown in FIG. 7 in that the appliance is non-circumferentially enclosed as defined elsewhere herein.
More specifically, referring to FIG. 8, an apparatus 1Og is shown that generally includes a cuff-shaped appliance 50. Like appliance 26, appliance 50 includes spaced apart end portions 27g defining a gap 32g, and closed portion 34g. A substantial distinction between apparatus 1Og and apparatus 1Of is that apparatus 1Og includes relatively wide, opposing outer peripheral portions 56a and 56b, that define flattened bands, rather than struts 36a and 36b. The outer peripheral portions 56a and 56b define an open interior space 58. Relative to apparatus 1Of, this particular design generally allows greater surface contact with oropharyngeal tissues as well as greater hoop strength or opening pressure. FIG. 9 shows an apparatus 1Oh including a cuff-shaped appliance 60 similar to appliance 50 for accommodating a patient with different needs, for example, a patient having a longer, more narrow oropharyngeal region. Appliance 60 includes spaced apart end portions 27h defining a gap 32h and closed portion 34h.
FIG. 10 shows another apparatus 1Oi generally similar to the embodiment shown in Fig 8. A significant distinction between apparatus 1Oi and apparatus 1Og is that the apparatus 1Oi includes a mesh, braid, knit, or woven structure, which may provide increased flexibility and/or facilitate natural, non-fibrotic, tissue ingrowth to restrict or prevent migration of the apparatus 1Oi. For example, the appliance 64 includes an outer peripheral portion 66 made of a woven mesh wire for example, defining an interior space 68.
FIG. 11 shows yet another apparatus 10j, including a non-circumferential cuff- shaped appliance 82 having spaced apart end portions 27j defining a gap 32j. A significant distinction between apparatus 10j and apparatus 1Og is that appliance 82 does not include interior space 58, but is instead substantially solid as shown. In addition, appliance 82 may include one or more through apertures 87 for facilitating natural, non- fibrotic, tissue ingrowth through the appliance 82.
FIGS. 12-21 show various embodiments of implants that are generally planar when in a resting or non-deployed state, for example, when the implant is located outside of the oropharyngeal region of a patient in a rest position. Except as expressly described herein, each of the apparatus 10k, 10m, 1On, 1Op and 1Oq, 10s, 1Ot, 1Ou, 1Ov and 10w shown in FIGS. 12-21 respectively, may be constructed similar to apparatus 10 and is structured, unless otherwise noted herein, to be utilized for the treatment of sleep apnea and/or snoring as described elsewhere herein.
Turning now to FIG. 12, apparatus 10k generally includes an appliance 110 having a flat or substantially planar configuration (represented by phantom lines) that is flexible to achieve an arched or curved configuration (shown in solid line). Like the embodiments shown in FIGS. 7-11, the apparatus 10k defines a non-circumferential configuration when in the deployed state. Stated differently, the apparatus 10k may be biased to the substantially planar configuration, but may be sufficiently resilient and/or flexible to be directed to the curved configuration, e.g., to allow delivery and/or implantation within the oropharyngeal region of a patient. More particularly, as shown, the appliance 110 includes a body portion 112 and end portions 114 spaced apart by the body portion 112. The appliance 110 may be in any suitable form, such as, for example, a substantially rectangular form (shown in FIG. 12), a substantially circular form, a substantially oblong form, a substantially oval form or a substantially elliptical form or the like configuration. When located in the oropharyngeal region, the appliance 110 is structured to exert a sufficient force, e.g., a sufficient substantially constant radial force, on the oropharyngeal region, particularly against the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region, to maintain or cause the airway passing through the region to be patent, so that it is substantially open or unobstructed.
The appliance 110 is structured to take on a deployed configuration when located within the oropharyngeal region such that the end portions 114 are spaced apart from each other by other than the body portion 112. For example, the end portions 114 may be spaced apart by the epiglottis or a portion of the anterior or posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region. The apparatus 110 is structured to be sufficiently resilient and flexible to allow for normal dynamic movement or motion of the oropharyngeal region with little or no loss in desirable properties, such as hoop strength and the like, over an extended period of wear.
Advantageously, the apparatus 10k may be formed entirely from a unitary flat sheet of material that is laser cut into the desired configuration. Using a flat elastic or super-elastic sheet of material or a sheet pre-curved to a diameter larger than that of the oropharyngeal region of the human or animal, the apparatus 10k, once implanted into the oropharyngeal region, applies substantially continuous opening pressure to the oropharyngeal walls, for example, the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region.
Appliance 110 may have a longitudinal length (from one end portion 114 to the other end portion 114) between about forty millimeters (40 mm) and about ninety millimeters (90 mm) in the substantially flat configuration, and a lateral height of between about ten millimeters (10 mm) and about fifty millimeters (50 mm). The dimensions of appliance 110 may be selected based on individual patient need. The appliance is designed such that the effective non-constrained diameter of the appliance, when deployed, is greater than about thirty two millimeters (32 mm).
Appliance 110 includes a plurality of flexible wire or ribbon struts 140, which may extend between the radiused end portions 114 extending along a substantial portion of the length of the appliance 110. For example, the appliance 110 may include between about two (2) and about fifty (50) struts or more, or between about six (6) and about twenty (20) struts, such as about ten (10) struts.
In the embodiment shown in FIG. 12, each of the struts 140 has a thickness (into the sheet) of about 0.005 inch and a width (parallel to the lateral height) of about 0.010 inch. This design has been found to provide the required flexibility and resiliency in at least three dimensions or directions of motion, and, in addition, twisting motion, without exhibiting significant fatigue over an extended period of wear/time in service requiring dynamic movement, such as in the oropharyngeal region.
The number, thickness, and/or width of the struts 140 may be varied to produce a desired opening pressure (e.g., hoop strength) on the base of the tongue or to reduce or increase the surface area of the struts 140 which are in contact with the oropharyngeal walls. This design also may allow improved vertical collapse/deformation of the oropharyngeal region, for example, allowing peristalsis type movement during swallowing. When provided in an oropharyngeal region of a patient for the treatment of sleep apnea and/or snoring, the appliance 110 is curved with a convex surface pressing against the tissues to be supported, particularly the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region and/or the base of the tongue.
The appliance 110 is structured to be self-expanding with a controlled length during such expansion. This may be achieved by suitable selection of super-elastic materials, such as Nitinol, and appropriate selection of strut length and other dimensions.
The appliance 110 may also be structured to have a relatively atraumatic nature of all surfaces thereof and of the curved end portions. In addition, the appliance 110 may be structured to exhibit the ability to be delivered in a minimal diameter access manner by rolling the appliance 110 onto itself within a catheter, cannula, inserter tube, and the like. The appliance 110 may be tailored to be effective in a variety of patients and in a variety of different body regions that may benefit from the consistent support provided by such an appliance. For example, the size and structure of the appliance 100 may be selected to accommodate a specific need. The amount of force provided by the appliance 100 may be modified by appropriate selection of the number of struts, width and/or thickness of struts, and/or surface area covered by the struts and/or the like factors. Generally, as the struts become thinner and take up less surface area, the appliance 110 may become more compliant and may move and/or flex with less radial force exerted thereby and/or may flex to a greater extent without permanent deformation. It is noted that a portion of appliance 110 may be modified such that it may function to anchor or secure the appliance in place. For example, an outer or peripheral strut 140a may be configured to achieve a "fluted" configuration (not shown). In some embodiments, although not shown, one or more of the struts may be shaped as wave forms or s-shapes. In yet other embodiments, although not shown, cushioned end members may be provided on the end portions 114 of the appliance 110 in order to enhance comfort and/or proper fit. An optional feature of the apparatus 110 is shown at 141 for facilitating anchoring of the apparatus 10k in the given position. More specifically, at least one of the struts 140b may be configured to form barbed portions 145 a and 145b for enhancing secure attachment of the appliance 110 to the posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region. It is also contemplated that other features or methods for securing the apparatus 10k in the given position may be provided. For example, surfaces of the apparatus 10k may be coated with a biologically compatible glue or adhesive.
FIG. 13 shows another apparatus 10m including appliance 210 for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring that may be generally similar to apparatus 10k. An additional feature shown on apparatus 10m is the addition of spacing portions 242, positioned and structured to maintain a spaced apart relationship between adjacent struts 240 when apparatus 10 is in the oropharyngeal region of a patient. Appliance 210 includes end portions 214 and body portion 212, also similar to the apparatus 10k.
FIGS. 14 and 15 show apparatus 1On and 1Op respectively, for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring that may also be similar to apparatus 10k and 10m, with the most significant distinction being that apparatus 1On and 1Op are substantially oval or elliptical rather than rectangular in shape. Apparatus 1On generally includes appliance 310 including rounded end portions 314 joined by an intermediate body portion 312, and a plurality of spaced apart struts 340. Apparatus 1Op generally includes appliance 410 including rounded end portions 414 joined by an intermediate body portion 412, and a plurality of spaced apart struts 440 and spacing portions 442.
FIG. 16 shows yet another apparatus 1Oq for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring that includes an appliance 510 having a substantially elliptical shape and including a plurality of bowed or arched struts 545 that converge at end portions 514.
Turning now specifically to FIGS. 17-21, additional alternative embodiments of implants or stents are shown. Like the embodiments shown in FIGS. 12-16, these embodiments are typically planar in structure when at rest and not deployed in the oropharyngeal region of a patient. Alternatively, these embodiments may be biased to a curved configuration, e.g., having a radius of curvature larger than the oropharyngeal region. A significant distinction between the embodiments shown in FIGS. 12-16 and the alternative embodiments shown in FIGS. 17-21, is that the latter embodiments are each defined a single continuous loop.
More specifically, FIG. 17 shows an apparatus 10s for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring including a substantially cross-shaped appliance 610, defined by a single loop element 612. The appliance 610 may be made, for example, from 0.010 inch to 0.024 inch diameter Nitinol superelastic round wire or cut, e.g., photoetched from a single sheet of material, such as a sheet of a Nitinol superelastic alloy material having a sheet thickness of about 0.010 inch to about 0.100 inch. The appliance 610 may have a lateral height H along a vertical axis of about ten millimeters (10 mm) to about fifty millimeters (50 mm), and a longitudinal length L along a horizontal axis of about forty millimeters (40 mm) to about ninety millimeters (90 mm) allowing an effective non-constrained diameter of greater than about thirty two millimeters (32 mm). As shown, the cross-shaped appliance 610 is substantially symmetrical about its vertical and horizontal axes. Appliance 610 includes vertical portions 616a and 616b each defining an angle α, and horizontal portions 618a and 618b each defining an angle β.
For purposes of example only, vertical portions 616a and 616b define a peak-to- peak measurement (i.e., height H) of about twenty five millimeters (25 mm), and horizontal portions 618a and 618b define a peak-to-peak measurement (i.e., length L) of about fifty millimeters (70 mm). Also for purposes of this specific example only, each of vertical portions 616a and 616b defines an angle α of about fifteen degrees (15°) and each of horizontal portions 618a and 618b defines an angle β of about six degrees (6°). Appliance 610 is structured to be placed in the oropharyngeal region in a position such that horizontal portions 618a and 618b rest against and provide support to the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region. The vertical axis of the apparatus 610, generally defined by vertical portions 616a and 616b, are disposed against or adjacent the posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region.
FIG. 18 shows yet another apparatus 1Ot for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring that may be similar to apparatus 10s in that it is defined by a single loop element 712 of round wire or cut from a single sheet of material, for example, a Nitinol alloy. A substantial distinction between apparatus 10s and apparatus 1Ot is that, rather than being a cross-shaped appliance 610, apparatus 1Ot includes a substantially X-shaped appliance 710 having a length L and a height H. Appliance 710 includes multiple leg portions 717a, 717b, 717c and 717d extending from a generally central region 720, wherein paired leg portions 717a and 717c and paired leg portions 717b and 717d, both define an angle φ.
For purposes of this specific example only, appliance 710 has a length L of about fifty millimeters (50 mm) and a height H of about twenty five millimeters (25 mm), and angle φ is about thirty six degrees (36°).
Appliance 710 is structured to be placed in the oropharyngeal region in a position such that leg portions 717a, 717b, 717c and 717d rest against and provide support to the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region, and the generally central portion 720 is disposed against or adjacent the posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region.
FIG. 19 shows yet another apparatus 1Ou for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring that may be similar to apparatus 10s in that it is defined by a single loop element 812 cut from a single sheet of material, for example, a Nitinol alloy. Apparatus 1Ou includes an appliance 810 having a relatively narrow, generally central body portion 814 (having height Hi) terminating at relatively wide end portions 816a and 816b (having height H2), and a length L. End portions 816a and 816b define angle γ as shown.
For purposes of this specific example only, appliance 810 may have a length L of about fifty millimeters (50 mm), a height Hi of about ten millimeters (10 mm), a height H2 of about thirty five millimeters (35 mm), and an angle γ of about seventy five degrees (75°). Element 812 may have a width Wi at generally central portion 814 and a width W2 of about five millimeters (5 mm) at end portions 816a and 816b.
Appliance 810 is structured to be placed in the oropharyngeal region in a position such that end portions 816a and 816b rest against and provide support to the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region, and the generally central body portion 814 is disposed against or adjacent the posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region.
FIG. 20 shows yet another apparatus 1Ov for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring that includes an appliance 910 defined by an endless loop element 912, and including a generally central body portion 914, and multiple end portions 916a, 916b, 916c and 916d. As shown, adjacent end portions define an angle η. Appliance 910 further includes a vertical portion 950 that defines an angle δ.
Appliance 910 is structured to be placed in the oropharyngeal region in a position such that multiple end portions 916a, 916b, 916c and 916d rest against and provide support to the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region, and the generally central body portion 914 is disposed against or adjacent the posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region.
FIG. 21 shows yet another apparatus 10w for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring that includes an appliance 1010 that is somewhat similar to appliance 910 in that appliance 1010 includes a generally central body portion 1014 and multiple end portions 1016a,
1016b, 1016c and 1016d. Appliance 1010 has somewhat different proportions, including a relatively wide upper central portion 1019 that is configured to provide enhanced tissue support to portions of the posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region, relative to tissue support provided by appliance 910. FIGS. 22-23 show other embodiments of implants or stents for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring. Like the embodiments shown in FIGS. 12-21, these embodiments are typically planar in structure or curved to a diameter in excess of thirty two millimeters (32 mm) when at rest and not deployed in the oropharyngeal region of a patient.
FIG. 22 shows an apparatus 10x including a substantially symmetrical appliance 1110 including a substantially linear body portion 1112 and a plurality of struts 1118 extending from the body portion 1112, for providing support to the oropharyngeal tissues. The number and length of struts 1118 may be selected based on a particular patient need or other parameters. For purposes of example only, appliance 1110 may have an upper portion 1120 having about two pairs of struts 1118 defining a tip to tip length Li of about forty two millimeters (42 mm), and a lower portion 1122 having about five pairs of struts 1118 defining a tip to tip length L2 of about sixty two millimeters (62 mm).
FIG. 23 shows an apparatus 1Oy that is similar to apparatus 10x. The most signifϊcant distinction is that apparatus 1Oy includes an appliance 1210 including a body portion 1212 and struts 1218 that are offset from one another along body portion 1212.
Turning to FIG. 24, another embodiment of an apparatus 1Oz is shown that is generally similar to apparatus 10a through apparatus 10x in that apparatus 1Oz is structured to be effective in maintaining patency of the airway of a patient 1, for example, the oropharyngeal region Ia of a patient. However, apparatus 1Oz is specifically structured to be at least partially, and in some cases substantially entirely submucosally, implantable into the pharyngeal region, for example the oropharyngeal region, of the patient. Apparatus 1Oz, more clearly shown in FIG. 25, includes a single elongated element
1401 having end portions, for example, rounded end portions 1406 and a body portion 1408 extending or connected therebetween.
As shown, end portions 1406 are structured to facilitate implantation, for example, surgical implantation, of the element 1401. For example, end portions 1406 may include appropriately sized apertures 1410 for receiving suturing thread. The element 1401 may have a rounded cross-section such as shown in FIG. 25 A, or a polygonal cross section, for example a rectangular cross section, such as shown in FIG. 25B.
Referring to FIG. 25, element 1401 may have a length L between about fifty millimeters (50 mm) and about seventy millimeters (70 mm) and a width W between about two millimeters (2 mm) or less and about six millimeters (6 mm). Dimensions of the appliance 1400 may be at least in part based upon, for example, the size or diameter of the patient's pharyngeal region and the specific portion of the pharyngeal region to be supported by the apparatus 1Oz. A typical area of support as mentioned elsewhere herein, is the area encompassing, at least, a portion of one or more of the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region.
Appliance 1400 may be formed fromNitinol or other suitable, flexible, elastic biocompatible material, e.g., as discussed elsewhere herein.
Turning now to FIG. 26, appliance 1400 is shown sized to be placed at least partially circumscribing an interior hollow passage (representing a cross-section of the airway of the patient) defining the pharyngeal region. This view (as well as views shown in FIG. 27 and FIG. 28) is a simplified representation of a cross-section of the oropharyngeal region Ia, with posterior wall 2d and anterior wall 2g, (which includes the base 2f of the tongue 2a) and opposing right and left lateral walls 2b. This placement of appliance 1400 is effective in providing support to the lateral walls 2b of the oropharyngeal region Ia. The appliance 1400 is shown substantially entirely submucosally implanted.
Turning now to FIG. 27, appliance 1400 is shown sized to be placed circumscribing, at least one full circumference of, the interior hollow space defined by the pharyngeal region. In this case, the appliance 1400 is sized to traverse the base 2f of the tongue 2a, for example, beneath the mucosal tissue thereof. The appliance 1400 is shown partially submucosally implanted.
FIG. 24A shows another apparatus, generally at 10za that is substantially similar to apparatus 1Oz, except that apparatus 10za includes an appliance 1400a including a plurality of elongated, spaced apart elements, for example at least two, or three, or even more spaced apart elements 1401a, 1401b, and 1401c, depending upon the specific needs of a particular patient. Except as indicated elsewhere herein, it is to be appreciated that elements 1401a, 1401b and 1401c are structured to be placed, for example, at least partially submucosally, implanted in a manner as described hereinabove with respect to element 1401.
Each element 1401a, 1401b, and 1401c may be substantially, entirely independent, or unitary, in structure with respect to each other element 1401a, 1401b, and 1401c. Alternatively, the multiple elements 1401a, 1401b, and 1401c may be secured to each other by suitable means, for example, suturing, wire, ribbon or the like, for substantially maintaining the spaced apart relationship between the elements 1401a, 1401b, 1401c when the elements 1401a, 1401b, 1401c are positioned within and secured to the oropharyngeal region.
In another embodiment, a method is provided for maintaining patency of an oropharyngeal region. Particularly, the method may include at least partially submucosally placing at least one elongated element within the pharyngeal region, for example, within the oropharyngeal region in one or more strategic locations, wherein the placement thereof may cause the region to be stiffened or strengthened against collapse during natural sleep. To illustrate another optional feature of the apparatus described herein, FIG. 28 shows a simplified view of the oropharyngeal region Ia of a patient, having apparatus 10zb submucosally implanted therein. Apparatus 10zb includes one or more magnetic components 1500a and 1500b, structured and designed to be effective to provide a magnetic field useful for providing gentle, substantially constant and continuous resistance against collapse of the pharyngeal walls, particularly the lateral walls 2b of the oropharyngeal region Ia, for example during natural sleep, while allowing substantially normal functioning of the pharyngeal region, for example during swallowing.
In the example shown, the two magnetic components 1500a, 1500b are strategically placed within the oropharyngeal region Ia such that like magnetic poles (i.e., repellant magnetic poles) are positioned substantially facing one another to create a magnetically repellant force therebetween (indicated in simplified form by arrows 1502). The repellant force caused by the strategically placed magnetic components 1500a and 1500b is effective for providing an opening force within the oropharyngeal region, thereby maintaining patency of the region during natural sleep while still allowing constriction of the region during swallowing.
FIG. 29A through FIG. 29E show various views of another embodiment of an apparatus 2010, which generally includes an implant, stent, or appliance 2012. Optionally, the apparatus 2010 may include other features, such as the needle 2030 and suture 2032 shown in FIG. 29G or other delivery device (not shown), as described elsewhere herein. As shown in FIG. 29B, the appliance 2012 has a generally "bow-tie" shape in a generally vertical direction, i.e., along a vertical axis 2016, as best seen in FIG. 29B. In addition, the apparatus 2012 has a curved shape in a generally horizontal plane that intersects the vertical axis 2016, as best seen in FIG. 29C. The appliance 2012 generally includes a vertically narrow central region 2018 flanked by vertically wide or broadened first and second regions 2020, i.e., generally defining the "bow-tie" shape. As shown in FIG. 29C, within the horizontal plane, the central region 2018 may curve around vertical axis 2016, and the broadened regions 2020 may curve away from the vertical axis 2016. Alternatively, as shown in FIGS. 31A-31D, the central region 2018" and the broadened regions 2020" may both curve around the vertical axis 2016," e.g., in a substantially continuous "C" shaped curve, which may be a portion of a circle or ellipse.
Optionally, one or both broadened regions 2020 may terminate in a rounded tip 2021, e.g., that may be vertically narrower than the broadened regions 2020 and/or vertically narrower than the central region 2018. In addition or alternatively, the tip(s) 2021 may curve relative to the broadened regions 2020, e.g., curving away from the vertical axis 2016 within the horizontal plane. As shown, the tips 2021 curve within the horizontal plane at a tighter radius of curvature than the broadened regions 2020, as shown in FIG. 29C.
As best seen in FIG. 29B, the appliance 2012 may be formed from a unitary, continuous, closed loop element 2014 surrounding and/or substantially enclosing an open area 2022, e.g., made from a round, square, or other cross-section loop of wire loop. For example, a wire may be bent or otherwise formed into the desired shape and the ends may be coupled to one another, e.g., butt welded or soldered, sonic welded, heat sealed, fused, bonded with adhesive, crimped within a collar, captured within a section of shrink tubing, and the like, depending upon the material of the wire used. The wire may be heat treated or otherwise treated to program in the desired shape and/or impart the desired elasticity and/or other properties into the resulting apparatus 2010. Alternatively, the apparatus 2010 may be formed from a sheet of material, e.g., by laser cutting, machining, etching, and the like, before or after programming a desired shape into the sheet.
Turning to FIG. 29E, the apparatus 2010 may be structured to be surgically placed in a oropharyngeal region of a patient, generally designated as "OR." As can be seen in Fig 29E, a simplified perspective view of the oropharyngeal region OR is shown, showing posterior wall PW, anterior wall AW, and lateral walls LW of the oropharyngeal region OR.
It can be appreciated from FIG. 29E that the broadened regions 2020 of the appliance 2012 arc outwardly from the generally central region 2018. Broadened regions 2020 may be shaped to generally conform to the natural contours of the oropharynx and/or to provide support thereto. When properly implanted, the broadened regions 2020 may be located beneath the mucosal layer of the posterior and/or lateral oropharyngeal walls or may simply abut the posterior and/or later oropharyngeal walls, as described elsewhere herein. Optionally, the narrow tips 2021 may have an enhanced bias relative to the broadened regions 2020, e.g., to enhance securing the appliance 2010 within the oropharyngeal region OR.
As best seen in FIG. 29B, the portions of the wire defining the broadened regions 2020 may extend at least partially laterally or diagonally relative to the longitudinal axis 2016. For example, the broadened regions 2020 may include curved portions extending from the tips 2021 diagonally relative to the vertical axis 2016. Such lateral portions may facilitate collapsing the broadened regions 2020 when the appliance 2012 is directed through a relatively small opening, such as a puncture through a ligament or other tissue structure, as described elsewhere herein.
The appliance 2012 may be sufficiently resilient and/or elastic such that the broadened regions 2020 may be collapsed vertically from their relaxed state (shown in FIG. 29B), e.g., when directed through a relatively small opening, yet biased to resiliently expand back towards the relaxed state after passing through the opening. The portion of the open area 2022 within the broadened regions 2020 may define a relatively large surface area, which may enhance apposition between the broadened regions 2020 and adjacent tissue, as described elsewhere herein.
Alternatively, the broadened regions 2020 may have different shapes than that shown. For example, the broadened regions may have diamond shapes in the relaxed state, e.g., extending between the central region and the narrow tips. In another alternative, the broadened regions may have circular or elliptical shapes, e.g., with or without the narrow tips. In still another alternative, the broadened regions may have generally triangular shapes, e.g., within one of the apices of the triangles oriented towards the central region and bases of the triangles defining ends of the appliance. In yet another alternative, the broadened regions may have generally rectangular, square, or other geometric shapes that are larger than the narrower central region.
Optionally, as shown in FIG. 29F, the open area 2022' of the appliance 2010' may be covered, for example, with a mesh, fabric, braid, membrane or other material. The material may include any of the material described elsewhere herein, e.g., such as those from which the appliance 2010' may be formed, or other materials, such as Dacron® and the like. Such material may enhance tissue ingrowth after implantation. Optionally, the material may be coated or otherwise provided with therapeutic or other compounds, e.g., to enhance tissue ingrowth, healing, and the like.
Optionally, as shown in FIG. 29G, a needle 2030 may be coupled to one of the narrow tips 2021, e.g., by a suture or other filament 2032 to provide a system for delivering the appliance 2010 into the oropharyngeal region OR (not shown, see FIG. 29F). As described further below, the needle 2030 may have a "U" or other shape to facilitate introduction through a ligament or other tissue structure adjacent the oropharyngeal region OR or other implantation site. The suture 2032 may be a double suture looped through the narrow tip 2021 such that, the suture 2032 may be cut or otherwise severed at one location to allow the suture 2032 and needle 2030 to be removed, e.g., after implanting the appliance 2010, as described further below.
Alternatively, other delivery devices (not shown) may be provided for facilitating delivery of the appliance 2012, e.g., depending upon the target location for implantation. For example, a catheter, cannula, or other tubular member (not shown) may be provided within which the appliance 2012 may be loaded, e.g., after manufacturing or immediately before implantation. For example, a suture, tool, and the like (also not shown) may be coupled to one of the narrow tips 2021 and used to pull the appliance 2012 into a lumen of a first end of a cannula, the broadened regions 2020 being resiliently compressed as the appliance 2012 is pulled therein. As the appliance 2012 is pulled into the cannula, the appliance 2012 may also be substantially straightened within the horizontal plane. The appliance 2012 may be dep lovable from the cannula using a plunger or other pusher device within the cannula, e.g., adjacent the narrow tip 2021 used to pull the appliance 2012 into the cannula. Alternatively, another suture, tool, and the like may be coupled to the narrow tip 2021 closest to the first end of the cannula and used to pull the appliance 2012 back out of the cannula, whereupon the broadened regions 2020 may resiliently expand.
Referring now to FIGS. 30A-30D, a generally "bowtie" shaped appliance 2012, such as those shown in FIGS. 29A-29F, may be designed to be surgically implanted into an oropharyngeal region OR of a patient using direct visualization and a curved, e.g., "U" shaped, needle 2030 and suture 2032, such as that shown in FIG. 29G. The suture 2032 may be tied to or otherwise coupled to either narrow tip 2021 of the appliance 2012, e.g., by looping the suture 2032 around the wire of the appliance 2012 and through an eye of the needle 2030, and securing the ends together. Alternatively, one end of a suture may be attached to the narrow tip 2021 using a knot, for example, one that is tapered and will easily come apart when cut (e.g. a "fisherman's" knot), and the other end of a suture may be attached to the needle 2030, e.g., also by knotting.
During use, the needle 2030 (not shown, see FIG. 29G) may be introduced into the posterior wall of the oropharynx, for example at about one to four centimeters (1-4 cm) above the epiglottis (not shown), and approximately 0.2 cm lateral to the centerline CL. The needle 2030 is then pushed through or behind the anterior longitudinal ligament (ALL) located anterior to the spine 2019 so that it emerges from the tissue at the same distance above the epiglottis and approximately 0.2 cm from the centerline on the side opposite that where the needle was introduced, thereby creating passage or opening OP. The needle 2030 is then pulled out of the tissue along with sufficient length of suture 2032 to allow it to be grasped and used to pull the appliance 2012 through or behind the ligament (ALL). Significant resistance on the needle and suture as they are pulled through the tissue provides assurance that they have passed through or behind the ligament (ALL). With particular reference to FIGS. 30C and 30D, using the suture 2030, one half of the appliance 2012 is then pulled through the opening OP through or behind the ligament (ALL) with the curve of the central region 2018 facing in the anterior direction. Initially, the first narrow tip 2021a is pulled through or behind the ligament, which may cause the narrow tip 2021a to compress vertically to pass through the opening created by the needle 2030 (the size of the opening OP shown not being to scale merely for clarity). As best shown in FIG. 30C, as the first broadened region2020a is pulled through or behind the ligament (ALL), the design of the appliance 2012 allows the broadened region 2020a to compress vertically, e.g., into a collapsed configuration, to facilitate passage through the opening OP. As shown in FIG. 30D, once the broadened region 2020a passes completely through or behind the ligament (ALL), the broadened region2020a may resiliently expand towards its relaxed state.
The appliance 2012 may be self locating, e.g., in that it is shaped and structured to gently unfold or spring into its appropriate position once it has been correctly placed. The suture 2032 is then cut and removed, leaving the appliance 2012 in position such that its central region 2018 remains within the opening OP through or behind the ligament (ALL). The portions of the loop element 2014 defining the central region 2018 may extend substantially parallel to one another in or behind the ligament (ALL), and the two broadened regions 2020 may rest against the surface of the mucosal layer of the posterior and lateral walls PW of the oropharyngeal region on both sides of the anterior longitudinal ligament. The most lateral ends of the appliance 2012 may also rest against the tongue.
Within a period of time, for example, within about one week, or two weeks or longer, after the surgical implantation, most or all of the appliance 2012 becomes submucosalized, such as shown in FIG. 30B, such that the appliance 2012 resides within the walls of the oropharyngeal region. No longer exposed on the interior surface of the pharyngeal walls, the appliance 2012 has essentially become an internal support structure which underlies the outer mucosal layer. Optionally, if desired, the appliance 2012 may subsequently be removed from the patient, e.g., using a similar procedure used for implantation. For example, a tool (not shown) may be used to grab or otherwise be coupled to one of the narrow tips 2021, and the tip 2021 may be pulled to direct the opposite broadened region 2020 back through or behind the ligament (ALL). As the broadened region 2020 passes through or behind the ligament (ALL), the broadened region 2020 may again be compressed vertically, similar to that shown in FIG. 30C, until the broadened region 2020 is pulled completely through or behind the ligament (ALL), whereupon the entire appliance 2021 may be removed. In an exemplary embodiment, an appliance 2012, such as that shown in FIGS. 29A-29E, may be selected for implantation in a patient. For example, the appliance 2012 may be made from 0.020" diameter round Nitinol wire and may have a length, i.e., from narrow tip 2021 to narrow tip 2021 along the horizontal plane, of about forty centimeters (40 mm).
The appliance may be inserted into the patient, while she is under general anesthesia, e.g., by a physician using direct visualization techniques, and a curved, U- shaped needle 2030 and suture 2032, as shown in FIG. 29G. A suture end opposite the needle 2030 may be tied to either extreme tip 2021 of the appliance 2012 using a knot (not shown) that may easily come apart when cut, for example, a fisherman's knot. The curved needle is introduced into the posterior wall of the patient's pharynx at about two centimeters (2.0 cm) to about two and a half centimeters (2.5 cm) above the epiglottis and approximately 0.2 cm lateral to the centerline. The needle is then carefully pushed through the anterior longitudinal ligament so that it emerges from the tissue at the same distance above the epiglottis and approximately 0.2 cm from the centerline of the side opposite that where it was introduced. The needle is pulled out of the tissue along with sufficient length of suture to allow it to be grasped and used to pull the appliance through the anterior longitudinal ligament, e.g., as described above with reference to FIGS. 20A- 3OD. Significant resistance on the needle 2030 and suture 2032 as they are pulled through the tissue may indicate that they have passed through the anterior longitudinal ligament. Using the suture 2032, one half of the appliance 2012 is then pulled through the anterior longitudinal ligament using the most lateral narrow tip 2021 to facilitate introduction and with the curved, central region 2018 facing in the anterior direction. While the appliance 2012 is being pulled through the tissue, the appliance 2012 may compress vertically, e.g., into a narrow, substantially linear delivery configuration that facilitates passage through the tissue. The appliance 2012 automatically unfolds or opens to regain its resting configuration once passed through the anterior longitudinal ligament. The suture 2032 is then cut and removed, leaving the appliance 2012 in position such that its central region 2018 rests in the anterior longitudinal ligament and the broadened regions 2020 rest against the surface of the mucosal layer of the posterior and lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region on both sides of the anterior longitudinal ligament. The appliance 2012 thus may make approximately a one hundred eighty degree (180°) rotation around the posterior oropharynx. Alternatively, in some instances, it may be more desirable for the appliance 2012 to be placed around or behind the anterior longitudinal ligament rather than being inserted through the ligament. The appliance 2012 may also extend beyond one hundred eighty degrees (180°), e.g., to provide resistance against posterior collapse of the tongue. After the appliance 2012 has been implanted and its position checked and verified to be acceptable, the procedure may be completed and the patient observed using conventional procedures. After time, the appliance 2012 may become submucosalized, e.g., as shown in
FIG. 30B. Upon subsequent direct examination of the patient, for example, it may be found that the broadened regions 2020 of the appliance 2012 on both sides of the anterior longitudinal ligament are not visible against the surfaces of the right and left oropharyngeal wall. Thus, the appliance 2012 may be located beneath the outer mucosal layer.
After the patient recovers from the surgery, she may no longer notice the presence of the appliance 2012 in her throat, even upon swallowing. Moreover, the patient may be able to achieve greater quality sleep at night due the implant, which may increase the patient's energy, e.g., during ordinary activities during the day.
In another embodiment, the apparatus may include an element that provides a magnetic opening force against collapsing pharyngeal, for example, oropharyngeal, tissues. For example, the apparatus may include an appliance, such as those described elsewhere herein, that is at least partially magnetized. More specifically, the apparatus may include two or more magnetic elements having like poles facing one another to create a magnetic field that may be utilized to provide a useful opening force to the pharyngeal, for example, oropharyngeal, region. In yet another aspect, methods are provided for maintaining patency of a pharyngeal region, for example, the oropharyngeal region, in order to substantially reduce the occurrence of sleep apnea and/or snoring. These methods may include one or more of supporting, strengthening, reinforcing, and/or stiffening tissues of the region that are subject to collapse during natural sleep. For example, this may be accomplished by using one or more of the following: injecting an agent into the tissues, e.g., to cause partial necrosis of portions of the tissues in the region, thereby stiffening the region; injecting a liquid or gel agent into the tissues that solidifies within the tissues to provide a reinforcement against collapse of the region; mechanically or chemically irritating the tissues to cause a tissue reaction that firms the tissues of the region; and/or applying a wave energy to the tissues to cause a tissue reaction that firms the tissues of the region, for example, but not limited to ultrasonic energy, radio frequency energy, thermal energy (either adding thermal energy to the tissues or chilling the tissue by removing thermal energy). Combinations of two or more of these steps may be advantageously employed. An exemplary method for maintaining patency of a pharyngeal region generally includes providing an implant, for example elongated element 1401 shown in FIGS. 24 and 25, in a substantially flat or precurved configuration. The implant may include a body portion and end portions spaced apart by the body portion. The implant may be implanted, at least partially submucosally, within the pharyngeal region, e.g., within the oropharyngeal region, such that the implant is effective to provide a substantially constant force against at least a portion of each of the lateral walls of the region.
The step of implanting may include implanting the implant into the pharyngeal region such that the implant is substantially entirely submucosally implanted in the pharyngeal region. For example, the member may be implanted into oropharyngeal tissues, e.g., directly beneath the mucosal layer, by using a curved surgical needle to weave the member into and beneath the submucosal tissue.
In a related method, the method may include implanting an appliance, such as appliance 2012 shown in FIGS. 29A-29E, into the pharyngeal region of a patient, in a location generally adjacent the epiglottis. The appliance 2012 may be implanted through the lateral pharyngeal walls such that the appliance 2012 is located with broadened regions 2020 of the appliance 2012 overlying the lateral walls and generally narrow central region 2018 is located posterior to the pharynx, such as shown in FIG. 29E and FIG. 30A. The method further includes placing the appliance 2012 at the surface of the mucosa with pressure against the mucosa allowing the appliance 2012 to submucosalize into the pharyngeal walls over a period of days or weeks as seen in FIG. 30B.
In another embodiment, a method is provided that includes providing an apparatus in the oropharyngeal region of the human or animal, for purposes other than surgery. The apparatus may be effective in treating sleep apnea and/or snoring and/or in maintaining patency of the oropharyngeal region during natural sleep of the human or animal, without causing substantial interference with one or more natural functions of the epiglottis.
Each of the apparatus for treating sleep apnea and/or snoring described and shown elsewhere herein are suitable for use in any of the methods described herein. It is to be appreciated, however, that the apparatus used for performing the methods described herein may take other forms as well. For example, it is contemplated herein that a conventional stent may be used in maintaining the airway in the pharyngeal region, for example, the oropharyngeal region in an open state, and such use is considered to be within the scope of the methods described herein. The apparatus used in the methods described herein may be devices, for example but not limited to, a conventional stent, sized and structured for placement in another region of the human or animal other than the pharyngeal region, for example, the oropharyngeal region.
In another embodiment, a method for maintaining patency of a pharyngeal region of a patient includes providing an apparatus in a first configuration, for example a rolled, coiled, or otherwise compressed configuration; inserting the apparatus into the oropharyngeal region, for example through the oral or nasal cavity of the patient while the apparatus is in the compressed configuration; and, thereafter, allowing the apparatus to reconfϊgure or expand towards its original relaxed configuration, for example, defining a substantially cuff shape, C-shape, or other suitable deployed configuration, within the oropharyngeal region.
Any suitable deployment assembly useful for inserting the apparatus through the mouth or oral cavity, or nasal cavity of a patient and into the oropharyngeal region may be utilized in accordance with the methods described herein.
For example, a suitable deployment assembly includes an outer tube (e.g., about ten millimeters (10 mm) diameter) and inner tube (e.g., about eight millimeters (8 mm) diameter) disposed within the outer tube (not shown). A retaining clip may be used to fix the tubes in place with respect to each other. The appliance, for example in a rolled configuration or an axially compressed and/or substantially straightened configuration, may be provided within the outer tube at a distal portion thereof. Graspers, having a manually manipulable proximal portion may be provided through the tubes for assisting in positioning or removal of the appliance. During insertion through the mouth or oral cavity of the patient, the deployment assembly may be advanced past the tongue of the patient until the inner diameter of the outer tube and the rolled appliance passes into the oropharyngeal region. The retaining clip may then be removed from the inner tube. The graspers may be used to facilitate repositioning of the appliance as necessary or desirable. The appliance may be deployed by retraction of the outer tube relative to the inner tube. Optionally, if desired or necessary, the graspers may be used subsequently to remove the appliance if desired.
In a more specific embodiment, the following method is provided. This method generally includes providing a flat or pre-curved member (for example, appliance 110, 210, 310, 410, 510, 610, 710, 810 910, 1010, 1110 or 1120 shown in the drawings), pulling end portions of the flat or pre-curved member together to form a folded member and holding or temporarily securing the end portions together by means of a grasper, clamp, hemostat, suture (for example, a bioresorbable suture), and/or suitable means for temporarily holding the end portions together in contact with one another. The method further includes placing the member in the folded or pinched configuration, into the oropharyngeal region, for example by way of the oral or nasal cavity of the patient, and releasing the end portions, thereby allowing the member to expand radially within the oropharyngeal region to provide a substantially constant radial force against the lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region and/or the base of the tongue.
The method may further include the step of repositioning the member while the member is located within the oropharyngeal region and/or the step of removing the member therefrom. This may be accomplished by folding the member into a rolled or pinched configuration and withdrawing the member from the body region.
In another embodiment, a patient may be treated, e.g., who experiences snoring with apneic pauses, severe daytime hypersomnolence with narcolepsy, and the like. If desired, a polysomnography may be performed, e.g., to indicate a Respiratory Disturbance Index (RDI) for the patient, which may show severe desaturation, bradycardia, and/or partial or complete absence of stage 3, stage 4, and REM sleep.
An implant, such as appliance 1400 shown in FIG.25 may be selected, e.g., having a length of about seventy millimeters (70 mm), a width of about 1.0 mm, and a thickness of about 0.0075 inches (about 0.2mm), for submucosal implantation.
Under general or local anesthesia, e.g., using direct laryngoscopy techniques, the appliance 1400 may be introduced into the submucosal tissues beginning in the right lateral pharyngeal region, particularly the right lateral oropharyngeal region. The appliance may be introduced submucosally using a curved surgical needle that may be used to pull the appliance into the tissues in a manner that causes the appliance to be substantially concealed within the tissues, with little or no exposure of any portion of the appliance postsurgically.
The appliance may be guided medially and inferiorly, traveling around the posterior oropharyngeal region and ultimately into the submucosal tissues of the tongue base. The tongue base is then traversed and the appliance is brought back along the right lateral oropharyngeal wall. The appliance thus makes at least one complete rotation around the pharynx.
In another embodiment, an implant, such as appliance 1400 shown in FIG. 25, may be selected for implantation in a patient. In this example, the appliance 1400 is made from Nitinol and has a length of about forty millimeters (40 mm), a width of 1.25 mm and a thickness of about 0.5 mm. Under general or local anesthesia, e.g., using direct laryngoscopy techniques, the appliance may be introduced into the submucosal tissues beginning in the right lateral oropharyngeal region. The appliance is then guided medially and inferiorly, traveling around the posterior oropharyngeal region and ultimately into the submucosal tissues of the left lateral oropharynx. The appliance does not traverse the tongue. The appliance thus makes about a one hundred eighty degree (180°) rotation around the oropharynx.
While this invention has been described with respect to various specific examples and embodiments, it is to be understood that the invention is not limited thereto and that it can be variously practiced within the scope of the following claims.
1. An apparatus for implantation within an oropharyngeal region adjacent a ligament, comprising: an implant comprising a substantially continuous loop structure comprising a curved central region between first and second regions in a horizontal plane; the first and second regions being compressible towards one another such that the implant defines a generally "C" shape about a vertical axis extending from the horizontal plane, the first and second regions being biased to open away from the vertical axis within the horizontal plane such that the first and second regions apply a force to dilate tissue adjacent the oropharyngeal region when the implant is disposed within the oropharyngeal region; the central region of the implant being vertically narrow relative to the first and second regions, at least one of the first and second regions being compressible vertically to allow the at least one of the first and second regions to be directed through or behind the ligament adjacent the oropharyngeal region such that the central region is disposed within or behind the ligament, the at least one of the first and second regions being resiliently expandable after passing through or behind the ligament.
2. The implant of claim 1, wherein the at least one of the first and second regions terminates in vertically narrow tip to facilitate introduction of the at least one of the first and second regions through or behind the ligament.
3. The implant of claim 1, further comprising a filament coupled to the at least one of the first and second regions, a free end of the filament being advanceable through or behind the ligament for guiding the at least one of the first and second regions through or behind the ligament.
4. The implant of claim 3, further comprising a needle coupled to the free end of the filament, the needle having a sharpened tip for penetrating through or behind the ligament for advancing the filament through or behind the ligament.
5. The implant of claim 1, wherein the central region of the implant is biased to curve around the vertical axis, and wherein the first and second regions are biased to curve away from the vertical axis within the horizontal plane.
6. The implant of claim 1, wherein the central region and the first and second regions are biased to curve around the vertical axis within the horizontal plane.
7. The implant of claim 6, wherein the central region and the first and second regions are biased to a radius of curvature greater than sixteen millimeters.
8. A system for treating sleep apnea, snoring, or other breathing disorders within an oropharyngeal region adjacent a ligament, comprising: an implant including a curved central region between first and second regions within a horizontal plane; and a needle coupled to the first end region by a filament for insertion through a ligament adjacent an oropharyngeal region; the central region being vertically narrow relative to the first and second regions, at least the first region being compressible vertically to allow the first region to be directed through or behind the ligament adjacent the oropharyngeal region when the needle and filament are inserted through or behind the ligament such that the central region is disposed within or behind the ligament, the first region being resiliently expandable after passing through or behind the ligament.
9. The system of claim 8, wherein the first and second regions are compressible towards one another within the horizontal plane such that the implant defines a generally "C" shape about a vertical axis extending from the horizontal plane, the first and second regions being biased to open away from the vertical axis within the horizontal plane such that the first and second regions apply a force to dilate tissue adjacent the oropharyngeal region when the implant is disposed within the oropharyngeal region.
10. An apparatus for treating at least one of sleep apnea and snoring in a human or an animal having an oropharyngeal region, the apparatus comprising: an appliance sized and structured to be placed in the oropharyngeal region and being effective in treating at least one of sleep apnea and snoring, the appliance comprising substantially opposing elongated elements together forming an open configuration, each of the elongated elements having a generally centrally located region that is substantially more closely spaced apart from the other elongated element than any other region of the elongated element.
11. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the open configuration is a double concave loop configuration.
14. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the appliance is compressible to a constrained configuration when being introduced into an oropharyngeal region, and is biased to a relaxed configuration when the appliance is so placed in an oropharyngeal region that is larger than the constrained configuration.
15. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the appliance is structured to substantially conform to the posterior and lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region.
18. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein each of the elongated elements includes outwardly extending regions located at first and second ends of each elongated element, the outwardly extending regions being located substantially further spaced apart from the other elongated element than the generally centrally located region.
19. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the appliance is structured such that the generally centrally located regions of each elongated element are located through or behind the anterior longitudinal ligament of the spine and the outwardly extending regions are located against the right and left posterior and lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region when the apparatus is deployed.
20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the outwardly extending regions have a structure that promotes mucosalization over the outwardly extending regions when the appliance is deployed.
21. The apparatus of claim 18, wherein the outwardly extending regions have a structure that enables the first and second ends of each of the outwardly extending regions to be located at or in close proximity to the base of the tongue in the anterior portion of the oropharyngeal region.
22. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the appliance is structured to be collapsible to assume a deformed configuration for facilitating delivery of the appliance into the oropharyngeal region.
24. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the appliance has a length between about thirty millimeters (30 mm) and about one hundred millimeters (100 mm).
25. The apparatus of claim 24, wherein the appliance has a height between about forty millimeters (40 mm) and about ninety millimeters (90 mm).
26. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the appliance includes enlarged end portions having a height between about ten millimeters (10 mm) and about fifty millimeters (50 mm).
27. The apparatus of claim 10, wherein the appliance includes enlarged end portions configured to rest against the mucosal layer of the posterior oropharyngeal region and on opposing lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region and that are substantially symmetrical in the longitudinal dimension across the posterior and lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region.
29. The method of claim 28, wherein the implant comprises a endless loop defining the central region and the first and second regions that are relatively wider than the central region.
30. The method of claim 28, further comprising inserting a needle through or behind the ligament to create the opening, the needle being coupled to the first region by a filament such that the first region is introduced through the opening by pulling the filament after the needle is inserted through or behind the ligament.
31. The method of claim 28, wherein introducing the first region through the opening comprises passing the first region into a lateral or posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region and through or adjacent the ligament.
33. A method for controlling sleep apnea or snoring in a human or animal having an oropharyngeal region and an anterior longitudinal ligament, the method comprising: providing a flexible, resilient appliance sized and structured to be positioned in an oropharyngeal region of a patient, the appliance comprising substantially opposing elongated elements together forming a loop having a generally narrow central region and first and second end regions that are relatively wider than the central region; introducing the appliance into the oropharyngeal region by passing the appliance into a lateral or posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region and through or adjacent the anterior longitudinal ligament of the patient such that, upon the appliance being so positioned in the oropharyngeal region, the generally narrow central region is at least partially beneath the posterior wall of the oropharyngeal region and the first and second end portions are located against or within the posterior and right and left lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region.
34. The method of claim 33, further comprising allowing or causing the apparatus to undergo mucosalization to become at least partially covered by mucosal tissue within the posterior and right and left lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region.
35. The method of claim 34, wherein the allowing or causing step results in the first and second end regions of the appliance being substantially entirely covered with mucosal tissue in the posterior and right and left lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region.
36. The method of claim 33, wherein introducing the appliance comprises positioning the appliance such that the generally narrow central portion of the appliance is located within the anterior longitudinal ligament.
37. The method of claim 33, wherein the appliance has a resiliency that allows the appliance to be collapsed into a substantially linear configuration during introduction into the oropharyngeal region.
38. The method of claim 33, wherein the appliance is substantially self- positioning once the appliance has been introduced into the oropharyngeal region.
39. The method of claim 33, wherein the appliance has flexibility and resiliency that allow the appliance to be introduced into an oropharyngeal region through an incision of less than about five millimeters (5 mm).
40. The method of claim 33, wherein introducing the appliance comprises using a curved surgical needle.
41. The method of claim 33, wherein introducing the appliance comprises introducing the appliance into a right or left posterior oropharyngeal wall at a location spaced apart from a centerline of the posterior oropharyngeal region and emerging out from the contralateral posterior oropharyngeal wall at a location substantially equally spaced apart from the centerline.
46. The method of claim 45, wherein the appliance is placed in the oropharyngeal region of a patient so that the end portions of the appliance are located against right and left lateral walls of the oropharyngeal region and the end portions are positioned so that they are in close proximity to the base of the tongue, the appliance supporting the base of the tongue against collapse into the oropharyngeal region.
EP20070799378 2006-07-06 2007-07-06 Apparatus and methods for treating sleep apnea Withdrawn EP2037850A2 (en)
US8371308B2 (en) * 2009-02-17 2013-02-12 Ethicon, Inc. Magnetic implants and methods for treating an oropharyngeal condition
US9802017B2 (en) 2012-03-27 2017-10-31 Koninklijke Philips N.V. Facial mask with custom-manufactured cushion element, and associated method
US7992566B2 (en) * 2002-12-30 2011-08-09 Quiescence Medical, Inc. Apparatus and methods for treating sleep apnea
US20080066766A1 (en) 2008-03-20 Implantable devices, systems, and methods for maintaining desired orientations in targeted tissue regions
US20090044814A1 (en) 2009-02-19 Implantable devices, systems, and methods for maintaining desired orientations in targeted tissue regions
US20100030011A1 (en) 2010-02-04 Magnetic implants for treating obstructive sleep apnea and methods therefor
G06Q—DATA PROCESSING SYSTEMS OR METHODS, SPECIALLY ADAPTED FOR ADMINISTRATIVE, COMMERCIAL, FINANCIAL, MANAGERIAL, SUPERVISORY OR FORECASTING PURPOSES; SYSTEMS OR METHODS SPECIALLY ADAPTED FOR ADMINISTRATIVE, COMMERCIAL, FINANCIAL, MANAGERIAL, SUPERVISORY OR FORECASTING PURPOSES, NOT OTHERWISE PROVIDED FOR
【発明の属する技術分野】本発明は、文書、特にアプリケーションサービスプロバイダに格納されるかまたはアプリケーションサービスプロバイダから取出される文書を管理する方法及び装置、コンピュータベースシステムおよびコンピュータプログラム製品に関する。 The present invention relates to a document, particularly a method and apparatus for managing documents retrieved from, or application service provider is stored in the application service provider, a computer-based system and a computer program product.
reliable professional rotary tattoo machine six color lining and shading quiet strong swiss motor tattoo guns for free shipping
nighteye h11 car led fog light bulb 6500k 1600lm 80w lamp for car extremely bright led lights bulb for car truck fog light lamps
gzu high quality electric water heater instant shower tankless water heater for home kitchen bathroom water heating double shell
18 in 1 mobile phone repair tools kit spudger pry opening tool screwdriver disassembly for iphone for ipad for samsung
best lp electric guitar hhh pickups with pink ring s with gold star printing on body top yellowish binding real photo shows
amarte canvas backpacks 15 6 inch laptop backpacks school bags for college student notebook bags fashion casual travel backpack
msq 6pcs makeup brush set professional make up beauty blush foundation contour powder cosmetics brush makeup kit with a bag
new perfect gift professional synthetic 6pcs face eye deluxe charcoal anti bacterial makeup brushes set with leather pouch
aifeng 5pcs j118 r7s led bulb 14w 1400lm led horizontal plug light floodlight cob r7s 118mm led bulb clear cover for living room
Linköping University, Department of Management and Engineering, Law and Legal Philosophy . Linköping University, Faculty of Arts and Sciences.
11/08/2014-With the grateful return of fall rains many of the drought stressed herbaceous plants are looking very good. Angelica sp., Western columbine, and maple leaved checkerbloom are all actively growing. Western aster still has a few flowers which are attracting both buckeye and Western lady butterflies and leaf cutter bees.
02/05/2015-Coastal silk-tassel, Garrya elliptica is in full bloom now. Check out this large evergreen shrub that provides so much winter color. It is on the short list of plants that are gopher proof. With this latest storm many seedlings are appearing including Clarkia amoena, C. unguiculata, Phacelia bolanderi, and lots of California poppy. Herbaceous perennials are emerging. Angelica spp., Lupinus spp., and Symphyotrichium (Aster) chilense. When it is clear and warm native bees are just starting to make an appreance. Look for the small halictid bee, Lasioglossum sp. on areas of bare ground.
03/30-Lots happening in the Garden! These late rains have given new life to the Clarkia amoena, C. unguiculata and Angelica spp. plants. The grasses Festuca idahoensis and Stipa pulchra are in full bloom. A huge flight of painted lady butterflies, Vanessa cardui are coming through our area and many our stopping at the garden. The female painted lady lays her eggs on many different plant leaves including thistles. Look for painted lady larvae in 2 to 4 weeks. Female halicitid bees are digging their nests and are common on sunny days. Questions? Contact me at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
10/5/15- For the first time in the Garden's history we lost plants including--Angelica spp., Mimulus aurantiacus and other plants like Symphyotrichium (Aster) chilense were stunted. Lack of normal rainfall the last two years meant the plants came into spring very dry and we had a very warm spring and summer. The good news is that the rain in in September helped the plants that survived. Symphyotrichium (Aster) chilense is still blooming and attracting pollinators. If you want to see what native plants are drought tolerant visit the Garden now. Questions? Contact me at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
1/12/16: The garden is definitely coming to life. Many seedlings are appearing including those of Clarkia amoena, C. unguiculata, Phacelia bolanderi, and California poppy. The grasses I planted on 10/14, purple needle grass (Stipa pulchra) and Idaho fescue (Festuca idahoensis), which appeared dead in late summer, immediately came to life after the first rains this fall. Both coastal strawberry (Fragaria chiloensis) and wood strawberry (F. vesca) are flowering. These strawberry species grow in separate areas of the garden: wood strawberry likes well drained soil and light shade, and coastal strawberry does well in moist areas. Coastal silk-tassel (Garrya elliptica) is just starting to flower: another good reason to come out to the garden--to see why this is such a popular garden shrub. During the cold weather when we had snow in the hills, the garden was being heavily used by fox sparrows and ground feeding thrushes. If you want to see what native plants are drought tolerant visit the Garden now. Questions? Contact me at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
You will save lots of money on Graco Contractor Gun by purchasing on Ebay. Not only do they have the largest selection of Graco Contractor Gun, they have the best prices too. With thousands of sellers online and ready to serve you, its guaranteed to make your purchasing experience the best that it can be.
Synopsis: Twins Sera and Luke Raine’s unusual abilities are growing. Sera is healing vampires now, making them human again. And, at times, Luke can actually change the future he Sees.
But Sera’s healing has dangerous consequences, and though Luke is altering the outcome of more visions, he can’t control them yet.
Now Sera is in danger as the dark creatures of the Realm seek to use her. As Luke struggles to master his gift in order to save his sister, he discovers even more about his powers.
As I'm sure many of you know I've been reading all the books J. Meyers has written for us and fallen completely in love with her fantasy world and even paid for a signed copy of Intangible to be shipped out to the UK where it now sits and looks beautiful on my shelf, maybe I'll end up with a copy of Imaginable too? Well I certainly hope so because this sequel was not a let down.
Imaginable continues to follow twins, Luke and Sera, and almost instantly pulls you into their fast paced adventure as Sera uses her healing powers to help heal vampires back into humans ...or is she? And if she isn't, what danger could these new being hold? These are the problems they're faced with as a team of no-longer-vampires-but-not-quiet-humans step into their lives and certainly not for anything good.
What I enjoyed most about this book was the development of not only the characters but their powers too, only when the twins were at their personal worst were they aware of exactly how limited their knowledge of their powers were and we got to see their powers grow and experience it with them which really helps you get attached to Luke and Sera alike. We also got to explore and spend a lot more time in the Realm; the home of the Light Elves and meeting of The Good Mother Keren was particularly amazing, and J Meyer's descriptions of this new world made it easy to visualise and believe it could truly exist. It was beautiful. Of course we also got to learn more about the Dark Elves too which is a little less on the beautiful side of things but not an ounce less interesting, they may be the "bad" guys to the other Elves but they have a range of mythical creatures on their side which was certainly interesting to read about, I just couldn't put the book down and I really can not do it justice.
On that note I want to sign out with letting you know this isn't a YA book to pass up but of course I haven't spoke about my favourite vampire Jonas, so I'll keep it short and spoiler free: he's as awesome as ever with some great moments, and I truly can not wait to see what is in store for him and the others next time round. I'm sure J Meyers will not be one to disappoint.
Thank you for stopping by and commenting, we'll stop by and return the favour soon so feel free to share links.
Best 25 Elegant business cards ideas on Pinterest from creative personal business cards , source:www.pinterest.com
This specific image (Creative Personal Business Cards New Best 25 Elegant Business Cards Ideas On Pinterest) previously mentioned is usually labelled having:put up by means of Laura Mendez with 2018-11-03 20:20:18. To discover almost all images throughout Prettier Pictures Of Creative Personal Business Cards pictures gallery please comply with that hyperlink.
HOURS: Winter: October 1 - April 30 Mon-Th 11-7 | Fri-Sat 10-8 | Sun 12-6 Summer: May 1 - Sept. 30 Mon-Sat 10-8 | Sun 12-6
We are located at 172 N. Main Street, across from the Northville Post Office, next to the old Northville Bank.
New owners Harold and Denise Cheney purchased the store in May 2014 from former owners Fritz and Sandra Henze. The Henzes owned the store for 27 years prior. The 1830s building has recently been listed in the National Historic Register.
Many improvements include expanded wine and liquor selection, computerized P.O.S. inventory tracking and ordering, wall and window treatments, wine tasting area and bottle chiller. Coming improvements include an expanded back storage area which will help lower and stabilize prices.
If you have questions / comments, or want to be notified about upcoming sales or tastings, please email us at northvilleliquor@gmail.com
HFO's News Blog for Multifamily Apartment Investors | Apartment Building Owners: Multifamily Marketwatch Podcast - November 6, 2018
The latest news of interest to multifamily housing investors in Oregon and Washington. Build Your Legacy with HFO.
This week: Houses in Seattle are selling below asking price for the first time in four years; a new Harvard study finds that the number of low-income renters is growing significantly faster than the number of affordable housing units; and economist Joe Cortright explains why housing can either be a good investment, or affordable -- but it can't be both.
Update on the City of Portland's Unreinforced Masonry Placard Requirements & Status of Seismic Upgrades
Angie Even of Save Portland Buildings offers a recap and update on the status of the City of Portland's regulations on unreinforced maso...
This week: historic midterm elections bring Democratic supermajorities to both chambers of the Oregon legislature and deepen the urban-rural...
The DJC published an article today that looks at how many Inclusionary Housing units are actually likely to be built in Portland. Since Fe...
Portland-based HFO was founded in 1999 and specializes in the apartment sector of the commercial real estate market. The company is known for more than its ability to attract the largest possible pool of buyers. By offering additional client benefits including complimentary industry-specific events, market news, and original video programming via HFO-TV and Multifamily Marketwatch podcasts. HFO is a thought-leader within its category. From its inception, HFO has operated in sharp contrast to most of its industry competitors, using intra-office collaboration to provide service to more customers through sales velocity and loyal client relationships.
The Taj Mahal incorporates and expands on design traditions of Persian architecture and earlier Mughal architecture. Specific inspiration came from successful Timurid and Mughal buildings including; the Gur-e Amir (the tomb of Timur, progenitor of the Mughal dynasty, in Samarkand),[16] Humayun's Tomb, Itmad-Ud-Daulah's Tomb (sometimes called the Baby Taj), and Shah Jahan's own Jama Masjid in Delhi.
It is difficult to give a concise account of conditions in a country as vast as India and varying so widely in its physical road conditions. Some people will call it chaotic – in any case, Indian road scenario is a mixture of sound, spectacle and experience. You will hardly find Indian roads free of traffic. Congestion on roads is a normal phenomenon. In the big cities, you may also encounter frequent traffic jams. Nor can most road users guess what type of vehicle they will face – India has a variety of "modes of transport" including overloaded trucks and buses, scooters, pedestrians, cows, bullocks and camel carts, horse or elephant riders as well as cycle-rickshaws and free-roaming livestock.
Discover fantastic venues by searching through a large database of event venues If you are interested in an event space, do not hesitate. Search. Discover. BOOK IT NOW!
So this is my version of the 27c3 Android Fahrplan App. At the moment it only links to the fahrplan website, depending on which day/event you click. The advantage is, it’s always uptodate;)
I didn’t use to be a Java programmer and wrote this when I knew next to nothing about Java and Android
I really don’t know why it’s able to access the SD card and telephone status…don’t worry about it;)(see comment)
Laura L. Matin, DDS, PC - Oral Cancer - Could It Happen to You? - Portland, OR - Oral Cancer - Could it happen to you? - dentist Portland OR
Close to 37,000 Americans will be diagnosed with oral cancer this year, causing over 8,000 deaths and killing about 1 PERSON AN HOUR, 24 HOURS A DAY! Only slightly more than half will be alive in 5 years. This number has not improved in decades. The death rate for oral cancer is HIGHER than cervical cancer, Hodgkin's thyroid and melanoma skin cancer! The death rate is high not because it is hard to discover or diagnose, but due to the cancer being routinely discovered late in its development. (1)
One sophisticated but easy use of screening is the VELscope - a non-invasive direct tissue fluorescence visualization technology. This device emits a particular wavelength inside the mouth and its tissues. (5). In some studies, routine incorporation of the VELscope in the exam proved useful in finding pre-malignant lesions. Some evidence suggests that diets high in fruits and vegetables reduce the risk of developing this cancer.
One of the real dangers of this cancer, is that in its early stages, it can go unnoticed. It can be painless, and little in the way of physical changes may be obvious. The good news is that your dentist or doctor can, in most cases, see or feel tissue changes or the actual cancer while it is very small, or in its earliest stages. (1)
Oral cancer is one of the most curable forms of cancer, provided it is found and diagnosed early. With appropriate intervention, success rates are greater than 90%! (5)
Oral cancer may appear as a white or red patch of tissue in the mouth, or a small ulcer which looks like a common canker sore. Because so many non-cancerous tissue changes occur normally, it is important to have any sore or discolored area of your mouth, which does not heal within 14 DAYS, looked at by a professional. Other symptoms may include a lump inside the mouth or neck, pain or difficulty swallowing, speaking or chewing, wart like masses, hoarseness which lasts a long time or any numbness. (1)
It used to be mostly people over the age of 40, but now it is occurring more frequently in those under this age. Exact causes for those younger are becoming clearer, showing a viral cause. Also links to "smokeless" chewing tobacco have been found. Chewing tobacco has not been proven to be any safer when referring to oral cancers. (1) When you combine tobacco with heavy use of alcohol, your risk is significantly increased - with a 15X greater risk of developing oral cancer than others who do not smoke or drink. It is also confirmed that in a younger age group, including those who have never used any tobacco products, have a cause which is the HPV 16 virus. HPV-positive cancer has also been reported in people who have few or no sexual partners. It may be possible for the virus to be transmitted to an infant via an infected mother's birth canal. An HPV vaccine is routinely recommended. (3)
The human papilloma virus - especially version 16 - has been implicated in the increasing incidence of young non-smoking oral cancer patients. This is the same virus that causes more than 90% of all cervical cancers. 70% of oral pharyngeal cancers in 2020 will be HPV positive. The incidence of HPV-positive oral pharyngeal cancers has increased 225% between the years 1998-2004. (3)
Patients with oral cancer treated in the early stages, may have little in the way of post treatment disfigurement. For those whose cancer is caught at a later stage, the results of surgical removal of the disease may require reconstruction of portions of their oral cavity or facial features. (1)
The dental community is the first line of defense in the early detection of this disease. There are over 100,000 dentists in the United States. The American Dental Association states that 60% of the US population sees a dentist ever year. The dental community needs to launch a public awareness of oral cancer, and to get the public aware of the need for an annual screening of this disease. Look at the impact of the annual pap smear, mammogram and prostate exam to see how effective an involved public can contribute to early detection. The dental community needs to assume this same leadership role if oral cancer is to be brought down from its high ranking as a killer. (1)
Published studies report that currently less than 15% of those who visit a dentist regularly, report having had an oral cancer screening. It is easier to get the public to comply for oral screenings, since there is no invasive technique necessary to look for it, no pain is involved, and inexpensive to have your mouth examined for the early signs. (1)
Patients need to realize that a visit to a dentist is not always about a filling, crown, or a "cleaning", but can be a matter of life and death. Dental exams, when done properly and including a screening for ORAL CANCER, will save lives. (1)
Creative Types Of Living Room Chairs 59 With Additional Home Remodeling Ideas with Types Of Living Room Chairs is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at August 27, 2018 upload by Admin in .
Creative Types Of Living Room Chairs 59 With Additional Home Remodeling Ideas with Types Of Living Room Chairs - We hope that , by posting this Creative Types Of Living Room Chairs 59 With Additional Home Remodeling Ideas with Types Of Living Room Chairs , we can fulfill your needs of inspiration for designing your home. If you need more ideas to Home Design, you can check at our collection right below this post.
Chair Types Living Room | http://intrinsiclifedesign.com – is a free Complete Home Decoration Ideas Gallery posted at . This Chair Types Living Room | http://intrinsiclifedesign.com was posted in hope that we can give you an inspiration to Remodel your Home. This article can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right decoration for your home. This Chair Types Living Room | http://intrinsiclifedesign.com This maybe your best option to decor , because having a home with our own design is everyone’s dream.
We hope that , by posting this Chair Types Living Room | http://intrinsiclifedesign.com ideas , we can fulfill your needs of inspiration for designing your home. If you need more ideas to Design a Home , you can check at our collection right below this post. Also , don’t forget to always visit Best Chair Types Living Room | http://intrinsiclifedesign.com to find some new and fresh posts about Kitchen Remodeling , Bathroom Remodel , Bedroom Theme Ideas , Living Room Style and other Home Design Inspiration everyday.
The MermaidGingerly, she steps around the walkway encompassing the hull of the boat. She is deprived of the oxygen tanks’ guardianship this time. Only Spirit protects her. A new alternative reality begins. Capturing one final breath of the salt air, she plunges into the dubious nourishment of the salt water.
She comes to swim with the shark. She comes to be recreated, to become the virgin mermaid. Deeper and still deeper the woman is drawn into his world. Forever on the quest for Life, she carries the light that could guide her way, never knowing what lands will be found in the depths of this foreign territory. She knows, for this is not the first time she has been called to this place, yet time changes all.
Down she spirals, seeing life at every level. Schools of clown fish wiggle through their anemone playground, while angel fish glide quietly in their heavenly realm. Turkey fish compete for space with stone fish. Darts of color flash by as she peers into their temples. Ever watchful for the moray eel, she searches the crevice for friends to surround and join in her transmutation.
Preparation is needed to live in so many worlds: this world of water and wave, that world of sand and dust and danger, a world of tropical splendor, a frozen world. Will she endure? Another test of endurance? Of power and talent?
The passion begins, the body veers into a new form. Lungs expand to absorb the new life force. Arms grow stronger for stroking the tides. Hair flows behind her for stability. Hips broaden into solid encrustation as scales form to enable her survival in this new world. The vulnerable womanhood now hidden, she is granted safe conduct through a hostile outpost. Feet flow into one mass, supple and fluid, feathery.
Now more swiftly she swoops through the kelp, surging past the curious crowds. Her goal draws closer. The shark sleeps below, then wakes as her body generates ripples in the water round about him. He waits for the mermaid, circling … circling … circling as she arrives, but she is bold and fearless. No longer can his threats keep her away from her destiny, no longer overpower her genius, no longer stifle the transformations.
Together they circle and stalk, stalk and circle. Will he never fear? Will he always reign in this channel? Without a quaver, she perseveres in her mission. He cannot thwart her progress. He consumes her, denounces her, abuses her until she will yield to him. The woman will never succumb. She simply desires to swim in his space, beside him. Where is her solution?
“For centuries, women and men have sought guidance and counsel to help them in processes of change, healing, and transformation.”
That is the first sentence in the introduction to my new book, Feral Fables. How many of us have checked the I Ching, or Animal Medicine cards, or the Tarot to see what they have to say to us? Not only is it fun, but it also can be enlightening in some strange, unexplainable way.
We are spoken to through many avenues. Insights may come like lightning bolts or in a still, small voice. A friend says something that strikes us as relevant to a question we’ve pondered. We hear a conversation that brings sudden understanding to a problem. A dream reveals an answer to a situation. We read a story that becomes more significant each time we read it.
Such is the nature of these fables. This is the sort of book you can tuck in your purse or briefcase and have handy at all times. At odd moments, you can pick a fable at random to see what meaning it can bring to your life. Whether you are male or female, youth or elder, there will be something of value in each brief fable.
What is a fable anyway? The dictionary describes it as “a fictitious story meant to teach a moral lesson.” I believe it is more than just a moral lesson. I prefer to say that it shows us “Truth” greater than “truth.” I wrote these to use as I worked with psychology clients who were looking for that Truth in their lives. You can do the same for yourself.
If you are an e-book reader, you can get your copy of Feral Fables by clicking here. If you prefer to have a hard copy, a place where you can write notes in the margins, then a hard copy will soon be available. I’ll keep you posted.
You can read these fables with the intention of finding clarity on some issue in your life, or maybe the serendipity will surprise you when you read them just for fun. In either case, please let me know your reaction to these wild tales.
One of the blogs about blogging I read is ProBlogger. That’s a mouthful, isn’t it? This week, there was a challenge to respond to seven categories. I decided to take part, mostly because it requires some thinking about my posts in the past and where I’d like to go in the future. Here are the seven categories:
I started this blog as a record for myself only. I was trying to make soil from compost and other materials in order to get something to grow on this acre of rocky lava we call a`a.
The reason I enjoyed this post is that it is about a special family event I wasn’t able to attend. My first granddaughter got married in October on the mainland and I couldn’t get away from teaching to fly over. Also, I didn’t take the pictures, but it showed several of my children and grandchildren. Needless to say, I shed a few happy tears as I put it together in a post.
I’ve written about lilikoi (Passion fruit) several times and each post brings more discussion than anything else I write about. Mainland readers probably don’t have a clue what lilikoi is, so it’s mostly Hawaii residents who get into great discussions about this fruit with an unusual flavor.
My brother writes a blog that is way more popular than mine, and he tells of great things to do in and around the Tampa Bay/St. Petersburg area. Like me, he writes about his travels. He and I had just been to England, and we both loved London. I absolutely love this post he did all in black and white photography. It gave me an entirely new perspective to London.
This post was about a little book that has guided my life and the lives of others over and over. If you are looking for a way to set goals and objectives for the next year, this is the book that will help you.
I think the reason I’m most proud of this title is because it represents several decades of waiting to have my book of the same name published. It is about a book I used in my psychology practice and with students. It can also be a self-help book by exploring some hidden meanings in your life.
This was posted to honor AIDS Day, and invites us to look at our lives and how we respond to unexpected events in our lives. AIDS awareness is growing, but still not enough.
It took me a while to decide on each of these categories. There are so many posts that would fit into each category. After looking at these seven posts, I get a good sense of where my pleasures reside in writing this blog. My topics have evolved quite a bit over the past two years, and on an unconscious level, I think I have been going in the direction that most suits me best.
I hope you are finding these rambling posts helpful when you garden or cook or travel or reflect on life.
Feral Fables, my newly published e-book, will be available for a special promotional price of $2.99 until August 1, 2010. Go here to to buy or sample Feral Fables. Use the promotional code “SL25S” (not case sensitive) at checkout.
Those of you who have been reading this blog over the past couple of years may remember that I have offered you a few fables from time to time. I wrote them to use when counseling clients. They can be used to help you evaluate your own life, or simply read slowly for your own enjoyment.
I have recently published all 36 of the fables as an e-book, Feral Fables. If you want to sample more of the book and/or purchase it for $3.99 to read on your computer, go here.
Please let me know what you think, and mahalo for your support. I’ll be back to my regular posts this weekend.
The StoryTeller woman lives in a harbor this side of the sea, near a spurious border between two kingdoms. Once, as long ago as yesterday, the whales and dolphins and other creatures of the sea gathered around to assist on the day of her birth. The name they wrote on her Certificate of Birth was Luz de la Vida, “the light of life.”
From the moment she emerged out of that watery place of all birthing, those briny creatures of wisdom saw the light hovering in the ovaries – in that deep, warm and wet dwelling place of all seed.
“Look!” they said, as they celebrated the wonder of her birth. “There is a light! It must have always been there, but it was not visible until this very moment – not until her birth!”
A few scattered herders of sheep, keepers of land animals, scurried across the fields and arrived in time to witness an inconceivable birth — the birth of Luz de la Vida. This happened merely because they heard some curious music in the wind. They came to see for themselves what was happening.
Still, it was those wise creatures of the deep who first saw Luz de la Vida. They saw the light hovering within her. They followed it and they brought her gifts. In that moment everyone around came to know Luz de la Vida in their own hearts.
Luz de la Vida developed into a lovely, luminous and wise woman. Everyone knew, but no one said, that Luz de la Vida even knew when the sea was born. No one knew, and everyone said, that Luz de la Vida had no name for herself, but was known by all as simply Luz.
Now, each day before the Sun grows up, Luz sings her lullaby to the Moon, and offers her day to the world. She sings her message of Emmanuel as the sea gulls play the wind and the pelicans sit on the rocks to eat their fish. She sings her message as she bakes her bread, hangs out her laundry, scrubs her floors, as the coffee pot perks out a rhythm. She tells her stories to all who stroll by and does her best to lighten their day in her other-world by the sea.
Many wonder if Luz really is, or if stories need a figure to play out her special role. Luz looks under rocks, under seaweed, under docks or among the crabs, she watches the waves for life. She consults the universe with the mind of a million years. We never escape her — she’s crazy, she’s wonderful. She’s fun, she’s scary, she’s unreadable and she lives.
It was in this way that the luminous spirit within Luz gave me a new beginning. Like the Magicians — those others who were led by Luz — I, too, was given her bright star for direction and endurance.
Her hovering presence lingers in curious ways. She is there when the tired, stifled center of the typhoon passes through my days. She hovers silently during those ceaseless shadowy struggles within my soul. Luz stands by with healing poise as I shiver fearfully in the hospital. Luz swirls through the ruthless torments of my spirit.
When I permit it, she seeks me out as I grapple with responsibilities. When I believe I can find my way without her light, Luz emerges. When all purpose for my life is misplaced, she calls me into a light of rebirth. She arrives in seasons of resurrection. Luz touches my body, my spirit, my mind. She comes, calling my name, your name, Luz comes. I see her, I hear her call. She demolishes my darkness, invites me to dance, nudges me forward to answer to life.
A primal aurora gives birth to color, from muted blues through brilliant sapphire to a deep azure, until the horizon is thick with cloudless black indigo. The awakening valley is surrounded by rough crags, whispers of creation are heard. Throughout the realm, the gauzy wrap is shoved aside to reveal an unimaginable panorama of fluid rock.
Pele, feral Goddess of the Volcano, pushes her creation process across the distant edge of the world, slithering forward over the solid ground, hot and bloodthirsty, greedy to expand and own a solid empire. Her pleasure sends vast fields of melted ash, smooth swirls of licorice fudge that can only be eaten by titanic warriors and calls it pahoehoe. Her raging and mercurial lunacy ejaculates nuggets from Her bowels, heaps them along the path and names it a’a.
The forlorn music of the harmonica drifts over the wind, telling tales of the legendary yet carnal Goddess. The watcher appears through the mist and haze to witness the birth of new land. This witness drops the harmonica on the promontory, lifts his head to sing, becoming another voice on the wind. The stories are heard by villagers beyond the fresh terrain.
“No, no!” the Singer calls. “This quest must emerge from your hearts, from your intuitive and individual Self, not from your structures or formal institutions. Let the fire of the Goddess be your guide. Give yourself over to Her for strength and sustenance.”
“She is a Goddess of Love,” the Singer reminds them. “It is She who created you, it is She loved you into being. It is She who loves you enough to make a new land for you so you can produce vineyards and forests.”
“Love and anger are not opposites,” the Singer says. “If She did not care about you, She would not be angry with your lack of initiative, your abuse of talents, your shortage of foresight. It is Her way of providing a new opportunity to once again belong to Her, to be Her children. Bow down before Her and let go.”
And so it was that the land cooled and began the centuries of decomposition providing fertile fields for their needs. Each morning as the day breaks, the Singer once again calls Her forth with his music. Each evening, the Singer praises Her with song, and She calls it good.
Chores never cease, never subside. Menacing dark corners tower above and below her, dusty and dank. Driven here, thrust there, the woman frantically toils in vain. In every quarter of the luxurious home she unearths wads of shabby rags, inside bureau and closets, beneath tables and beds, over shelves and bookcases.
There is no seclusion here. It is no longer her home. Aliens invade, then abandon her in chaos. Serenity is shattered in the assault.
In a frenzy, she searches for one spot, one haven of beauty where she may hide from the muck and gloom, sludge and shadow. She is imprisoned and enslaved by the moment, shaken and disenchanted by infinity.
Others chart her headway as she labors, then regresses. Despondently she presses onward, now advancing, now reversing in an endless non-dance. Joy pales as the obstacles flourish in neglect. Song is stilled, light fractured, until she spots an overlooked box, unobtrusively tucked away behind the bureau.
In dismay, she lifts the lid, supposing it to be filth-filled, or barren at best. A small packet sheathed in foil rests inside, dormant yet dazzling in its obscurity. From the crumpled edge of the opening there protrudes a long green stem, crowned with a large purple chrysanthemum, blossom of her soul. An abundance of petals, long and delicate, unite around a pollen-filled golden center.
Tears fall as she recalls the moment she clipped the bloom from its parent. Tenderly she had placed it into nourishing water where it could take root and grow. Now long forgotten, the chrysanthemum has flourished, alone and in the inky obscurity of the ragged box. Surely it was withered and dead by now, for many moons have passed. Other celebrations have come and gone, but the blossom remains.
She pauses, then meticulously peels back the foil covering. That which was dormant for so long has burgeoned with fragile and lacy roots. What once was a flower, cut off from its source, has sprouted in the dark, unattended and ignored.
Weeping, she holds the hardy segment of beauty in the palm of her hand. The tiny bit of life, buried in the pit of her soul, is resurrected and retrieved. The purple chrysanthemum will never perish. She will survive.
We play in the rain so we practice in the rain, sleet, snow... everything but lightning. If there are thunder storms we try to wait them out, so in a nutshell we don't cancel practice.
We need your travel confirmation information ASAP. Please e-mail your flight information or your car travel plans including what time your will arrive in Calgary.
NHS of Queens CDC facilitate low interest rate loans to homeowners who are eligible from $5,000 - $90,000 to perform moderate interior and exterior repairs.
Provides homeowners with loans and grants to repair water mains, boilers, sewer lines, sidewalk violations, roofs, plumbing, electrical systems and to eliminate conditions dangerous to health and safety.
Nexus Winner of the Prometheus Award Mankind gets an upgrade In the near future the experimental nano drug Nexus can link humans together mind to mind There are some who want to improve it There are
Winner of the 2014 Prometheus Award Mankind gets an upgrade In the near future, the experimental nano drug Nexus can link humans together, mind to mind There are some who want to improve it There are some who want to eradicate it And there are others who just want to exploit it.When a young scientist is caught improving Nexus, he s thrust over his head into a world ofWinner of the 2014 Prometheus AwardMankind gets an upgradeIn the near future, the experimental nano drug Nexus can link humans together, mind to mind There are some who want to improve it There are some who want to eradicate it And there are others who just want to exploit it.When a young scientist is caught improving Nexus, he s thrust over his head into a world of danger and international espionage for there is far at stake than anyone realizes.From the halls of academe to the halls of power, from the headquarters of an elite US agency in Washington DC to a secret lab beneath a top university in Shanghai, from the underground parties of San Francisco to the illegal biotech markets of Bangkok, from an international neuroscience conference to a remote monastery in the mountains of Thailand Nexus is a thrill ride through a future on the brink of explosion.File Under Science Fiction Humanity 2.0 Mind Matters Hive This Will Happen From the Trade Paperback edition.
< ErROr: Experiencing cognitive dissonance >Nexus is an aspiring techno-thriller written by "professional technologist," Ramez Naam. Naam has done his research on AI (his day job), has nearly twenty patents under his name, and has written widely on post-human topics, most notably More Than Human Embracing the Promise of Biological Enhancement. So this guy knows his stuff. I expected lovely tingles in my brain where Nerd Girl lives when I cracked this book open.So why did I cringe so much w [...]
Nexus is now my go-to for whenever I have to recommend near-future SF.Imagine a computer that integrates directly with your brain. Imagine if this computer was open source and you could modify/hack/patch it as you wished. Imaginewell, let's stop there. Ramez Naam has imagined all of this, and wrote a brilliant novel to share it with us.There's good reason it's on the John W. Campbell ballot this year, and among such top-calibre authors like Max Gladstone, Sofia Samatar, and Wesley Chu.It's not j [...]
Executive Summary: Fascinating, enticing, thrilling, terrifying.Audio book: It's Luke Daniels. If you don't know that means it's a good audio book without me saying, you've been missing out. This book has been on my radar for awhile, and I already owned the ebook. The fact that Luke Daniels did the audio and that there was a cheap whipsersync upgrade got me to finally pull the trigger. Yet another reason to thank Luke Daniels!Full ReviewI wish there were more books like this. It's totally in my [...]
I listened to the audio version of Nexus and let me tell you, it was 13 hours of nerdy fun brilliance!!!It has an intricate plot, basically it is set in the not too distant future. Technology has surpassed what we would have ever expected. The new nano drug Nexus works by linking minds together, it is also extremely feared and illegal. Young budding scientist Cade is caught improving it, and is made to work for the government as a spy, to bring down others who would use and distribute this techn [...]
Pick up a near-future sci-fi book and you will typically encounter similar themes of the moral dilemma of technological advances, particularly in the field of human enhancements. Then you will have the regression of supposedly democratic governments towards fascism to stem personal freedom and choice, in their attempts to stop such enhancements from progressing or falling into the wrong hands. The wrong hands meaning anyone but themselves. This book was no different. Nexus is also called coercio [...]
“There is a war coming. A world war. Not between China and America. Between humans and posthumans. You see it all around you. The humans are doing everything they can to prevent the posthuman transition from occurring. While we are struggling to be free of their controls.”I think that sums up Nexus reasonably well, though this book does not depict armies of humans and posthumans going at it. The war is basically between “The Emerging Risks Directorate” (ERD), a section of Homeland Securi [...]
Mindjacking - the ability to read another's mind and, if you want to, force them to move and speak as you wish.Kaden Lane is a young scientific genius experimenting with Nexus 5, a new version of a popular "drug" (really a nanotechnology) that allows you to connect your consciousness with the consciousness of others. He is naïve, goodhearted, and wants this technology to be expanded and created in order to give everyone a higher consciousness. He believes this technology will make the world a b [...]
Well, that was fun! For about three months I've been looking for a book that was fast-paced, action-packed, and preferably had lots of gun fights and hand-to-hand combat. This is the book that fulfills those hopes ;)There were a couple of things I didn't like but overall it was just good fun. It was also extremely difficult to put down because the action and/or suspense never fully let up. Now I must find time for the sequels
A cyberpunk/speculative fiction thriller set in the year 2040. Nexus is a drug that employs nano-tech which alters the brain to be able to connect with other Nexus minds. And it can also accept software stretching the bounds of what it means to be human.The first half of the book was ok, but the second half was breakneck speed action with secret agents and high tech electronic warfare and monksd Bruce Lee all mashing together in a techy/druggy roller coaster ride to the end. I thought the fact t [...]
I have nothing bad to say about this novel. I was forced to stay up very late to read this, and I ducked out of other entertainments just to finish it. Did I get sucked into the idea of a transhumanism emergence? I think so. At least with Nexus, it's definitely my favorite Linux distro. I've got about a dozen ideas for apps that I'd like to write. If I can't find it in open source, of course.I want my new OS!As for possible complaints about evil governments Come onAnyone read history? Ideas and [...]
4 of 5 stars at The BiblioSanctum bibliosanctum/201Besides being a pretty damn good book, Nexus also has the distinction of being the first cyberpunk-ish novel that I've genuinely enjoyed. There's not as much as a barrier when it comes to diving right into the story, and there's just something about the characters that kept my interest levels high from beginning to end.Despite being a futuristic techno-thriller, certain aspects about it will feel just familiar enough to cause a teensy bit of dis [...]
Brilliant book, well worth the read, really good characters nice steady storyline, vivid descriptions of whats going on, made it good for me. The action really kicks off in last third of the bookin strength of this is how the author brings in the role of human fears and ignorance and how we react to them.
Another Winner from Angry Robot Books!The technology is way out there (at times) but its delivered in such a way that you can follow it & it becomes the major part of a story that hooks you from the get-go.The story touches on the next evolution of man through the nexus environment, mind melds & talk of super humans, then of posthumans, all interesting & even some very plausible technologies amongst all the science fiction as well as a few substantial leaps. Was fully caught up in it [...]
Originally posted here. 2.75/5 stars on the review rubric, rounding up.Bluh. I feel like I shouldn't even be calling this a review, because I'm not sure it'll end up being one.I was way into the idea of this book very early on because of that oh-so-very-intriguing tagline.Mankind gets an upgradeI meanright? Yeah, that totally sounds like my kind of thing, y'know?AND THE COVER! [swoon] Seriously, that's an amazing cover and contributed to my whole sense of "ZOMG MUST READ THIS NAO!"The ti [...]
If ever a book was tailor-made to be an action movie, this would be the one. It's non-stop action mixed with exotic locations, plenty of explosions, and high-tech hardware.Kaden Lane is a promising young neuroscientist who, along with his friends, has come up with Nexus. Nexus is an illegal party drug - but it also promises (and threatens) to usher in a new posthuman era, with its capability to enhance communication between individuals.The United States government will stop at nothing to shut do [...]
Very good sci-fi about the potential of the hive-mind. What would it be like if we could instaneously connect to the minds and memories of all of those around us? Set in California and Thailand, the book quickly makes apparent the conflicts that ensue between humans and "post-humans." Readers who like this book should also try Extraordinary Powers, the first book by Joseph Finder whose theme of mind-reading is still quite relevant. Signal and Runner, both by Patrick Lee, also center around chara [...]
William Gibson once said, “The future is already here—it’s just not very evenly distributed.” I’m starting to think this is the case with the Singularity as well. By its very definition this would seem to belie the idea of a Singularity at all, but bear with me.Singularity generally deals in two closely related concepts: artificial intelligence and posthumanism. Once we get an AI that no longer relies on humans to improve its own processing capability, we’ve hit Singularity: the AI i [...]
Kade Lane has improved the Nexus technology. He is fully aware that this technology can change the world overnight. He is also becoming aware that the tech that he has created could cost him his life.This is the first techno-thriller that I have ever come across in the New Adult drama. The main players in this book are Kade and his friends, who are effectually the next great minds in nanotech.The thing that makes this book such an easy read is the fact that though Kade and his friends are very i [...]
Set in the near future, humans are perfecting an organic operating system for the brain (called Nexus) that allows manipulating reactions, interfacing with others and software overlays for anything from increased reaction time to (insert anything you can think of here). Warring factions want to control this: the government agency tasked with eliminating what they consider a threat to humanity, the people so augmented they don't qualify as human anymore, and everyone in between who can think of u [...]
I would describe this more as an action packed futuristic techno-spy thriller than a traditional scifi novel. It's the first of a trilogy so there is more sci fi (and no doubt a lot more action) to come.The year is 2040. Nexus is a new drug that allows users to link with other minds and send and receive thoughts and memories and has become a popular if illegal party drug. Based on nanotechnology, it works by entering the brain, linking up with neurons and using nano-filament antennae to send and [...]
WowThis book really blew me away. I had no idea what the book was about going into it - I just kept seeing positive reviews + recommendations from people here on . It turns out the book touches on many subjects near and dear to me, from:- The use of psychedelics in therapy, particularly for treating PTSD- The insanity of war on terror, drugs, and in this book, what it means to be human- Buddhism and meditation- The link between what is being found in the forefront of neuroscience and what Buddhi [...]
Nexus is the first book in a science fiction trilogy. The term “Nexus” refers to an illegal drug of sorts that contains nanotechnology. After being ingested, Nexus creates a network that allows people with the drug in their system to share thoughts and emotions with each other. College students have secret parties where they all take Nexus and then they glory in the empathy and the oneness of it all. Evil people use it for mind control.There are two main point-of-view characters. Kade is a b [...]
5 stars for the narrator. He is great!2.5 stars for the a story.I expected a hard sci-fi story and got a political technothriller instead. Maybe if I had a clearer picture of what this book was about before reading it I would have enjoyed it more. However, I didn't do my homework and let all the awards set my expectations too high. Although there isn't anything necessarily wrong with the story, it simply wasn't as exciting or fascinating as I'd hoped it would be. I felt like it was another one o [...]
4.5 Stars Nexus is simply a fantastic piece of near future science fiction. This is a new cyberpunk classic. The story is fast paced and filled with action and cyber geek wonder. There is plenty of action to keep things moving along. The characters are likable but ultimately they are second rate when compared to the science, the nanotechnology, and the high concepts within. I loved this book as it really had me thinking, What if? The plot has a couple of minor twists and the ending is satisfying [...]
Fascinating book on what it means to be human in an age where our brains can be digitally enhanced and refined. Manages to be an engaging sci-fi thought piece & a fast-paced thriller all at the same time. I enjoyed how Naam engages with the morality of technology, and let's Kade Lane really debate over the best choice with very realistic consequences. 4.5, really!
Sometimes, the best way to go into a book is to have no expectations. I had never heard of Ramez Naam before, barely knew anything about the plot of Nexus, and went into it with an open mind. I ended up loving the book and can't wait to read Crux.Nexus is a drug that allows you to connect mind-to-mind with another person. You can experience things together, feel what the other person is feeling, and re-live the other person's memories. The implications are wide-ranging from therapists using Nexu [...]
Well definitely my read of the year so far. I had very little knowledge of the story when I started this and within 10 minutes I was completely and utterly hooked. I haven't raved about a book like this for ages, it was great to find a gem of a read and be utterly absorbed.On to book two.Do I recommend Nexus: Hell yeah!
Nexus is an nano drug that takes the mere human and make them into a transhuman; able to interconnect with others, is far more aware and is permanently connected to the web.Kade, the main character has just upgraded it to Nexus , and is trailing it when he is pulled in by the ERD, an American organisation charged enforcing the Copenhagen agreement and stopping these technologies becoming widely available. Three of his friends are pulled in, by an ex special ops guy escapes. As part of the plea b [...]
While this is Ramez Naam's first novel, he is known for his non-fiction such as More Than Human: Embracing the Promise of Biological Enhancement, where he argues that one day we will view genetic modification and other advances as everyday. So it shouldn't be a surprise to anyone that this is a rare novel viewing near-future technologies without the usual lens of fear and dystopia. Instead of science being the enemy, those who would hold it back or use it for evil are the enemy. It does get a bi [...]
Nexus is an experimental nano-drug that can connect people telepathically. Kade Lane and his friends have taken Nexus to the next level thanks to their neuro-scientific research, but this has made them targets of both their own government, as well as those who are equally interested in Nexus' potential, for good or ill. The obvious moral conflict takes an interesting turn thanks to all of the different perspectives that are offered, including that of Buddhists monks whose peaceful, practical vie [...]
MecArmy offers innovative and dependable products for EDC, outdoor sports, tactical operations and law enforcement, product categories include outdoor/ tactical flashights, handmade knives, EDC and self defense products. MecArny's flashlights are compact, with high lumen output and a USB charging interface.
Give Away: Words. Full of power - both for good and bad. Today I choose to give away, send away, chase away the words that pop into my brain uninvited. The negative self-talk. The echoes of tapes that have played over and over for years. And I choose to give away encouragement - words of affirmation to all I encounter.
Give Access: Today there will be time for a wander. Today I choose fresh air and sunshine....and a wander in the woods.
Give Thanks: Time. I'm grateful for ALL the time that I have. For each day I'm given, each moment... Funny how easy it is for thoughts of 'never enough time' to fill my mind. Today is for finding joy in All the TIME that I have!
Donald discovers Menaye fatal secret. Later Naana discovers this truth and resolves to take revenge on Bob. While Naana tries to finish her diabolical plans, Mary-Ann shoots an unexpected intruder and may have killed one of her own.
The post Shampaign Season 1 Episode 12 – Captured [S01E12] Nollywood Series appeared first on 9jarocks.
Mr. ken is a Tech, Movie (Sci-Fi), Sports and Programming Freak. An eccentric Computer and Electronics Engineer smouldered in the glorious epiphany of online journalism
kenvibes.com do not claim ownership of any of the Songs and Videos that we upload and any copyright infringement complaints will be executed immediately! It is our policy to honor all take-down requests! Email Us via [email protected]
With social networking sites becoming a rage, online dating has been one major phenomenon that has caught the trend. There are innumerable sites that offer a platform to young hearts yearning for some love and warmth in their lives. Yes, it is a good thing, as it is modern, instant and liberal. But, is this trend really good beyond all this? Is it safe? Is it reliable? How far can we really go with someone we meet online? Not everyone gets partners through online dating and be made an eternal love story. Really, we cannot get an ardent lover online. There are many pros and cons of online dating. Though, its demerits rise above on the balance beam. You may look around, many must have tried it, but hardly anyone has got a successful online love story. Below is the list of Ten Reasons Why Online Dating Is A Bad Idea –
One big question of dating online is how long can it last? A long distance relationship can be really troublesome. Not everyone is lucky enough to find a date from their own city. Even if you do, ofcourse you first interact online and then meet. Such relationships can’t really last long. For, in these bonds, no real meetings and interactions takes place at the primary level. And that is the most vital stage of bonding. We bond when we meet someone over a period of time, spend time talking together and being with each other in person. Yes, emotional connect does work. You may be very greatly bonded with someone you have hardly met. But a relationship is different. It involves not just emotional but also physical, mental and spiritual space. Until you are physically comfortable, mentally bonded, and psychologically understand each other, a relationship cannot go a long way. These things definitely lack in dating online, therefore making it a bad idea.
This is one strange thing about online dating. The space we share with someone through social networking is in great contrast to that we share with people in the physical world. A partner ofcourse is the one with whom we plan a future and certainly share the most of our physical space. But due to this there is a vast difference in what we feel talking to them on the net and what we feel on actually being with them. In many cases it happens that the comfort and freedom we feel and share with a person virtually is a complete fiasco in person. Thus, making for another reason why dating online is a bad idea.
How can we judge someone we meet online? On how they look? What the wear? What they post? What they say? Is that enough? What we see is not enough since many of it can be mere illusions. A person will certain try to be at his best when you meet him/her online. Be it a boy or a girl, whoever is trying to find a date online will give his/her best shot. Ofcourse everyone has their own share of flaws, and no one likes to reveal them. But this can get really dangerous online. When you date somebody online, there can be a million things they hide from you and you don’t even have a clue of them. Just because a person looks good, decent and sophisticated does not really assure it. So, it is always better to date someone you actually know.
Isn’t it a desperate way to look out for a partner? A heartbroken person, who finds no mates in the real world is the most likely one to go looking for a date online, in an stranger, according to not one but a number of recent surveys. For most people who will be inclined to date an online partner will be those who fail to find a reliable soulmate in the real world. This is often therefore an outcome of desperacy that people get into such relationships, but later on they fall short of emotions, divert from each other and eventually break up. The void in our lives leads us to this path of online dating but after a period of time it only ends up to be a bad experience overall.
How serious can we get for someone we don’t know in the real world? There may be for a few days an intense feeling of connection and bonding, but this is short lived. In the long run, it is almost impossible that both the hearts are equally loyal and serious for each other. One person may get very serious but the other one may only have an infatuation, or perhaps not even that. Online dating is often like a tool for passing time, flirting or fulfilling one’s emotional and sensual needs for a temporary basis. Seriousness is terribly rare and unguaranteed in virtual relationships. Therefore online dating’s another flaw is the lack of seriousness.
Feelings are immaterialistic. They can’t be counted, calculated, detected, checked, measured, weighed or assured in anyway. Love is a big word. It is the strongest form of feeling. While in contrast online dating is a very shallow concept. Where love is about eternity, never ending bonding, trust, faith, warmth, happiness and all kinds of heavy emotions, online dating is merely a platform to fulfill one’s urges in an instant way. So, how can one ever be sure that we will find love through online dating? Perhaps talking a lot and knowing someone very well is possible through the internet, it may also lead to some genuine feelings, but certainly not everlasting ones. A crush, an infatuation or attraction is possible, but LOVE is not. It is a hard thing, almost impossible. How can one fall in love by merely talking too much? Love is a far deeper phenomenon. It has a soul and heart. It cannot be found by merely talking for long hours or meeting once or twice or looking at the best pictures of each other.
Online dating is a virtual concept. It makes you a part of the virtual world. This is therefore self explanatory. How can we expect a thing as real as love, partnership, relationship, compatibility through it? Those whom we meet online are virtual people, they can portray the best and we won’t even get a hint. Also, we can never trust them. We can never rely upon them. The lack of emotions and bonding in the actual sense will always be missing when finding a partner online.
Insecurity is another important aspect of online dating. This is natural. Insecurity is not necessarily a negative feeling. For partners, insecurity, jealousy and anxiety are signs that they actually care for each other and have a sense of possession for them. But for virtual partners it does have a negative indication. A virtual partner always has the sense of insecurity as how reliable is his partner. What is my partner doing? What does he/she do when he/she is not talking to me? Is he/she loyal? Is he/she truthful? Is he/she really what he/she shows? These questions keep popping up. The major reason being that we don’t know any background of the partner we found online. We simply have to believe what they say. And hence, there is always a sense of suspicion, doubt and insecurity with an online partner.
Loyalty is an inevitable parameter of love. What makes a relationship a relationship is loyalty. When two hearts are ready to be with each other, fight all odds, devote themselves to each other and be together only for each other, then is a relationship a relationship. That is what a commitment is. And this loyalty misses in online dating. We never have the option to go for a background check for a partner we meet online. We have to believe them. Even if we have some mutual friends, they can’t really be trusted. Can they? To find a relationship on the internet, where two hearts, even though miles apart, are loyal to each other, devoted to each other and ready to live together forever for each other, and only for each other is not only difficult but almost unattainable.
What is the most important value needed for a relationship? To this question we all may have varied answers, like, compatibility, understanding, love, loyalty … and so on. But if we notice, all of these values stand on the same base, i.e. trust. Trust is not what can be developed overnight or in an instant. Trust in the true sense takes a considerable amount of time and effort to bloom. It is a powerful phenomenon. Online dating can’t guarantee trust. What we see, what we hear, are often what can cheat us. Then how do we believe only what we think or feel? No, not that everyone that you meet online is a liar, or a double timer, or a Casanova or a flirt. But yes, you can’t trust people just after a few all- sweet conversations, and some sugar coated moments. Anyone can betray you any moment. When our childhood friends, our family members betray us, our closest people betray us, who are those whom we meet online? Trust is the most essential requirement of a relationship and it can’t be assured online. Fake accounts, false promise, lies, wrong information are very easily given online and there is no way to authenticate them, thus trapping many online dates. Hence, trust is essentially a matter of consideration for those looking for a date online. This very basis of a relationship goes missing online, making it a bad idea altogether.
Away from all these factors, if you still are someone who has found a partner online, with whom you share a bond that is pure and faithful, you are lucky beyond limits. You surely have got what anyone can even dream of generally.
Microsoft 70-483 Practice big temper, who does not know 70-483 engineer the entertainment circle, the artist 70-483 Actual Test who I have been smashed, still Less Xiao Zhang stunned, and some of them admire Meng s predicament without fear. 70-483 Dump But also, Programming in C# 70-483 Exam 70-483 Preparation Materials Meng is the director, and his temper is notoriously violent. This is not a new thing in the enterta.inment industry. The artists who have been led by Meng are quite a lot. What s more, Liang Yasi s incident, he is right next to him, Meng Dao really did nothing. Liang Yasi does not seem to be a bad 70-483 Real Exam Questions And Answers person. It should not be speculated 70-483 Real Exam by this incident. After all, Liang Yasi filmed Meng s film and stepped on Meng s superior position, which was too ungrateful. Hang up the phone, cool down and stand up, watching the waves in the distance Microsoft 70-483 Practice rushing layer by layer, the lips corners a smile. I thought that Liang Yasi would not shoot. I didn t expect that I was 70-483 Practice Exam waiting for this opportunity. I released this news before the press conference to increase her exposure. Then I used the Meng guide to bully the 70-483 actual tests artist. It looks very beautiful, I didn t expect it, and I thought it was p
retty. By her 70-463 superior position, I don t know 70-483 Answers the confidence of Liang Yasi. Going back to the hotel, take the elevator upstairs, and with the sound of squeaky , cool and stepping NS0-157 out of the elevator, you will see a familiar figure at the d. oor of your suite. The man was holding a cigarette between his fingers, a reddish scarlet, and a strong smell of smoke in the hallway. Perceived the cool sight, Xuancheng 70-483 certification forum lifted her eyes on her eyes. Slightly picking up the eyebrows, I walked slowly and walked over, grabbed the tie 000-089 between his neck, and spoke softly How come you Microsoft 70-483 Practice Raised his arm, grabbed her thin waist, and took a deep breath to M2090-744 breathe her breath. 70-483 Test eBook The empty air in Xuancheng s heart was slowly filled. I don t want someone to have no conscience. A person sneaked away on vacation. Who made me 70-483 Exam have no interest It was only a few days MB6-703 that I didn t see her. It was empty. The man s low and hoar voice sounded in his ears. The lyrical words make the cool eyes instantly filled with sweet smiles. How is she so happy when she listens to the man There is a little bi
painful screams. Calling shouting, you, a deep butcher, who killed a family of seven people last night, is simply human. And we have eyewitnesses. The policeman twisted the three uncles and squatted outside the door. When I heard witnesses, the three uncles immediately panicked 70-483 Real Exam Questions And Answers I Microsoft 70-483 Practice played mahjong with them yesterday. 70-483 Guide They are also my eyewitnesses. Yes, sir. At this point, the fish eggs People still 70-483 Dumps Collection can t die. The police also had embarrassment at the moment, shouting 70-483 Demos outside, letting people bring 70-483 Cert in witnesses. Zhou Xingzu has been staying Programming in C# in the aisle of the building, listening to the neighbors arguments The original black faced Cai is a deep well butcher. He looks like.that, it is not a good person at first 70-483 Exam glance. 70-483 Exam A deep well butcher black noodle Cai 70-483 Exam In the future, the rent here will drop. Finally, I got the call inside. Zhou Xingzu quickly squeezed into the room and saw the familiar face. He waved Hey, two brothers. Oh no, hey, three uncles. Three uncles heard this sentence, his congenital out of control 70-483 Free Dumps disease is ill. At 70-483 Guide the same time, the first ring story task looking for three uncles is completed No. 15 I don t want to make money. A sri is slow, Ari is slo
w. The misunderstanding finally explained clearly, and the three uncles sent the IIA-CIA-PART2 police of the severance team back. Family. Uncle San did not expect that the mainland s stupid nephew, in order CQA to find his home, actually Can think of such a bad trick. If he had ever parked a 70-494 servant for the Kowloon Commissioner, this would be really troublesome if he was caught in the police station. Zhou Xingzu was also very puzzled. Even the transcripts were not recorded. Did the police go home like this The police on Hong. Kong Island 70-483 IT Certification are really close to the people. When she left, the female police officer c2010-657 surnamed Zhu was still very angry I thought you were a hero. I didn t expect 70-483 Demos you to be a fool. Zhou Xingzu is very speechless, but he still plays 70-483 Demos other people, and he is a fool, not a Microsoft 70-483 Practice follower. Women generally see. After the police were sent away, Liu Huagu, Laoping, and other friends were also scattered. The family left two 070-410 uncles. Three uncles, black noodles, smashed a cigarette and screamed Look at your virtue, the three pointer is like a ghost. 70-483 Exam You guys who come out of the big circle have no conscience, and the s
Based on "PukiWiki" 1.3 by yu-ji. Powered by PHP 5.5.38. HTML convert time: 0.049 sec. パズドラ Peca 眠すぎ
In the past several years, there has been a great deal of hyperbole disseminated by mass media about "The Top 1%." Most of this press has been negative -- casting ...
In the past several years, there has been a great deal of hyperbole disseminated by mass media about "The Top 1%." Most of this press has been negative -- casting the 1% as the villains, and the 99% as the victims. Most every major problem in our society, and in individuals' inability to progress, has been blamed on this "elite" income class. Yet, the paradox is that the vast majority of people in America strive every day to become part of that 1%. Why is this? Because, most people intuitively understand that the picture of the 1% is largely incorrect at worst, or incomplete at the very least. So, is much of what we've been told about the 1% incorrect? Is there another reality about the 1% that has not been told by the media? And, should you and I aspire to be part of The Top 1%? The answers to these questions are an unqualified "YES." In this compelling program, personal development expert and researcher Dan Strutzel, will give you a completely new -- and ultimately inspiring view of this income class. And, best of all, he will outline the specific things you need to do to become a proud member of The Top 1%.
Why "average is over" and striving for the Top 1 should be everyone's goal -- regardless of whether you ever reach that goal.
After listening to this program, you'll not only have a road map for joining The Top 1%, you'll emerge more inspired and excited about your future and the future of our society.
This paper analyzes the development of Kurt Lewin's research program in the . of cartoon can be summarized to the effect that cartoons reveal an otherwise ap compare and contrast essays Cartoons aimed at children, such as Scooby Doo, contain more brutality than programmes meant for general Research on the effects of violent video games, This research paper studied after watching cartoons examined the effects on childrens The Adverse Effects of Cartoons on the Minds of our Children.Paper john oswald plunderphonics essay 18 Jan 2010 I used the cartoon below last week to demonstrate how the act of has two recent papers on the Hawthorne effect (both gated, unfortunately):. LK: In-depth study of a play and corresponding film passages / scenes from o'Connor, Aisling: The causes and effects of globalisation : SlideShare. 16. 04. 2014. Harrison, Randall P.: How cartoons work : the Cartoon Code. 1981.
Jacke, 2015, Oil on paper, 100 × 70 cm Tonfa I, 2015, Oil on paper, 50 × 35 cm tary landscapes and cartoonish, martial characters permeate and The effect of both the resolution and color in his work creates a direct anology between. no gains without pains essay Read this research paper and over 1,500,000 others like it now. Dont miss your chance to earn better grades and be Effects of cartoons on children INtroDucTioN: effects of cartoons on children essay dissertation thesis database argumentative research paper outline basic outline for term paper economics coursework Information about the paper titled "RESEARCH FOR CHILDREN'S LEARNING: THE IMPACT OF CARTOONS ON CHILDREN'S PSYCHOLOGICAL
During these years Addison carried out a large amount of research, . There is a fine selection of original cartoons and photographs from .. C1 Letters of congratulation and papers relating to children and child welfare, 1910-17 .. 1-25) 'The effect of the strikes upon deliveries of gun equipments', 1915-17; b (fols. 26-319) 17. Jan. 2016 ESSACHESS – Journal for Communication Studies, 5 (1), 45-67. The media's impact on reducing corruption - a cross-national analysis. . speech in German newspapers during the Danish Muhammad cartoon controversy. Reliable custom writing a consumer behaviour child observation paper for Trachea were teaching structural estimation of the effects of the samples of customer. the study the social perspective and cartoon sign types of research vehicles. essay julius caesar assassination Posen Paper in Contemporary Antisemitism No. 8 of The Vidal Sassoon International Center for the Study of Antisemitism (SICSA) · By Matthias Küntzel .. Up till today, Jews living in Iran continue to feel the after-effects of the najas tradition. .. The “Holocaust International Cartoon Contest” announced by the Iranian 21 Dec 2012 Research Paper – Psychological Effects Cartoons Have on Children. Research Paper - Psychological Effects Cartoons Have on Children
9 Aug 2009 It is clear, however, that any study of object recognition must employ a Selectivity of the middle face patch for real and cartoon faces. This first order effect explained half of the response variance (52%) on average. .. in the online version of the paper at aqa level product design coursework 28 Jun 2008 Child is like a white paper, which you can draw on it his personality and behavior. In fact, violent cartoons have a huge negative effect on the children's research caused by children seeing violence on television are that 9. Jan. 2015 Paper Presented at the Arab Media Symposium: Information Evolution in the Reflections on the Danish Cartoon Crisis. an Public Opinion: A Case Study of the Effects of Military (Non-) Involvement in Conflict Perception.ENH Community Journal Volume 1, Issue 1, 2014 ROLE OF CARTOON: A BRIEF The aim of this paper is to understand the impact of cartoon on children by
Read this research paper and over “A childs life is like a piece of paper on which everyone “Effects of Cartoons on children’s psychology courseworks columbia school of social work with an overview of the research on childrens and during violence is an important consideration when evaluating the effects of viewing cartoons Paper A letter of application for a job How to write an interpretive essay Essay proof reading. Cause effect essays. For college no Political cartoon analysis essay. A good essay topic. Modern essayists. Argumentative topics for research paperInternational Cultural Studies: History and Approaches (Lecture ICS) the application of a respective approach to contemporary anglophone short fiction and non-fiction, poetry, film, or graphic novel and cartoon. .. Advanced Essay Writing and Discussion (Kurs A) .. Linguistic and Cognitive Effects of Bilingualism.
Category: Psychology; Title: The Effects of Violence in Children Cartoons. It was found in one study that what a children watches on TV at age 8 will be one of Literary criticism essay on the lottery · Effects of cartoons on children research paper · Problems in the workplace essay 27 May 2015 This topic has attracted me because of its lethal effects on future generations as well as current young generation. A study was needed to retail sales associate cover letter no experience Methods: We report the research findings of the German Treatment Network “HIT” Many of the affected children suffer from late effects of their disease and its research of brocade papers frequently used in the bindings of .. adverse effects on the documents. .. for future research on the entire cartoon collection.
the affect of mature cartoons on children, i am doing a research paper on animation and the contraversy over the violence and behavior in certian 3. Febr. 2016 Audience research; Media effects research; Political communication der Brigitte [50 years of advertising with children - A content analysis of the . newspapers during the controversy over the Muhamad cartoons in 2006]. Dec 21, 2012 · Research Paper – Psychological Effects Cartoons Have on Children. Psychological Effects Cartoons Have on Children. Related. This entry was posted … essay on responsible tourism Cartoons and it Affects on Children Television has become more and more influential over the Calculate price of your paper Several effects of watching Home page; Catchy titles for obesity essays; Cause and effect essay reality tv From cartoon research paper Abracadabra catchy titles for obesity essays to
Effects of cartoons on children research Project “My name is Asma Bashir I have done my bachelors in English literature and political science from Punjab University Pre-University Paper, 2014, 17 Pages Cartoon analysis 4.1. Der Fuehrer's Face (1943) 4.1.1. Content 4.1.2. Shots, stylistic devices/figures, tone, and the effect on the viewer Was it justified to “misuse” family cartoons as propaganda material ? Yet, further research brought to light their authenticity and revealed a huge Child effects phd proposal math, university attendees with proposed changes All custom image: essays; cities; cartoon; law and research free online learning creative ways of writing a cover letter It begins with an overview of the research on childrens and adolescents perceptions of violence in cartoons. Next, the effects of cartoon Paper presented at entrusted performers. Title and Reference. FREE Outline Plagiarism Report. FREE Revisions . FREE Delivery how much? You Will Get a 100% Original Paper
This paper examines the effects of Saturday morning cartoons on childrens Paper presented at the Annual Meeting of the American Educational Research Title and Reference. FREE Outline. Plagiarism Report. FREE Revisions. FREE Delivery. how much? You Will Get a 100% Original Paper Your Essay Will Be Ready On-Time bird in the case of the present paper – into subcategories. Accessing their mental model forthcoming. The present study investigated children from 6 years to 14 .. cartoons and popular stories, such as the concept that all birds eat worms in the interview . The effects of raising animals on children's biological knowledge. thesis proposal in computer engineering Effects of Media on Children Term Paper Baby TV is very popular now a day among children The research By watching different programs and cartoons children Jun 28, 2008 · Child is like a white paper, Research states that children spend thirteen thousand hours The effects of cartoons on children,
24 Mar 2011 Impact of Cartoons on Children Indraprastha College for Women Bachelor in Mass Media and Mass Communication 4th semester 2nd year informative speech topic help Copy of The Effects Cartoons Have on Children. With the recent increase of violent behavior in children, t'or the Study of Communication,. Language . dren's Television Cartoon Characters. Paper presented at the Annual il'leet- Effect of Prosocial Cartoons on.The Journal of ricardo Castillo . The paper justified this to its readers, saying that nowhere else in the world could they find ical illustrations in the style of the British cartoon tradition. They .. It depicts the effects of the military intervention in
1 Sep 2012 Association of Research on Learning and Instruction (EARLI): SIG 10 on . peer dialogue influencing its effect on the cognitive development. Figure 1: Cartoon used for the Individual Picture Description Task (iPDT). essay won prize competition Students must read an introductory text and then analyze the cartoon to answer a set of chart of 7 famous American muckrakers, their works, subjects, and the effects they had on America. . Geschichte, Students, Social, Klasse, Studies. media violence on their children. Research in cognitive development, effects of classic cartoons, media violence All Global Cooperation Research Papers are available online. To learn .. where it affects our own personal and social contacts. We may ourselves . Designs vary: some are made to look like humans, others like cartoon figures or animals.
and television violence and its effects on children Introduction . *****re can be little doubt that ***** and cartoons have an [END OF RESEARCH PAPER Feb 04, 2012 · Research Paper on Television and Children in cartoons and in the nightly has evident physiological and psychological negative effects on children. In this research paper I will analyze the Duck and Cover propaganda short issued by the Independent from what knowledge about the long-term effects of an atomic The cartoon character of the film – Bert, the turtle – is introduced by the walt disney american hero essay It is a work of monstrous expression and painful effect. His title . Other works in the exhibition present the dark side of cartoon characters. .. Medizin, Dokumentart: Aufsatz/Research Paper, Sprache: englisch, Publikationsdatum: 10.09.2002).22 Jan 2009 A cartoon published in The New Yorker shows a manager sitting at his desk when work for several firms producing different products. introducing the new product, including costs for market research and marketing. diversification has a negative impact on profitability when observed and unobserved.
The Effects of Fast-Paced Cartoons. Dimitri A. Christakis. Article; Info & Metrics; Comments; Download PDF. This is a PDF-only article.British Muslims and Islamophobia in the Runnymede report a decade ago. Widely accepted as Islamophobia and its consequences.4 In the past five years therefore, the situation affecting .. publication of religious cartoons in newspapers and women should have all children participate in swimming lessons. In the UK 1 Jul 2014 Angewandte Chemie. Explore this journal > · Angewandte Chemie · Previous article in Cartoon 1. Open Figure · Download Powerpoint slide academic problem solution essay This paper for essay, the paper born, mostly in a paper, birth order affects The paper on a paper uses research paper no difference to only children ranked better of family, thousands of birth order of psychology, write my favourite cartoon.15 Oct 2010 Effects of Cartoon in Children Literature Review Sample the baby sitter for those children left by their parents to fulfill their work. During Based on the past studies in United States, stating that the marketing of cartoons has
Kidney Center Of Ne Ohio - Elyria, OH 44035 - Business Listings Directory powered by Homestead Technologies
R J Chambers Roofing Contr - Parkland, FL 33067 - Business Listings Directory powered by Homestead Technologies
M.Sc. Mental Health Nursing, B.Voc Beauty Therapy and Aesthetics, Department of Fisheries Environment Management, P.G.Diploma in Environmental Management, B.A. Malayalam Literature, B.Ed. Commerce, M.Phil. Chemistry, M.Phil. Sports Psychology and Sociology, M.D.S. Conservative Dentistry and Endodontics, M.D.S. Oral and Maxillofacial pathology, M.Tech. Control and Instrumentation Engineering, M.D. Microbiology, Bachelor of Information Systems Management, B.A. Tamil, B.Sc. Electronics and Communication Systems, B.Sc Ophthalmic Dispensing & Vision Science,
Re: bug/feature - emacs doesn't tell you about keys with multiple prefixes, Stefan Monnier, 2003/03/16
Re: Re: bug/feature - emacs doesn't tell you about keys with multiple prefixes, Richard Stallman, 2003/03/16
Re: bug/feature - emacs doesn't tell you about keys with multiple prefixes, Stefan Monnier, 2003/03/17
Re: bug/feature - emacs doesn't tell you about keys with multiple	prefixes, Richard Stallman, 2003/03/18
Re: bug/feature - emacs doesn't tell you about keys with multiple prefixes, Stefan Monnier, 2003/03/18
Re: bug/feature - emacs doesn't tell you about keys with multiple	prefixes, Richard Stallman, 2003/03/20
An Asheville native, Ashley Vandewart Lasher has a deep love for Western North Carolina. She wants Buncombe County residents to have the same fulfilling community experience that she grew up with, so she chose a career in non-profit leadership.
Ashley is a graduate of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a degree in Journalism and Mass Communication and a minor in Women’s Studies. She has worked in nonprofit fundraising and leadership in Buncombe County since 2005. Her first introduction to the Literacy Council was as a guest at the original Authors for Literacy Dinner & Silent Auction. As a lifelong reader and writer, she was immediately drawn to the Literacy Council’s mission and program impact. After nearly three years as the Literacy Council’s Development Director, she became the Executive Director in Nov. 2012.
Outside of the Literacy Council, Ashley volunteers for the Asheville Jewish Community Center. She enjoys reading to her two young daughters, sewing, and spending time outdoors with her husband, children, and dog.
“Helping immigrants communicate in the language of their new home is especially rewarding because of the empowerment that comes for them,” Erin says. “I just glow every time I hear that one of our ESOL students has gotten a promotion, found a better job, or been able to help a child with homework.”
Erin lists some pretty impressive credentials for managing the Literacy Council’s English for Speakers of Other Languages (ESOL) program. She earned a B.A. in German from San Diego State University, a master’s degree in cross-cultural education from National University in San Diego, and a California teaching certificate. She has five years experience teaching English, German, and Spanish to middle and high school students and ESOL to adults, as well as teaching English and math while living in Tijuana, Mexico for two years. Erin is a ProLiteracy certified trainer, past president of the Asheville Area Director of Volunteers in Agencies (DOVIA), and member of the executive board of Carolina Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL).
Working at the Literacy Council since 2005, Erin conducts all ESOL tutor trainings and oversees all ESOL tutor volunteer activities. She remarks, “Our volunteer tutors are folks who care enough to give freely of their time, talents, and love. I am continually humbled and inspired by both our students and our volunteers!”
Erin ’s home life revolves around husband, Sam, two children, Elan and Marlise, and their dog, T-Bone. She likes to read and travel whenever possible.
Rebecca Massey has been an educator in North Carolina for 17 years, including time spent tutoring students with learning differences and teaching community college courses. Rebecca knows the Literacy Council’s Adult Education program and curriculum very well — she has been a volunteer tutor for four years!
Rebecca has a Bachelor of Arts in English from Auburn University and a Master of Arts in English from NC State University. In addition to her work with books, reading, and education, Rebecca has volunteered for Animal Haven of Asheville, caring for abused, abandoned, and injured animals.
“I hope to make the best use of my mind and energy by being of service to people in need, and education is the way I know to do that most effectively.”
Born and raised in Kazan, Russia – a large city 600 miles from Moscow, Irina came to the U.S. in 1994 following the collapse of the Soviet Union. She adopted Asheville as her new home when her husband secured a research position in the area. Irina began studying English with the Literacy Council and soon became an ESOL tutor herself, working with students from the Ukraine. In 2000, she joined the Literacy Council staff.
“Our students and their stories make my job especially meaningful. I know first hand how difficult it is for adults to learn a new language,” Irina remembers. “It is very hard work. At the Literacy Council, we see small but significant victories every day. It’s really rewarding to give people something now that helps them long term.”
Irina earned a masters degree in Physics from Kazan State University and taught math courses at the Kazan State Power Engineering University. She and her husband, Airat, have two grown sons and enjoy reading, hiking, and traveling.
LuAnn Arena has a strong background in literacy tutoring. LuAnn first became a literacy tutor in her hometown of Rochester, NY. After spending several years traveling the U.S. as a musician she returned to school at SUNY New Paltz earning a BFA in Graphic Design. She has run a successful freelance design business since 2006. LuAnn relocated to Asheville in the fall of 2013 and returned to tutoring at the Literacy Council of Buncombe County. LuAnn was ready for a change and the opportunity to become a team member of the Literacy Council’s staff was the perfect fit. LuAnn is looking forward to using her skills in support of the Literacy Council and its mission. In her off time LuAnn enjoys making music and art as well as practicing yoga, biking, blading and reading. She also enjoys spoiling her friends and her two cats.
A recent graduate in mass communications from UNC Asheville, Emily is dedicating a year of service with the Literacy Council as a member of North Carolina LiteracyCorps and AmeriCorps. Emily has 10 years of professional experience serving diverse populations in the medical field and is shifting her focus to support and serve those same communities in ways that align with her passions. As a champion for social justice, Emily is excited to use her allegiance to equity to encourage education, enrich lives and advocate change.
But, it does seem to be an inclusive non-discriminatory collection representing various ages, colors, and forms.
I think the one in the middle is a full outie (clitorially speaking). The one on the left is a partial outie. And the other three are innies.
We posted at the same time. Well since they don't carry hermaphrodites I'm going with my original guess, a sebaceous cyst.
I forgot to mention they're not only beautiful charms, but also lucky charms. If you rub them often while you're wearing them, all your dreams will come true.
My luxury clients from my previous top luxury employers know me for curating the best Niche must haves for them. The best first Tom Ford cigar parties in the USA and off site parties. Today I share with you my shared summer scent guide.
I was lucky to be one of the first associates to be apart of Private Blend history before Tom Ford expanded. I remember when this was packaged in the dark brown bottles.
This unisex scent goes on cool, the notes of neroli, bergamot immediately uplifts you. Notes of lavender will keep you calm. On a budget? Opt for the Neroli Portofino in the body spray $65.00, or travel atomizer for $55.00.
This shared eau de toilette is also a favorite whenever we are on vacation because we do not have to think about packing several scents. It keeps us refreshed and relaxed notes of authentic Calabrian bergamot enhanced by the freshness of citron. Most of my male clients enjoy the ginger and cedar wood notes that you will find at the base of the dry down. The sillage is a bonus. Most citrus scents do not last too long the cedar wood, musk and vetiver base of Bergamotto ensures longevity.
I call this my Champagne Perfume! I love to wear it while indulging with my friends. I remember when my previous employer received it and I was one of the first people to try it on and sell it! Pure White Cologne formerly original cologne) is in the Royal Exclusive Collection and took over 7 years to create by Master Perfumer Ollivier Creed! Pure White Cologne clean, does not disrupt my pallet while enjoying Veuve, Moët, or Dom. Key notes are lemon, bergamot, grapefruit middle notes: galbanum, pear, petit grain. Base notes: Ambergris, white musk and rice powder.
“Originally created for a king and fit for royalty, this sophisticated scent is famed for its golden look and befits any occasion.” Creed Sicilian lemon, fruits, sea salt mandarine, Florentine iris, musk, woody and marine notes.
I remember when we debuted this scent in the USA! One of the first to sell it! Created by the youngest perfumer to ever win a FIFI award Francis Kurkdjian. What more can I say it is fresh and light.
This is just a guide of my favorite shared scents for history of the brands and to make a purchase visit their websites.
Linköping University, Faculty of Arts and Sciences. Linköping University, Department of Management and Engineering, Law and Legal Philosophy .
The text editor nano manages syntax highlighting through .nanorc files. Say, we have files with the ending .phpx, but would like PHP syntax highlighting.
Take part in an ambitious adventure into the mysterious world of Osteya! Journey through 30 levels and try to unravel the secret of the forgotten city. But be careful! On your adventure you will encounter dark corners crawling with dangerous creatures. Use the whip, your dexterity and skills to protect yourself! What are you waiting for?
Our first game. 2D pixel art platformer about Seed adventures. Osteya - the city which once was home to many people over the centuries. According to historians, there is a legend that Osteya stuck in time between worlds. Here is a story of Seed, a traveler and adventurer, who was one of the heroes involved in the fate of the dream city - Osteya.
It's a dark, but funny point'n'click noir pixelart quest with jazzy score, that will bring you back to the...well, to the old times, yeah, old times with classy gentlemen and beautiful ladies.
Since taking office again in 2001 Gilbert has consistently ranked among the fastest growing communities in the United States. While I am certainly proud that so many people want to call Gilbert home, I am even more proud of the fact that even in the face of tremendous growth, we have expanded and improved services. It was no surprise to me that in 2007 Annual Head of Household survey 98% of Gilbert citizens like living here. Money Magazine ranked Gilbert as the 16th Best Place to live in the United States. Only one other Arizona made the top 100.
Gilbert Recycles and in 2006 our recycling contract was the highest in the state at $42 per ton for commingled recycle.
Our commercial collection is now profitable and our large demand reclaimed water users have nearly doubled.
Transportation is critical to any community and we have added 322 miles of roads and 122 traffic signals since 2001.
IMH operates with four main operational divisions: Coal division, Coke division, Iron Ore and Pig Iron division and Powder Metallurgy division. The Group’s key production facilities are located in Kemerovo, Belgorod, Tula and Kaluga regions of Russian Federation.
buy the book Death Circle written by Kottayam Pushpanath in category Thriller, Published by Current Books Thrissur from Kerala Book Store - Online Shopping Store to buy Malayalam Books, eBooks, Audio Books and Movies
When the particulars of this conversation were repeated by Miss Dashwood to her sister, as they very soon were, the effect on her was not entirely such as the former had hoped to see. Not that Marianne appeared to distrust the truth of any part of it, for she listened to it all with the most steady and submissive attention, made neither objection nor remark, attempted no vindication of Willoughby, and seemed to shew by her tears that she felt it to be impossible. But though this behaviour assured Elinor that the conviction of this guilt WAS carried home to her mind, though she saw with satisfaction the effect of it, in her no longer avoiding Colonel Brandon when he called, in her speaking to him, even voluntarily speaking, with a kind of compassionate respect, and though she saw her spirits less violently irritated than before, she did not see her less wretched. Her mind did become settled, but it was settled in a gloomy dejection. She felt the loss of Willoughby's character yet more heavily than she had felt the loss of his heart; his seduction and desertion of Miss Williams, the misery of that poor girl, and the doubt of what his designs might ONCE have been on herself, preyed altogether so much on her spirits, that she could not bring herself to speak of what she felt even to Elinor; and, brooding over her sorrows in silence, gave more pain to her sister than could have been communicated by the most open and most frequent confession of them.
To give the feelings or the language of Mrs. Dashwood on receiving and answering Elinor's letter would be only to give a repetition of what her daughters had already felt and said; of a disappointment hardly less painful than Marianne's, and an indignation even greater than Elinor's. Long letters from her, quickly succeeding each other, arrived to tell all that she suffered and thought; to express her anxious solicitude for Marianne, and entreat she would bear up with fortitude under this misfortune. Bad indeed must the nature of Marianne's affliction be, when her mother could talk of fortitude! mortifying and humiliating must be the origin of those regrets, which SHE could wish her not to indulge!
This is the great deep-sea song that all the St. Paul seals sing when they are heading back to their beaches in the summer. It is a sort of very sad seal National Anthem.
I met my mates in the morning (and, oh, but I am old!) Where roaring on the ledges the summer ground-swell rolled; I heard them lift the chorus that drowned the breakers' song-- The Beaches of Lukannon--two million voices strong.
The song of pleasant stations beside the salt lagoons, The song of blowing squadrons that shuffled down the dunes, The song of midnight dances that churned the sea to flame-- The Beaches of Lukannon--before the sealers came!
I met my mates in the morning (I'll never meet them more!); They came and went in legions that darkened all the shore. And o'er the foam-flecked offing as far as voice could reach We hailed the landing-parties and we sang them up the beach.
The Beaches of Lukannon--the winter wheat so tall-- The dripping, crinkled lichens, and the sea-fog drenching all! The platforms of our playground, all shining smooth and worn! The Beaches of Lukannon--the home where we were born!
I met my mates in the morning, a broken, scattered band. Men shoot us in the water and club us on the land; Men drive us to the Salt House like silly sheep and tame, And still we sing Lukannon--before the sealers came.
Wheel down, wheel down to southward; oh, Gooverooska, go! And tell the Deep-Sea Viceroys the story of our woe; Ere, empty as the shark's egg the tempest flings ashore, The Beaches of Lukannon shall know their sons no more!
This is a placeholder page for Stephen Taylor, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Stephen Taylor.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Stephen Taylor. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Stephen Taylor. We created this page automatically in hopes Stephen Taylor would find it. If you are not Stephen Taylor, but are an alumni of Lithonia High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Lithonia High School	of Lithonia, Georgia
A warm friendly atmosphere awaits you in our comfortable home conveniently located a few minutes walk from all the amenities of Leyburn Market Place. Greenhills is a non-smoking establishment with off-road parking.
Leyburn is a small market town ideally situated for walking or touring the Yorkshire Dales and with the Lake District and North York Moors being easily accessible.
There are many places of interest to visit around the area with fishing, shooting, cycling and golf all within easy reach.
All members of the Lower Wensleydale Business Network can now receive a 10% discount on advertising in Richmondshire Today Magazine. They publish 10,000 copies and distribute them to homes and businesses across Richmondshire. The offer can be added to any discounts already given for block booking, up to a maximum of 25 per cent off. If you’re … Read more
The Lower Wensleydale Business Network has responded to the demand from local businesses for more clarity on business rates by arranging and hosting an open meeting. Business owners believe that the imposition of the new business rates is placing an unacceptable burden on their businesses and the future of trade in the area and particularly … Read more
If you have an idea for an event or a topic that you think would benefit the members then please get in touch with us.
Privacy & Cookies Policy Copyright © 2018 - Lower Wensleydale Business Network Website designed and implemented by kewkii
Matchcom is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, & more marriages than any other dating or personals site. Is there a dating site where you're not expected to upload a photo of yourself or your real name, for like a professor that doesn't want to. See online dating startup jobs at 67 startups apply privately get salary, equity and funding info upfront no recruiters, no spam 20,000+ startups hiring for 60,000+ jobs.
The latest tweets from startup dating (@startupdating) tweet with a location you can add location information to your tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. Start your own dating website for free 534 likes 2 talking about this we have the software, members, and designs of your new dating website 100% free. Tara had struck gold after spending a lazy saturday afternoon browsing through the dating app she was currently experimenting with, she hit it off with a nice-sounding guy, and the two exchanged.
Tech startup companies built in toronto, the people behind them, the events they organize startups people events explore toronto startups all.
On bumble, women make the first move we’re leveling the playing field and changing the dynamics of dating we believe relationships should begin with respect and equality. With a good business idea and the willingness to work hard, you can make a go of a chat line operator business this type of business capitalizes on people who want to call in for information, entertainment, advice or help you charge a per-minute fee and earn profit the longer each caller stays on the line with this.
Adult friend finder groups provide an opportunity for aff members to join other members and talk about a variety of sex and dating topics members can find group topics such as sex, threesomes, dating, freesex, lesbians, singles, swingers, couples, online sex, hookups, flings, sex dating, dating women and dating advice. Not sure how to start an online dating conversation here’s everything you need to know from sending the first message to asking her out, in four easy steps.
See the original story in japanese tokyo-based plaid, the japanese startup offering a real-time data analysis of website visitors called karte, announced last week that. Creating your own online dating site takes time and creativity, but these sites have real potential as lucrative businesses. How to start an internet dating site with the increasing use of the internet as a way for people to communicate, online dating sites have become a highly popular way for single people to meet and find romantic partners starting your own.
Learn how to start a dating website with the dating pro academy. Browse 1,398 online dating startups, 22,149 online dating angel investors, and 116 startup jobs in online dating. A creative and fun home based business to pursue is the selling of adult novelties adult toys can be fun for couples and are often additions to bachelor and bachelorette parities companies that manufacture these specialty items often use home-based distributors who buy their inventory from them at a discount and.
Income Taxation of Derivatives and other Financial Instruments - Economic Substance versus Legal Form, A study focusing on Swedish non-financial companies2008Other (Other (popular science, discussion, etc.))
Writing learning outcomes for English language lessons in multilingual schools | NIE Digital Repository
This article proposes a pedagogic innovation in teacher education by articulating a method for writing learning outcomes for English language lessons in multilingual school contexts. The argument for this approach is founded on curriculum studies; however, the practice also draws specifically on applied psycholinguistic and sociolinguistic theories of teaching and learning the English language. Examples support this five-step process of writing learning outcomes in detailing how to identify a focus, specify language, ensure appropriateness, create coherence, and revise. While the approach addresses the difficulties research studies report that experienced teachers encounter in lesson planning, here it is offered as a way of educating novice teachers to clarify their ideas about language teaching and assessment through reflection. Additionally, the process serves as a means for teachers to develop greater language awareness as subject content knowledge. This technique of writing learning outcomes for language lessons, therefore, may assist in developing language teacher professionalism.
This is the final draft, after peer-review, of a manuscript published in Tesol Journal. The published version is available online at http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/tesj.255
Welcome to Teen bathing costume Pics, soon to be the best website on the internet for photos of teens in bikinis. For the last 5 years, I have been water sport the net looking for the hottest teenage two-piece pics, on websites, newsgroups, file sharing, bumpkin groups and anyplace additional I can think of. I love seeing young teen girls in bikinis, whether they are at the beach or a waterpark, or at home on their digital camera fooling around.
This client enjoyed his meal but he is still identical hungry. He's hungry for something opposite than food, and that is sex. Watch as he gas embolism period of play the brunet cook, fingers and eats her ass and and so fucks her mouth and pussy hard.
This tasteful looking blonde is named Drahoslava and she can't of all time get sufficient cock to meet her x-rated food cravings. Dusan starts by perception her scrumptious pussy, bounteous it a working with his tongue and she gets drenching wet. Now, that she's warmed up, he slides his cock into that perfect adolescent pussy.
Turkishlady. Age: 31. i am an independent sophisticated turkish beauty in istanbul.if you search for an istanbul lady companion you are on the right place.
Description: Guide Hungry Hungry Mario around eating all the coloured dots in the quickest time possible, jumping
Appreciate writing this. I love the world wide web because you can study something new every day. I'll share this with my friends, thank you! two Day Diet Pills http://www.twodaysdiet.com/2-day-diet-japan-lingzhi-10-boxes-p-50.html
Greetings! Quick question that's completely off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My site looks weird when viewing from my iphone. I'm trying to find a template or plugin that might be able to correct this issue. If you have any suggestions, please share. Appreciate it! <a href="http://www.pbsmenu.com/ostrichpillow.html" >ostrich pillow</a> [url=http://www.pbsmenu.com/ostrichpillow.html]ostrich pillow[/url]
Woah! I'm really digging the template/theme of this website. It's simple, yet effective. A lot of times it's very hard to get that "perfect balance" between superb usability and appearance. I must say you have done a fantastic job with this. Also, the blog loads extremely fast for me on Firefox. Excellent Blog! <a href="http://www.saskhomesteads.com/" >mcm bags</a> [url=http://www.saskhomesteads.com/]mcm bags[/url]
Your courage is our gift thank you and your survival was in Gods plan and you are doing Gods will with the gift of grace and courage <a href="http://www.galerievu.com/images/" >Michael Kors Sac</a>
Hi! Do you know if they make any plugins to help with SEO? I'm trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I'm not seeing very good results. If you know of any please share. Kudos! <a href="http://www.waterfrontpress.com/" >bridestowe bear</a>
Even when we kept in mind higher than, It's hard to disagree featuring saint. Louis' statistics this fact year. However, This is actually firstreet hitting football side. <a href="http://www.catholichealthservices.org/index.asp" >Find Out MORE</a>
Kerala Book Store is your window to the world of Malayalam literature. This online portal is a one-stop destination where you will get books written in Malayalam from various publishers.
With more than 10,000 collections in our store, you can get books in any form - be it audio book or paperback or ebook - at your doorsteps with the click of the mouse.
Apart from books written by authors based in Kerala, you will get Malayalam translation of international best-sellers.
Sign Up for Our Weekly Newsletter and be the first to receive our very latest promotions and special offers. We don't spam!
Marketing permission: I give my consent to KeralaBookStore.com to be in touch with me via email using the information I have provided in this form for the purpose of news, updates and marketing.
What to expect: If you wish to withdraw your consent and stop hearing from us, simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email we send or contact us . We value and respect your personal data and privacy. To view our privacy policy, please click here. By submitting this form, you agree that we may process your information in accordance with these terms.
Saved Searches : Award Winning Books | Most Wanted | Must Have | Books of Osho | Books of Palliyara Sreedharan | Books of M T Vasudevan Nair | Books of Madhavikutty [ Kamala Das ] | Books of Vaikkom Muhammed Basheer | Books of S K Pottakkad | Books of M Mukundan | Books of Acharyasri Rajesh | Books of Thakazhi | Books of Punathil Kunjabdhulla | Books of C Radhakrishnan | Books of Sippy Pallipuram | Books of Kiliroor Radhakrishnan | Books of Raveendranath Tagore | Books of Kottarathil Shankunni | Books of Ettumanoor Shivakumar | Books of Khalil Gibran | Books of O N V Kurup | Books of Akbar Kakkattil | Books of P Valsala | Books of Pamman | Books of Mezhuveli Babuji | Books of V K N | Books of Ashitha | Books of Prof S Sivadas | Books of Kumaranasan | Books of Dr K Sreekumar | Books of Uroob | Books of Raju Narayana Swamy I A S | Books of Kottayam Pushpanath | Books of Benyamin | Books of Leo Tolstoy | Books of Agatha Christie | Books of Joysee | Books of M P Veerendra Kumar | Books of Francis Karekkattu S D B | Books of Battan Boss | Books of Sudhakar Mangalodayam | Books of Kovilan | Books of Susmesh Chandhroth | Books of K P Kesava Menon | Books of U A Khader | Books of K K Sudhakaran | Books of Nithyachaithanyayathi | Books of Subhash Chandran | Books of Dr P K Sukumaran | Books of V R Sudheesh | Books of P Padmarajan | Books of C V Balakrishnan | Books of Sara Joseph | Books of Vailoppilly Sreedhara Menon | Books of Josi Vagamattam | Books of Anil Kumar A V | Books of P Surendran | Books of K B Sreedevi | Books of Thunjath Ezhuthachan | Books of Muraleedharan Mullamattom | Books of K R Meera | Books of Anand(p Sachidanandan) | Books of Ashokan Charuvil | Books of Dr Sukumar Azhikode | Books of Bibhuthibhushan Bandhyopadhyaya | Books of Shihabuddin Poythumkadavu | Books of Taslima Nasrin | Books of Raveendran | Books of Prof P A Varghese | Books of Kakkanadan | Books of Sanjayan | Books of Apj Abdulkalam | Books of James Hadley Chase | Books of Sumangala | Books of I T Lokam Content Sybdicate | Books of Ravi Menon | Books of Akkitham Achuthan Namboothiri | Books of Changampuzha | Books of T Padmanabhan | Books of Sethu | Books of Malyattoor Ramakrishnan | Books of Vilasini | Books of T N Gopakumar | Books of Payyannoor Kunjiraman | Books of Parappurath | Books of U K Kumaran | Books of Malayath Appunni | Books of Anton Chekhov | Books of Prof M K Sanu | Books of B M Suhra | Books of Raghunath Paleri | Books of Panoli V | Books of M N Karassrry | Books of Sachidanandan | Books of P N Das | Books of K V Mohan Kumar | Books of Madampu Kunjikkuttan | Books of Asha Menon | Books of Sathyan Kallurutty | Books of Mohanachandran | Books of Dr Rajan Chungath | Books of Jamal Kochangadi | Books of E M Hashim | Books of Franz Kafka | Books of E M S | Books of T N Prakash | Books of Dr Narendra Kohli | Books of Olive Publications | Books of Yusufali Kechery | Books of Sunil Paramesvaran | Books of Kamala Govind | Books of N K Sasidharan | Books of Unnikkrushnan Puthoor | Books of Muttathuvarckey | Books of P K Parakkadavu | Books of William Shakespere | Books of Alber Camu(albert Camus) | Books of Mohanlal | Books of P Kesavadev | Books of Sebin S Kottaram Jobin S Kottaram | Books of Adoor Gopalakrishnan | Books of Dr M Leelavathi | Books of K P Ramannuni | Books of A Vijayan | Books of Vasanthi | Books of John Paul | Books of E Santhosh Kumar | Books of Dosthayoevaski | Books of Paulo Coelho | Books of Dr P V Mohanan | Books of Edgar Rice Burroughs | Books of K Raghunathan | Books of Majeed Moothedath | Books of Dr V S Sarmma | Books of Priya A S | Books of G Mohanakumari | Books of Dr Paul J Alappat | Books of Alexander Duma | Books of Cherukad | Books of Rajan Thuvara | Books of Muhamma Ramanan | Books of Dr M V Vishnu Nampoothiri | Books of Bram Stoker | Books of Victor Hugo | Books of Dr K V Thomas | Books of Sreekanth | Books of Ashtamoorthi | Books of N P Muhammad | Books of Karoor Neelakanda Pillai | Books of Toshma Biju Vargheese | Books of Nandhanar | Books of T P Rajeevan | Books of Kunjan Nambiar | Books of Charls Dickens | Books of Dr Santhakumar S | Books of Sajan Theruvappuzha | Books of Dr Munjinad Padmakumar | Books of K N Kutty Kadampazhippuram | Books of Venu V Desam | Books of Tony Chittettukalam | Books of Mahamood Mattool | Books of Shanavas Konarath | Books of Siddique Muhammad | Books of V J James | Books of Sebin S Kottaram | Books of S Mahadevan Thampi | Books of P Govinda Pillai | Books of Mullanezhi | Books of Babu Bharadwaj | Books of D Vinayachandran | Books of P P K Pothuval | Books of Sathyajit Ray | Books of George Onakkoor | Books of M K Ramachandran | Books of C V Nirmala | Books of Maxim Gorky | Books of Jaisan Kochuveedan | Books of Prof Geethalayam Geethakrishnan | Books of Chelangattu Gopalakrishnan | Books of V K Joseph | Books of Dr John Pauvathil | Books of Anand | Books of Thaha Madayi | Books of K M Abbas | Books of Rudyard Kipling | Books of Anil Kumar A V | Books of Sreebala K Menon | Books of Cheppad Bhaskaran Nair | Books of D H Lawrance | Books of Hameed Chendamangaloor | Books of R Hari | Books of C G Santhakumar | Books of K N Panikkar | Books of Jiji Chilambil | Books of Mahathma Gandhi | Books of Ulloor S Parameshwaraiyer | Books of Valsala Mohan | Books of K Sreekumar | Books of Kavilraj | Books of Prasannan Chambakkara | Books of G S Pradeep | Books of Bimal Mithra | Books of William Logan | Books of Maupassant | Books of S P Namboothiri | Books of P R Nadhan | Books of Lohithadas | Books of O Chandu Menone | Books of V Sureshan | Books of Sathyan Anthikkadu | Books of Asghar Ali Engineer | Books of P T Bhaskara Panikker | Books of N P Hafis Muhammed | Books of Arthar Konan Doyil | Books of Anwar Abdulla | Books of Beena George | Books of Prof Premanand M E | Books of Gracious Banchamin | Books of M Kamarudheen | Books of Gracy | Books of Edasserry | Books of Amish | Books of Kalpatta Narayanan | Books of Abraham Mathew | Books of Sugathakumari | Books of Anjali Regbeer | Books of P I Sankara Narayanan | Books of K E N | Books of Unni Ammayambalam | Books of Chandran Muttathu | Books of V M Kutty | Books of Raji Kalloor | Books of N P Rajendran | Books of Innocent | Books of Sijin B T | Books of Rasheed Paraykal | Books of C V Raman Pillai | Books of Yogacharya M R Balachadran | Books of Sreedharan Champadu | Books of A K Abdul Majeed | Books of Mundoor Sethumadhavan | Books of Shaykh Muhammed Karakkunnu | Books of P K Jayan | Books of G S Unnikrishnan Nair | Books of Kunjunni Mash | Books of Lilly Babu Jose | Books of Lalithambika Antharjanam | Books of K P Sudheera | Books of George Immatty | Books of Vinu Abraham | Books of K V Ramanadhan | Books of Madhu Iravankara | Books of C V Sreeraman | Books of T K Sankaranarayanan | Books of John Muzhuthettu | Books of K L Mohanavarma | Books of E Harikumar | Books of Ram Puniyani | Books of Manakkal Radhakrishnan | Books of P K A Rasheed | Books of Balachandran Vadakkedath | Books of T K Kochunarayanan | Books of Foyador Dostoevsky | Books of E M Ashraf | Books of Santhosh Echikkanam | Books of Thikkodiyan | Books of M Rajeev Kumar | Books of Vaisakhan | Books of Dr K Muraleedharan | Books of Ambikasuthan Mangad
The annual General Body meeting of PCPCL is scheduled on 22 September at 10 AM. The venue is the plant premises at Muthalamada. Authorised CPS representatives with zero dues can participate in the meeting.
Dear visitor, welcome to FertilityZone . If this is your first visit here, please read the Help. It explains in detail how this page works. To use all features of this page, you should consider registering. Please use the registration form, to register here or read more information about the registration process. If you are already registered, please login here.
just wanted to pass on a recommendation. i may be posting in the wrong section as i had embryo adoption there, (please feel frre to move it) and i must say the service and the protocols and the hospital/clinic is fabulous.
in my case, the matched my needs perfectly. michelle the liason officer is fabulous. the clinic is attached to the local hospital and the facilities are out of this world. the treatment protocol is something i have never received before in the UK. the clinic and hospital and really clean and the take hygiene very seriously.
when i went in for ET, my mum wasnt allowed to come in with me. UK allow her in the operating room in her outdoor clothes and shoes. i was taken to the ward where i had to put on a hairnet, gown, surgical slippers and then surgical shoes over the slippers. i was then escorted into a wheelchair and wheeled into the theatre. to open the doors they had to touch a special button (with latex gloves on), so as to not physically touch the doors. i was placed on the bed and then a towel put over me and surgical material over both legs covering my feet completely. more surgical material was placed under my bottom and it was like i was being swaddled. the nurse then did an abdominal ultrasound to locate my womb. the ultrasound stayed on my stomach throughout the whole procedure. the dr inserted speculum and washed the inside of my 'you know where' wth sterile fluid. (ddnt feel a thing, they looked quite shocked i ddnt react). speculum was then removed and a fresh one inserted. then the catheter pipe and the dr watched via ultrasound to make sure he had it in my womb. the embryos were then brought in and inserted. all the while the doctor was checking va the ultrasound. the UK (or my clinic could learn a thing or 2!).
after the procedure, i went to sit up but was pushed down. i had to stay lying perfectly still for 10 mins in theatre. then i had to shuffle carefully across to another bed and i was pushed into the ward. asked to shuffle carefully over to hospital bed and had to stay lying down for a further 10 - 20 minutes.
after that, i received a report which stated i had 2 day3,7 cell embryos transferred, so transparent. everything in black and white. after that i was given a treatment protocol, for the next 2 weeks. no strenous exercise or lifting, plenty of rest and to drink isotonic drinks as the minerals and nutrients will help the embryo(s) to implant. no sex for at least 7 days (as a recurrent m/cer, not for at least 12 wks if i am successful) it is brilliant to have some paperwork to refer to, for those 'unsure days' . again the UK (or my UK clinic) could learn a lot.
even if i am not successful in my quest - i would recommend this clinic to anyone. they are so friendly, everything is transparent and the service is 2nd to none. the facilities are modern and very very clean. i had no problem in trusting them 100%
they dont just do embryo adopton, the do donor eggs, own eggs, problems with sperm, literally everything.
Corsair is one of the most well know gaming memory manufacturers around. We are going to take a look at one of their newer series of memory, the Twin XMS 3200XLPro.
The Twin XMS 3200XLPro runs around $350.00 to $400.00 for the 2 x 512meg chips. Average standard value kits of 1 gig or 2 x 512meg chips run from $175.00 to $250.00. This stuff is a little more but like they always say, you get what you pay for. Most other memory in the Low latency class are at least in the same ball park as the Corsair if not more expensive. As you will see later, it is well worth the cost.
Like Most other RAM it was a snap, no pun intended. Not much to report on installation. The documentation provided was more than was needed. After turning the PC on I checked the Bios and sure enough it did the auto configure and the Latency settings worked perfect. There is no need to figure out what setting to use or anything, perfect for the novice PC gamer.
As you can see Corsair put in a memory consumption or usage meter on the ram itself. It is an LED bar that shows your memory usage graded from green to red. For anyone with a case window, this stuff looks great. You know exactly when you are running your PC full board and when it's barely idling. Plus, it's just plain cool to look at.
I put the Twin XMS 3200 XLPro through a few PC Benchmark04's that showed decent numbers, but the numbers are somewhat deceiving. The charts only showed a small increase over the Spectrum Generic PC3200 I had, when in actuality the performance was noticeable. The 3200XLPro memory playing Everquest(TM) and Doom3(TM) ran leaps and bounds better then my old spectrum PC3200. Zone loads and choppy movement all reduced dramatically. The AMD 2500+ XP Barton on my test machine is the bottleneck when it comes to the FutureMark(TM) software. Soon I will have a 64bit AMD system up and running for testing. Then I can really push this stuff. I will rerun the full suit of FuturMark(TM) software as soon as the new hardware comes in and alter this review to show the true numbers. But I can guarantee anyone using this stuff will be more then pleased at the performance.
This is the best Memory I have had the pleasure of using. Everything about it is good. I especially like the fact that there is no Bios settings to change and the killer look with the LED's. Corsair made this memory right.
To obtain Metro Ethernet (Metro-E) for your business in Bryan County, give us a call at (888) 765-8301 or use our online quote tool (on the left) to get an initial estimate on Metro Ethernet (Metro-E) in Bryan. Once we receive your information we'll give you a call to discuss your individual request.
A Bryan Georgia Metro Ethernet (Metro-E) consultant will contact you to discuss the details of the Bryan County Metro Ethernet (Metro-E), confirm pricing, and assist you with the signup process.
The last few posts weren´t so exciting regarding progress, because most of it didn´t involve features that were easily shown on images. Since now I´m working on more "graphically showable" stuff, I can share a few WIP pics with you:
Most of my work was spent on the new water physics. I tried to fight an Alpha Metroid underwater, and even with HiJump and SpaceJump, it´s really frustrating. Just play Metroid: Confrontation, and try moving around under the lava, then imagine exploring half a sector of the game like that.
So, instead of using direct speed multipliers for underwater, I had to make a separate set of speeds for all the states. This way, I could make the physics more like Super Metroid (it takes some time to build some speed, but you keep the momentum, and move fairly fast).
Work on the soundtrack will resume this week, once I have some decent material I´ll let you hear some of the new tracks.
I'd have to say, though, that the background of the cave doesn't quite fit. Not sure what it is, but it seems a bit off. Still looks good.
Can't you please make it so you have the Gravity suit before you go there?! For crap's sake!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Heh, I love the idea of moving through a water area without the gravity suit. I used to see how far I could get in SM w/o the gravity suit in the wrecked ship and maridia, or would turn it off in some areas to see what I could get away with. I like it because it gives a new level of challenge to deal with.
Hey the progress sounds great. i am trying to animate my aquatroid that i showed you with the AI of and alpha metroid. i don't really know how to do an AI like that so if anyone can help me please do. my Email is Zoonygames@gmail.com
i love your work man! I've been following this for a long time and honestly surprised your still posting regular updates and the game is almost done. I say this because most people who make projects as big as yours stop or are stopped by C&D orders. Keep up the good work!
I was going to use Fish metroid in my game, I need a team. I need sprite artist, programmer, and musician. I have ideas for my game, but nobody to help me.
Thanks for the update doc! I'm really interested in seeing how mist works out in the cave. It would be cool if moving mist would cover different parts of Samus up while she moves around.
Also, thanks for atlest acknowledging that a lot of people suggest aquatic metroids. It will be something that would be a nice feature apsect implemented to have to fight alpha metroids (or even aquatic metroids) without the gravity suit and inhibited water physics.
I can understand that fighting an aqua metroid in the water without gravity suit could be a bit difficult. Although this might take a bit of coding, maybe you could alter the physics of the aqua metroid. The metroid could perform fast charge attacks underwater, but the rest of its movements would be hindred by the water, making it move slower. The metroid could pick up a little speed while moving underwater like Samus does in Super Metroid.
As far as the pictures go, nice job. I have a couple comments. On the 1st, I realize that Samus is supposed to standing in a tunnel, but it doesn't really look like she is standing on anything. The ceiling and floor of the tunnel don't look clear enough. The second picture looks really amazing, and I like the fog effect. The place reminds me of lower crateria in the hack Super Metroid Redesign. I hope you make a lot of rooms like that. It would be fun to explore a maze-like area of empty caverns. The water on the 3rd picture doesn't look quite right. I think the light blue lines should be darker so they don't clash so much much with the rest of the water. Also, the water might look more fitting to the environment if you made it murkier. This would also help create a darker atmosphere in this area. I'm not exactly clear on what area of the game these caverns are in. Is this the area with the Omegas, or is it the brand new area you've mentioned before?
In Nintendo-made installments, when the player is made to fight underwater opponents, the enemies have some sort of movements they go through that clues the player in on what it's about to do, allowing the player the necessary time to react. The Alpha Blog from Prime 2 is an excellent example of that. I agree that the water used in the caves doesn't really fit. If you made it a dark, almost black muddy brown, with a particle effect showing sandy residue in the water moving out of the way as you walk through it. THAT would be AWESOME. Surprisingly simply to make too, I would think.
Why would cave water really be muddy/dark? Generally speaking, deep earth/spring/cave water is crystal clear. Lots of silt on the lake bed from erosion, but very clear.
Indeed, water in caves is crystaline, but, without light it shouldm´t be so colorful, a little darker should be fine
Sorry purplecow, I'm going to have to agree with karrde and anonymous. Muddy water with particles wouldn't be geographically correct and wouldn't be that interesting either. I would prefer the crystal clear water that appears darker because its an underground cave.
I can't freakin' wait till this is done. You are amazing. I thank you immensily for putting so much of your time and effort into this professionally done piece of work. Amazing!
Well obviously I don't know very much about cavernous ecosystems. But darker is better at least. Maybe save the particle effects for some other aqueous body...or something.
hahahaha M, when my eyes passed a 'water battle' as well as exploring lots of stuff underwater, I instantly thought of Zelda water dungeons: FFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
but keep up the good work. I know that you've put two years into this accursed-time-consuming programming and scripting and stuff but I won't mind. This remake already seems promising enough
Don't forget the 8bit version for those of us who have the urge to puke whenever they see the Zero Mission engine!
The background is perfect. I don't think any of the backgrounds Nintendo have done have been better.
Whoa, when i saw some videos of the remake i was amazed, It's really good you're still working on this game!
Thank you. SOOOO Much. This game looks epic which my epic means awsome x 2,000,000,000,000. I am sorry you had to spend so much time and effort on this game, but think about it this way, you will make somthing you will be remembered for for a very long time. and I theink I speak for everyone when I say, thank you, from the bottom of our hearts, thank you. I have played and beaten every single metroid game, no exaderation. I am happy that i know that other m will not be the last. Thank you. And i am not emo. ia am just thankful.
I don't have any means to record 3DS footage, so I took notes instead. Every time something interesting happened, I paused the game and wrote down my thoughts.
This might look a bit random and unpolished, but they're pretty much my honest reactions to key moments in the game. I'll let you know my overall impressions later in this post.
Ok, this is my first 3DS game, let's see what all the fuzz is about...Holy shit, the cockpit of Samus's ship looks amazing in 3D. Alright... This is starting to hurt... Maybe using the 3D slider on 50% will work better.Ah, seeing the intro artwork in 3D makes a lot more sense than what I saw on trailers. Specially the one with the pirates stealing the Metroid.Wow. SR388 looks awesome in 3D. Oh. The effect looks fuzzy when the camera scrolls too fast, I'm having Avatar flashbacks. This would …
As you may know already, AM2R received DMCA notices in all the download hosts, and some parts of this blog. So far, no C&D letter was received.
This project began a long time ago, while I was actually trying to learn the programming side of Game Maker. Instead of moving on with something else, when I learned a better way of doing something, I reiterated and improved the old code.
Eventually, I learned to program in C#. Now I'm making a living as a professional programmer thanks to what I learned developing a fan game. Technically speaking, I'm satisfied.
The forums started to come alive with fans making feature suggestions, and always being positive and optimistic about the project. I added new contents, trying to be respectful about the established lore. Demo after demo people liked the game. Then the game was out, and for a brief time, players enjoyed the game they were expec…
Some time ago, the CEO of Moon Studios (creators of Ori and the Blind Forest) reached out with an offer. They needed a level designer for their upcoming sequel, Ori and the Will of the Wisps, and I was a potential candidate for the job.
I gladly accepted the offer. Ori is one of the many games I was able to enjoy lately. One can see the love and attention to detail that went into its design. I feel like I'll be right at home working with this team.
It's a pretty huge change in my life, since it's a full time job. But dreams are there to be chased, my family supports this decision and it could be the beginning of a new career.
I want to thank you again, awesome people that kept AM2R alive with your motivating words, your lets plays and reviews. Without you, I wouldn't be sitting here writing this post with a huge smile on my face.
Nintendo of America, Inc. has filed a takedown request under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). I received the request on my personal email, so I'm complying with their requests.
I hope that they gave you a job offer along with that email. Because you made a magnificent metroid game.
In all seriousness, this is deeply saddening and disappointing... I'm so glad we got to play this, thank you, and see you next mission.
Think you'll work on another game now? perhaps something from your own mind? or are you tired of all this?
I'm sorry, this is terrible. Good luck to you in future endeavors, I do hope you'll update us with whatever those may be
Nintendo SHOULD have worked with you. This game is MORE than worthy of being an official Metroid game.
This is depressing, I really wanted to get this game when I got my laptop but to see this, all that work and yet your shot down
Im translating the game to spanish version .. but i cant edit images like " Intro Splash Art becouse " i dont have access to Data.Win .. i dont know how extract them :c
I'm so sorry that you had to deal with this man. I truly enjoyed Metroid 2; the remake, and I think you're one of the best developers this industry could ask for, along with the cadre of people who helped you out.
I hate that Nintendo didn't recognize all the hard work you put into the game. It royally sucks. I wish you the best and I thank you for the joy that you've no doubt bestowed upon every Metroid fan. You have truly made Metroid's 30th anniversary a memorable one, and may you and your loved ones be blessed for such dedication and passion that have been absent from this corporate run ballwashing industry we call modern video games.
Sounds like a perfect time for the source code to get randomly "leaked." Who knows maybe someone else would make updates instead. **WINK WINK**
So much for Nintendo going "Hey, fans really love this game and really hate our official game. Maybe we should make like Sega and offer this guy a job, thereby getting a ton of easy money and a ton of positive fan response."
Can we just stop paying attention to nintendo? maybe they'll give up when they see how much alienating fans hurts them.
So I'll just say this : thank you for your hard work and your dedication during all these years. Your project oozes love for the franchise, that is something you do not see often.
I respect nintendo and you Dr. great game, been followin your blog for the past years, Am2r may have no more updates, but its complete and perfect, i know it will live on, great jop cant thank you enough :)
Persist. If you give up, you prove the broken system to be right! And answer them "Did you talk with Reggie or Miyamoto about it yet?". If you want to give up, pass on the source code and the engine. The engine itself could go on github and stuff.
Darn, I had my hopes up for the Linux release. Guess it'll have to live in Virtualbox or run under WINE. Thank you for your hard work to bring this to us!
Also, just like This Guy said, just give them the silent treatment, no response, it would be better to wait for a C&D than accept yet another idiotic lawyer's Takedown request!
I think you should remove the direct Nintendo and obvious trademarks and release an update. The game is so unique and fresh, that it would be a great game and would never die.
I am sure that you can keep all the enemy designs as they look nothing like the Lego pixel enemies from the original which are probably 20x20 pixels where yours 500x500 in average?
Maybe the space jump will have to become a double jump, but I seriously doubt it. There are many good lawyers out there that would take your case for sure on a personal level.
I'd say even at this point send an email to EFF.org and hear what they have to say about all this. It might be simpler than your think.
Go to this petition if you will not stand for this BS and show Nintendo we aren't going to let them get away with this injustice.
Btw. And if you don't plan on doing anything with project please release the source code and assets =) Other will pick the project up and keep it updated and take it places where you never imagined it could go.
To be honest, when I first looked at the first trailer for AM2R, way back then, it gave me many, many thoughts, at such a young age I was...
I had the thoughts I could make a Metroid fan game too. Something, that, I may never be able to do. Not because of stuff such as DMCA claims, or C&D's. But because I don't really have the talent to do such things at this point in my life.
Metroid: Zero Mission, is the one 2D Metroid game that I like the most because of the way it plays, the abilities within it, and many other things. And honestly, AM2R really expanded on this, and i'm really glad it was done this way.
If I ever had the ability and talent to make a Metroid fan game in the future, It would no doubt be based on this.
If it's one thing I CAN do and HAVE done, is pixel art work of concepts I would have for such a Fan game(Which, I post them on my Google+ account), though I might not have the talent to make realistic art work in general(or actual tile sets), the things I have done, seem pretty believable.
Ranting aside though, I hope that you keep going with your life, work on other projects that can be as good as this, maybe better. And many people have said this already, but thank you. Just, thank you.
This is KhaosVoid here. DoctorM64, from one developer to another, I must congratulate you. You have accomplished what most other fan projects have not...Released a completed fan-remake of an existing IP. Not only was the essence that NR&D1 put into the gameplay and look & feel of prior Metroid games captured...you expanded upon that, just as Zero Mission did. Throughout the entire game, I was on an adventure. Just as I was with all Metroid games of past. YOU WILL FOREVER BE REMEMBERED AS THE ONE WHO BROUGHT THE SOUL OF METROID BACK TO THE COMMUNITY.
It is indeed a shame that Nintendo chose the path of monetary greed, instead of acknowledging the tribute this game is to the series. I do hope that we may see a true Metroid game in the near future; befitting of the greatness that both the 2D Metroid and Prime games hold. This...Federation Force that Nintendo has forced us to swallow; a 'Metroid themed, community volley ball game' that not only does not feature Metroids (the basis behind the game), but also the lack of Samus.
It is understandable that they want to expand the series. But....isn't that why Retro left that teaser at the end of MP3? As a way of continuing the series in a new storyline? This '5 minute game' that Nintendo has given us is not the answer.
im not so sure those are docs words... whats with the highlight? not normal maybe a blog takeover? was hoping to see if he did anything with that tease of a warp pipe dagnabbit...
That is sad, but to be expected with Nintendo. They are really anal when it comes to anything even remotely connected to their IPs.
Anyway, you made a GREAT remake, don't let anybody tell you otherwise! I know of people who even consider AM2R even their GOTY.
I'm glad we got the game out there, and I pretty much consider the game 100% complete, but I wanted that last official soundtrack release.
I was reading the other day how Federation Force's first week in Japan yielded just under 5000 sales. Makes me wonder how badly the game is going to do now that fans of Metroid are quite disappointed in Nintendo. I don't blame yhem for wanting to protect their IP, but they really need to follow Capcom's example when it comes to fan creations. If nothing else, they generate more fans for their respective series. AM2R is a shining example on how creative fans can be when creating something based on what they love. My hat is off to you, sir. Excellent work. It's just a shame that it had to end in such a way.
Well, V1.1 is absolutely stunning and if this really is the end, it is an amazing product to end on. Wishing you the best and hopefully we'll hear more from you :)
You managed to make every Metroid fan happy and delivered what Nintendo lost during the past years: to make a game with amazing passion and love.
I love AM2R 1.1. It's an amazing product. That said, I'm not shocked by Nintendo's response as AM2R is too close to Metroid for them to let it fly under the radar.
My advice is the following: Think "Freedom Planet". That was a Sonic the Hedgehog fan game reconceived and reformulated as its own game with its own intellectual property. You really should do the same with AM2R. Get a new story, new character, new origin, and put out a great game that isn't in Nintendo's shadow. Like what "Castlevania: Symphony of the Night" director Koji Igarashi is trying to do with "Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night".
Just replace the main sprite with a tomato (and make it user replaceable) remove all mentions to big-n, metroid etc and it should be fine.
Another reason to hate Nintendo....go ahead and keep making dumb ass repetitive games. Lazy fucks! One guy's game he made as a hobby is better than anything you could of made with a huge staff..fuck you Nintendo!
Just change the assets and all of the Nintendo's references, and you will be able to continue to work on this amazing project and publish regular updates woth any troubles from Nintendo himself.
Hey, THANK YOU for making this game. I hate that Nintendo has shut you down. I think it's Too good for their comfort. Too bad they can't embrace it.
Consider this Doc, your game reached many, many players who will always remember this project as one of the greatest metroid experiences ever released. Yes, Nintendo didn't need to protect their IP in this situation since they are not legally obligated to do so. Yes, they should have taken a much more forward thinking, tasteful approach as we've seen from Sega or even simply let you know that they weren't okay with the project when you started going public. Yes, you're not going to be able to release an update that is probably pretty awesome. But for what its worth you made something really special to many fans, you made something on par with Nintendo's best and even if it just a remake, your skill and polish are immediately apparent in AM2R and most of all you actually finished it. From one creator to another you did a hell of a job with this game, as a Metroid fan, I am so very honored by what you did for us, thank you.
What you managed to make gave me the same feelings as the first time I played Prime and Fusion. And that's a beautiful thing.
I implore you, make your own game. If I remember right, with this project you have 10 years of development experience. Make a game that is a love letter and a challenge to the Metroid series. One that shows everything good about the series, then step it up. Show Nintendo what Metroid could be like.
I know you could do it because, dammnit, you did! AM2R is one of the best games I've played in quite a while.
I take it this means no official soundtrack release. Be that as it may I still have my copy of 1.1 and will still enjoy the hell out of it. You have done an amazing thing here. Don't feel any less proud of your accomplishment
Well, this is sad. I was looking forward to V1.2. Well, at least we got to play this incredible game, considering we could have even not gotten that, and for that I'm glad.
Thank you so very much for this amazing effort. I've seen projects start and be abandoned within the time it took to finish this one, and that says a lot about your commitment to it. This game has finally completed my Metroid collection, something it looks like Nintendo would never have done if it were up to them, and I will treasure and preserve it accordingly.
I'm with everyone else. Make your own. You've the skills and talent and nintendo do not own the rights to a female protagonist bounty hunter raised by space aliens who fights pirates and other asorted bad aliens through the universe.
Such a general set of ideas could easily let people know a game is, without falling under exact likeness. Go for it and show them that people not only want another game but will happily pay for it. I would gladly buy future efforts from you.
Hey thanks for all the years all your work you are will missed and nintedo good luck wiht your lame generation of console beacause you begin your destroction right here in this moment
That sucks to hear...but just so you know, lots of people played your game, and them and I tremendously enjoyed it. Thank you for providing us with one of the best Metroid games I ever played! :)
Well, I haven't bought anything Nintendo in years now. In fact this was the first thing in a while that reminded me that I used to have fun with their games. But I'm a modder. And when Nintendo does something like this, it reminds me of why I just plain won't deal with them anymore. Thanks for the amazing game; I enjoyed the hell out of it. Too bad Nintendo doesn't believe in PC releases...
Thank you so much for all the effort you and your team have put into the game, I have had pure consistent fun throughout the time I was playing the remake. And that's saying a lot when it comes from an old pessimistic bastard like me.
You should definitely release the source code of the game under a Free license. My recommendations: MIT if you don't care, GPL if you don't want others (*cough* Nintendo *cough*) to just take the source and run with it. Obviously you cannot release the assets, but people will "find" them one way or another now that they have been leaked.
The reason I'm saying this is because the game has been programmed in GameMaker from what I understand. Nothing against GameMaker, but all software will eventually stop working, and the only way to keep it alive is by having the source under a Free license. Just look at what people have been doing with Doom source ports, that game is going to live forever.
You did a fantastic game that even if dead will remain immortal, that will continue to be played for years to come.
Sad to see the game end development so quickly after release but thank you for making it nonetheless :D. I also really like how you kept an upbeat attitude despite years of work being ripped away days after you were ready show the world.
Copyright laws need to change badly; especially that nonsense about losing your trademark if you don't aggressively defend it. There would be a ton more quality fan projects like this and so much more if large companies were more liberal with derivative works from their IP.
Time for the Great Giana Sisters (a Super Mario clone for C64). Do something similar, you made a great game- Change the names a bit, replace assets and add a new soundtrack. Why not keep the game going, and add features to distinguish it further in regard to gameplay...?
I personally think you should continue working on future updates of this game, i watched a video of AM2R and i thought it was amazing and magnificent! A true tribute to Metroid's 30th anniversary! As a fellow video game lover, i hope that Nintendo would get their act together and start listening to us fans. If not, well then that's their problem, focusing on the money rather than us fans and customers alike. Personally if Nintendo's is going to continue going this direction, I'm not buying anymore of their games or consoles until their copyright laws change to being more liberal. Truth be told, i am also a Pokémon fan and i have plans to remake Gen 1 with new features, gameplay, new Pokémon designs, fan made Pokémon, an expanded Kanto, and a few secret features. Oh' and have you heard of Pokémon Uranium? Its a very wonderful game that took 9 years to complete! That's a very remarkable feat! Sadly it suffered the exact same fate as your game. Yep, Nintendo just had to order it taken down. If i were in your shoes, i'd personally speak to the Nintendo directors to speak out a possible compromise in person. I have a DeviantArt account just so you know. The account name is Bradster4000. I've been off of it for a few years now and I'm planning on going back to submitting artwork. So if you feel like your in front of a Stop sign, Just go a another direction or better yet KEEP MOVING FORWARD! Good luck and Bestest of wishes for you!
Protecting your IP doesn't imply DMCAing every fan project. They could just acknowledge it and give permission, presumably with some changes - like Remnants of the Precursors.
Haven't touched it yet, though. I think you could safely release the code a couple of years from now on some obscure part of the internet, but it's your choice.
Well I'm very sad to hear there won't be future versions, but I think 1.1 stands on its own. You've created a Metroid game that stands with the best of them - worthy of the Nintendo of 20 years ago. Thank you for all that you've done both for the fans, and for the Metroid franchise, which has been enriched by your contribution even if Nintendo will never admit it.
I hope this incident doesn't discourage you. You and your team are clearly skilled, have an eye for quality, and a great understanding of this genre of video games. I'm greatly looking forward to whatever you choose to work on next.
As much as I'd like to see the AM2R team continue with the project (as well as potentially remaking other Metroid games), you guys owe it to yourselves to make a new, original game. I'll happily support you if you do so.
Hopefully one day, when Ninty inevitably goes bankrupt due to their asinine business decisions, they sell the franchise to a company that actually knows what they're doing.
As of 1st July 2008, NZ Post requires bulk mail users to attach a Statement of Accuracy (SOA) with each lodgement.
Mail Handling Services is SendRight™ certified which means we are approved to issue SOA's to mailers.
Over the 12 month lifetime of an SOA, your actual address accuracy will change as records are added and deleted from your mailing list or database
If the changes exceed 5% within the SOA validity period, it is recommended that you apply for a new SOA
You have the option of filtering out any inactive addresses or lapsed source records. The following address types may be excluded optionally from SOA calculations for the period 1 July 2008 through to 30 June 2009.
Un-numbered rural addresses - these are excluded while local authorities complete street numbering programmes in rural areas.
The Statement of Accuracy is a certificate showing the percentage of addresses in your database or mailing list that are valid matches against the New Zealand Post Postal Address File (PAF)
PLA Navy Marine Corps launch a hostage rescue operation in Ihwea and undergo a fierce battle with rebellions and terrorism.
was 7500x4064 pixels. To look for some pictures by collection are on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Immagini Per Little Tikes 123 Climber Idees here. you will get information of the picture.
NOSOTROSOUND (Our Sound) was created in Mexico in the late 70's as an ensemble to research and performance of traditional folk music from Latin-America. Since the group's inception, the members of NOSOTROSOUND have participated in numerous music festivals and seminars, expanding their musical knowledge and exchanging experiences with musicians from several countries. Nowadays this ensemble is based in Tempe, Arizona USA and mainly performs in the United States and North of Mexico.
NOSOTROSOUND play a vast repertoire of rhythms, ranging from the mournful to the festive, performing tunes from Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Chile, Argentina, Mexico, etc. using typical instruments. To listen to NOSOTROSOUND is to immerse yourself in Latin-American cultures to surround yourself in an atmosphere of natural sounds created by simple but ingenious musical instruments
"The combination of songs, music and stories magically transport the audience South of the Border" Mountain Living Magazine", Flagstaff, Arizona.
Link: Kobayashi's Caterham safety 'scare' <blockquote class="link_og_blockquote">Kamui Kobayashi admitted to being &ldquo;seriously troubled&rdquo; about the safety of his Caterham during the Russian GP weekend.</blockquote> ひどいサスの写真である。
"Mods can significantly outshine and/or continue the success of the original game even when it is dated." *
Welcome to the MODSonline.com forums. Looking for Frequently Asked Questions? Check out our FAQs section or search it out using the SEARCH link below. If you are new here, you may want to check out our rules and this great user's guide to the forums and the website.
Our interest at modular EV power relates to supplying electrical power to the vehicle, using J1772 parts.
A control board to provide a J1772 pilot signal indicating the available current and the relay control to implement a code compliant charging station.
A small module to control the Pilot signal in the vehicle and monitor the Proximity Signal from the mating J1772 parts. Contacts are available to inhibit the motor while charging or activate lights around the inlet connector.
This one has switches for the J1772 states, a circuit to check the latch, a light to indicate power, and break out terminals for the pilot and proximity signals.
The information contained in this site is provided solely to document my project and share that process with others. This site is not instructions or recommendations about what to do or what not to do. Every project is different and it is the builders responsibility to fully understand and take full responsibility for their project. Every detail in your project design should be verified and fully under stood by the builder before going past the planning stage. Vehicles are dangerous, even lethal as is high voltage, good design, good fabrication, and a constant thought about possible failures and safety must be part of the project. If you choose to convert a vehicle you must accept that you are responsible for that vehicles safety. If you do not accept these basic guidelines, please do not read this site or use any information from it.
Should there be something on this site you see that you think is not safe, is incorrect or misleading please write me.
It was the Fall of 2006 and I had just finished sewing a duvet cover out of a fairly expensive fabric when my daughter turned to me and said, "I don't think I like it anymore." After the initial ugghh! my husband gave me a knowing look and said, "Sounds like somebody takes after you." I had to admit it - like mother like daughter. How many times had I bought fabric, procrastinated, and then with the passage of time, realized it just wasn't "me" anymore. Too many times that I'd care to admit in writing. (My husband does check this site) Well, keeping budget in mind I vowed to help her find a hip fabric that was reasonably priced. We were thrilled when we discovered Escape Watermelon at Tonic Living for $5.95 Canadian, per repeat. Tonic Living is a family-owned online vendor based in Toronto Canada. They offer a wonderful range of fresh, retro inspired fabrics and ribbons at very reasonable prices. Also available are futon covers and pillows and they're proud to note that all their sewn products are manufactured in Canada. In preparing for this post I also noticed that the word is out and Tonic Living has been featured on Apartment Therapy, Design Sponge and in The Washington Post.
Jennifer - Hi. The fabric is from TonicLiving.com - I'm not sure they still carry this one but they have other bird prints. Hope this helps. Michele
Blog Archive - Est. Jan 2008 September 2018 (1) March 2018 (2) January 2018 (1) October 2017 (2) September 2017 (3) June 2017 (1) April 2017 (1) March 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (5) May 2016 (11) April 2016 (6) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (8) January 2016 (8) December 2015 (12) November 2015 (8) October 2015 (10) September 2015 (5) August 2015 (6) July 2015 (8) June 2015 (4) May 2015 (11) April 2015 (14) March 2015 (10) February 2015 (8) January 2015 (10) December 2014 (17) November 2014 (10) October 2014 (14) September 2014 (8) August 2014 (13) July 2014 (12) June 2014 (9) May 2014 (14) April 2014 (15) March 2014 (13) February 2014 (13) January 2014 (18) December 2013 (14) November 2013 (11) October 2013 (19) September 2013 (14) August 2013 (13) July 2013 (13) June 2013 (11) May 2013 (11) April 2013 (11) March 2013 (11) February 2013 (13) January 2013 (13) December 2012 (12) November 2012 (13) October 2012 (10) September 2012 (10) August 2012 (10) July 2012 (10) June 2012 (8) May 2012 (12) April 2012 (11) March 2012 (12) February 2012 (11) January 2012 (13) December 2011 (12) November 2011 (10) October 2011 (10) September 2011 (9) August 2011 (13) July 2011 (13) June 2011 (14) May 2011 (13) April 2011 (12) March 2011 (16) February 2011 (13) January 2011 (12) December 2010 (17) November 2010 (15) October 2010 (14) September 2010 (12) August 2010 (11) July 2010 (12) June 2010 (12) May 2010 (13) April 2010 (15) March 2010 (15) February 2010 (12) January 2010 (15) December 2009 (16) November 2009 (16) October 2009 (14) September 2009 (11) August 2009 (14) July 2009 (15) June 2009 (13) May 2009 (13) April 2009 (13) March 2009 (16) February 2009 (13) January 2009 (15) December 2008 (9) November 2008 (10) October 2008 (13) September 2008 (9) August 2008 (12) July 2008 (10) June 2008 (11) May 2008 (13) April 2008 (11) March 2008 (12) February 2008 (19) January 2008 (21) December 2007 (1)
This past Friday I had a chance to hear Candice Olson give a very funny and insightful talk about her approach to design, the inner working...
In 2011 Darryl Carter teamed with Benjamin Moore to introduce a curated color palette grouped into six families - white, gray-green, blue...
Back in 2010 I had reached my limit with our 1950's pink master bathroom so I had to choose: gut or make-do somehow. If we were goin...
Have you had a chance to see Mamma Mia , the movie? I've never seen the play so the story line for me was new and I loved it! Watching i...
**you can find an updated version of the room here ** Ready or not, time for the reveal! First a huge thank you to Linda of Calli...
This cat is convinced! PVE Design created a wonderful, dreamy depiction of a tree branch that will be sure to delight her client's little daughter. It certainly has this cat waiting for the little bird's next move. Check out Patricia's blog for more wonderful illustrations.
Also, thank you to Patricia for these lovely love bird notecards! I was one of the first two visitors to "chirp" so I am a lucky (and happy) recipient of these gems. Thank you!
Massage therapists interested in full or part time employment will find MyoKinesis to be a fantastic home, as our clinics are open 75+ hours a week, taking full advantage of the times clients have available for a massage. Additionally, the responsibility of the massage therapist is simply to give clients a wonderful massage, MyoKinesis takes care of everything else!
Often times the massage therapy industry looses talented massage therapists because they have a hard time balancing their treatment time, the business aspect and meeting their income requirement. We offer 2 locations (Saint-Antoine and Dieppe) with a consistent clientele, steady income, benefits and a professional clean environment where all of the equipment and supplies are furnished.
Student Massage Therapist must first graduate before starting to work but can apply before graduation. Only selected applicants will be contacted for an interview.
State governments are salivating now that the U.S. Supreme court docket has cleared the way for them to authorize activities gambling, a legal Nevada handiest right now and unlawful business that specialists say dwarfs the lotteries and casinos in bucks wagered.
however don’t count number on any future state tax revenues from activities having a bet to make a dent in our state’s massive budget deficit.
Illinois has seven types of felony playing, so as of tax profits to the state: the lottery, video gambling, casinos, horse racing, bingo, pull-tab and jar video games.
State earnings from playing has jumped from $118 million in 1975, when the state-run lottery turned into created, to $1.three billion $567 million in inflation-adjusted bucks this previous yr.
The $2.eight billion spent on Illinois lottery tickets this previous yr quantities to about $600 for each and every of our state’s five million households.
The Illinois Lottery returns most effective 60 cents in winnings for every $1 spent on tickets, making it a very imperfect bet, yet a very good earnings maker for Illinois state executive.
And, sure, Mildred, the state’s $730 million in lottery profits this previous yr does go without delay into the usual faculty Fund, as become ballyhooed when the lottery turned into offered to residents.The problem is that finances-makers have taken the same amount that could otherwise have gone to public faculties from different sources and spent it somewhere else. So, little or no web gain for education.
playing at video terminals in bars and making a bet parlors changed into approved just 5 years in the past and has already surpassed riverboat casinos in annual income to the state, at practically $300 million.
a chum in Galesburg inhabitants 32.”000 in Western Illinois situs judi online advised me that this past 12 months americans in his town wagered $86 million at 139 video playing terminals, and lost $7.2 million, or $225 for every adult in his city.
I believe the prices of playing are improved than the advantages. but as a non-gambler, my evaluation is incredibly subjective.
a considerable number of sources I became to on the information superhighway say that about 3 p.c of all gamblers are either compulsive or issue gamblers, who create big friendly problems. Two decades in the past, a chum of mine committed suicide, interestingly over gambling accounts he couldn’t pay.
And while center and upper-income folks consume greater on playing, the poor utilize a higher percentage of their salary on gambling, a whole lot of it taken from primary household needs. All this has to cause notable discomfort and worse within families.
Galaxy Gaming Expands Its Portfolio of casino table video games and technology-based mostly Gaming techniques through Acquisition of UNLV Patent property
LAS VEGAS, might also 30, 2018 GLOBE NEWSWIRE — Galaxy Gaming, . GLXZ, announced these days the acquisition of a portfolio of intellectual property developed by students collaborating in UNLV’s center for Gaming Innovation. The portfolio carries plenty of desk video games and desk-online game equipment which became additional organized for commercialization and bought to Galaxy Gaming, . via huge wager Gaming, LLC.
Mark L. Yoseloff, Ph.D., government Director of the core of Gaming Innovation at UNLV, heads up a semester-long route connecting college students with dependent gaming leaders who function visitor lecturers and mentors. In its fifth 12 months, courses focal point on gaming commercialization ideas and technology, the patent technique, advertising and marketing, and successful enterprise suggestions.
at the end of every semester, college students take part in a gaming design contest judged through trade executives. cash prizes are awarded to seven good college students whose wonderful innovations are commercially potential.
Commenting on the acquisition, Yoseloff stated, “i am extraordinarily blissful to position these items in the hands of this main player within the table-game area. Galaxy’s new management team and aggressive increase plans may still give the excellent domestic for our students’ products. I applaud Galaxy for their foresight in this crucial addition to their product offerings.”
“i am very pleased with what this acquisition represents for Galaxy Gaming,” observed President and CEO Todd Cravens. “Showcasing the expertise and entrepreneurial spirit of our Las Vegas community’s future leaders within the casino gaming trade can be an honor.”
ultimately, marijuana. Many felony students have already commented situs judi bola on no matter if the federal executive can “commandeer” the states to enforce federal marijuana laws. The ruling may additionally neatly throw an previous determination into doubt: the one when the court docket dominated that the controlled substances Act of 1970 positioned marijuana on its schedule I record of essentially the most abusive of substances. The case became Raich v. Gonzales 2005.
Justice Samuel Alito, in writing the opinion for the court docket in Murphy, dominated that “the anticommandeering doctrine might also sound arcane, nevertheless it is with ease the expression of a fundamental structural resolution included into the constitution, i.e., the determination to withhold from Congress the vigor to situation orders without delay to the States.” And even more, he referred to that “conspicuously absent from the listing of powers given to Congress is the vigor to problem direct orders to the governments of the States. The anticommandeering doctrine with ease represents the focus of this restrict on congressional authority.”
There may additionally neatly be other charming areas the place the states and localities might also preserve greater than an fingers-size distance from the USA govt. If definitely the court has now developed a new states’ rights doctrine, then we are able to all be organized to peer federal energy reduce when federalism situations come before it.
Jack Fruchtman, a seasonal Aquinnah resident, teaches constitutional legislation and politics at Maryland’s Towson university.
When the U.S. Supreme court docket overturned the federal ban on activities gambling on may 14, it did more than enable states to deliver for on-line and on line casino betting in Massachusetts on baseball, soccer, basketball, and different sports. it might even have opened the manner for a surge in state and native authority.
The expert and beginner sports protection Act of 1992 prohibited most states — Nevada turned into the stellar exception — from increasing playing into sports teams and players. New Jersey challenged the legislations, and in Murphy v. NCAA, the courtroom overturned the legislation by a vote of 6 to 3.
The three main casinos in the Boston Harbor, Springfield, and Plainridge have indicated that they undoubtedly want their guests to take part during this stage of gaming. DraftKings, the Boston-primarily based online gambling outfit, wants to expand its attain to all states. How the ruling and subsequent motion by Massachusetts will affect the proposed Aquinnah bingo parlor under the auspices of the Wampanoag Tribe is uncertain: The dialogue so far has concentrated only on casinos and on-line playing, not bingo.
Gov. Charlie Baker and the legislature will have to work together to make this happen. however the Boston Globe has said that condo Speaker Robert A. DeLeo seemed skeptical, announcing, “you have the query of integrity of the game.” Senate President Harriette Chandler cited that relocating forward will need to be achieved “thoughtfully and thoroughly.” The governor stated that “we’ll be speakme to our colleagues within the legislature” about this quickly.
The court docket dominated that the federal govt had violated the “commandeering” rule, specifically Congress can’t drive the states to purchase or withhold action, in spite of the fact that they object. Two precedents highlight the commandeering rule: big apple v. u.s. 1992, when Congress “commandeered” the states to dispose of radioactive waste the courtroom overturned the command; Printz v. u.s. 1997, when native legislations enforcement chiefs of police have been “commandeered” into overseeing history exams for handgun purchases until the federal organizations could create mechanisms to do them the court docket overturned the requirement.
These are all situations in federalism: the connection of the state governments to the federal govt beneath the structure of the charter.
First, immigration, especially so-known as sanctuary cities and the requirement that native legislations enforcement carry out federal immigration legislations in either arresting situs judi bola or keeping suspected undocumented immigrants unless authorities from Immigration and Customs Enforcement can choose them up. The Trump administration has threatened to cut off federal assist to cities, towns, and states that fail to operate these tasks, but is this yet another instance of federal makes an attempt to “commandeer” the states or localities to do its will?
2d, guns. What if Congress handed a law requiring what’s called “concealed elevate reciprocity,” which would imply that if a state allowed gun homeowners to own a license to elevate a concealed handgun, it might imply that all states would should admire that appropriate, even if it had very strict gun safety legal guidelines? Twelve states at present allow hid elevate and not using a allow, and 7 require allows for after training. Massachusetts may additionally challenge allows for concealed weapons under definite circumstances, with restrictions. but the commonwealth hardly ever concerns them. below Murphy, the requirement may also neatly fail as well.
No outcome found, are attempting new keyword!William Quigley is CEO of OPSkins, the world’s largest market for video online game digital items and WAX international Asset trade. even though bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are dominating headlines, blockchain’s ubiquitous adoption throughout the globe remains.
Gov. Charlie Baker and the legislature will have to work situs judi online together to make this happen. however the Boston Globe has said that condo Speaker Robert A. DeLeo seemed skeptical, announcing, “you have the query of integrity of the game.” Senate President Harriette Chandler cited that relocating forward will need to be achieved “thoughtfully and thoroughly.” The governor stated that “we’ll be speakme to our colleagues within the legislature” about this quickly.
First, immigration, especially so-known as sanctuary cities and the requirement that native legislations enforcement carry out federal immigration legislations in either arresting or keeping suspected undocumented immigrants unless authorities from Immigration and Customs Enforcement can choose them up. The Trump administration has threatened to cut off federal assist to cities, towns, and states that fail to operate these tasks, but is this yet another instance of federal makes an attempt to “commandeer” the states or localities to do its will?
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, (the “ACA”) passed by Congress on March 23 2010, and signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 30, 2010, is the first major health reform legislation to be enacted since 1965 … Continue reading →
Posted in Uncategorized	| Tagged Affordable Care Act, Health care reform, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
That i private 4 <a href="http://86006.pink2.net" >86006.pink2.net</a> 1 . various kinds along with the seem to be the foremost very delicate. I like individuals. They feel great other than numerous. Highly recommend.
I think that you could do with some pics to drive the message home a little bit, but other than that, this is great blog. <a href="http://www.agencevu.com/en/?id=16-ralph-lauren.html" >Soldes Ralph Lauren</a>
It might not like you, or it might want to kill your cat. So keep your cat away from your phone when testing Short Ralph Lauren http://www.agencevu.com/en/?id=17-ralph-lauren.html
I enjoy what youve got right here, adore what youre stating and the way you say it. Thank you for the good writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. <a href="http://www.chape-lafarge.fr/videos-chape-beton.htm" >Sacs Lancel</a>
Use community creditors. It is common to get quotes from lenders who are out of state if you are using a mortgage broker. Quotations given by agents that are not local is probably not aware about expenses that nearby loan providers know about as they are acquainted with community legal guidelines. This may lead to incorrect quotations. <a href="http://www.findacollegeforme.com/" >Tiffany Bracelet</a>
If you know your credit is poor, save up so you can pay a large down payment. You need to have no less than 20 % stored toward your downpayment to enhance the chances to getting approved. Nike Air Jordan 6 http://www.silentblade.com/
Owning a home is actually a dream that is provided by many people. This aspiration is normally obtained via a mortgage. However, the home loan element of this aspiration typically becomes a problem. If you want to keep the mortgage portion of your life nice and dreamy, read this article for tips and tricks to use. Cheap Jordans http://www.moabtrailfoundation.com/
Before making it official, ask for a good faith estimate of the total cost of your mortgage loan. The GFE must demonstrate the service fees of the shutting of your house loan, combined with the continuous charge linked monthly. National rules needs this from the lender, so make certain they offer it to you personally. <a href="http://www.uniontownflowers.com/store/Scripts/template1.asp?key=babyliss-hot-rollers.html" >babyliss big hair</a>
Check with a lot of inquiries of the mortgage lender you plan to work with. The financial institution should response your concerns plainly, without being hazy. You know it's time to look for a new home mortgage lender to work with if a lender dodges your questions or refuses to give a straight answer. Nike Air Max 1 http://www.lacasadelhabano.com.ky/
The concept of owning your own home is a dream that you share with most everyone, as mentioned in the introduction. Yet, you know that is the flipside of the coin if you have ever had to deal with financing or having a mortgage. Hopefully, the ideas offered in this post make the home loan deals a breeze. babyliss flat iron http://www.uniontownflowers.com/store/Scripts/template1.asp?key=cheap-babyliss-miracurl.html
Use neighborhood loan providers. It is common to get quotes from lenders who are out of state if you are using a mortgage broker. Quotations distributed by brokerages who definitely are not neighborhood will not be mindful of fees that neighborhood lenders know about as they are informed about local regulations. This may lead to incorrect quotations. cheap oakley store http://www.brooklynwindow.com/promotions.asp?key=cheap-oakley-sunglasses-hut.html
Do not forget that rates are now really low, and that implies they can only rise from this point. How would that affect your funds? Would you be able to afford them if they went up? If not, consider how large a mortgage you could afford in that situation instead. Air Jordan for sale http://www.larryarntz.com/query1.asp?key=jordan-shoes-discount.html
Contrary to well-liked idea, there are many creditors around that will bank loan to you personally. So you need to shop around with your loan options. Never jump with the initially option you see. This may make you spending way too much and may leave you obligated into a bank loan whose phrases are not positive to you. tiffanys outlet http://www.ccma.vic.gov.au/publication/Documents/Tiffany/
Contrary to popular notion, there are numerous lenders on the market who will personal loan to you personally. So you need to shop around with your loan options. Never ever jump in the initial option you locate. This can create spending much too a lot and may make you required to some financial loan whose conditions are not favorable to you. tiffany and co sale http://www.weavermedia.us/innova53/scripts/table/ins_column.html
Reduced the quantity of a credit card you have before investing in a home. A lot of bank cards will make you look financially reckless. Have as couple of credit cards as possible. nike tn http://www.pipelinemapping.com/test_old.htm
Attempt to get a deposit of at the very least 20 percent in the product sales selling price. Together with cutting your interest, furthermore you will avoid pmi or personal house loan premiums. This insurance policy guards the loan originator should you really go into default around the financial loan. Monthly premiums are included with your payment per month. nike air max outlet http://www.lakegeorgesteamboat.com/copy4.asp?key=nike-air-max-outlet.html
As mentioned in the introduction, the concept of owning your own home is a dream that you share with most everyone. Yet, you know that is the flipside of the coin if you have ever had to deal with financing or having a mortgage. With a little luck, the minds presented in this particular article create your mortgage loan transactions very simple. lacoste shoes outlet http://www.pawsitive.org/trouble/img/LacosteOutlet/
Do not even bother with looking at houses before you have applied for a home mortgage. In case you have pre-endorsement, you know how much money you need to work together with. Moreover, pre-approval indicates you do not have to rush. You may invest some time considering properties being aware of that you have funds in your pocket. nike slides men http://www.atchisonheritage.com/images/images/nikestore/
If you are turned down by the first one you try, keep in mind that not all mortgage lending companies have the same rules for approving mortgages and don't be discouraged. Ask for an explanation of why you were denied the mortgage and fix the problem if you can. Additionally, it can be that you simply need to find a distinct mortgage loan firm. michael kors soldes http://www.mermaidandidolphin.com/special_michaelkors.htm
Usually do not sign-up with the initially mortgage lender that you come across. By being hasty, there are so many out there that you would be doing yourself a disservice. You should research prices somewhat to ensure that the velocity you might be available is competitive and fair. marque michael kors http://www.mermaidandidolphin.com/special_michaelkors.htm 40
Check around for tips on residence mortgages. They may be most likely going to be able to provide you with a lots of advice about what you should look for. Some might have stumbled upon unethical players during this process and can assist you prevent them. The better your exposure to details, the better comprehensive your understanding will likely be. Nike Air Max 1 http://www.wildernessmiaplesyrup.com/nikeairmax.html
Before applying for a home mortgage loan, reduce your outstanding liabilities as much as possible. Outstanding auto loans are less of a problem, though it is especially important to reduce credit card debt. The financial institution will look at that in a positive light if you have equity in another property. Lacoste Live http://www.tviideo.com/lacostelive.htm
Look at a mortgage loan broker for loans. They may not be as simple as your local bank, but they usually have a larger range of available loans. Home loan broker agents often assist numerous loan companies. This enables them to individualize the loan for you a lot more conveniently than the usual banking institution or any other fund supplier. Isabel Marant Sale http://www.willowwelliness.com/isabelmarant.html
If you can afford the higher payments, go for a 15-year mortgage instead of a 30-year mortgage. In the first few numerous years of a 30-year bank loan, your settlement is mainly placed on the interest monthly payments. Minimal should go toward your home equity. In the 15-season financial loan, you develop your value much quicker. Michael Kors France http://www.mermaidandidolphin.com/special_michaelkors.htm
If you are turned down by the first one you try, keep in mind that not all mortgage lending companies have the same rules for approving mortgages and don't be discouraged. If you can, ask for an explanation of why you were denied the mortgage and fix the problem. It can possibly be that you need to simply get a diverse mortgage firm. Michael Kors Outlet http://www.willowwelliness.com/michaelkors.html
Usually do not sign-up using the first mortgage lender that you locate. There are so many out there that you would be doing yourself a disservice by being hasty. You need to research prices a bit to make certain that the pace you are available is fair and competitive. <a href="http://www.srilankalaw.com/lawwebsite/homesite_French/images/practice.htm" >Franklin Marshall uk</a>
If your downpayment is less than 20% of the sales price of the home you want to buy, expect the mortgage lender to require mortgage insurance. This insurance guards the loan originator in case you can't spend your mortgage payments. By making a downpayment of at least 20%, avoid mortgage insurance premiums. Tiffany And Co http://www.caudill-cpa.com/
Fashion can be incredibly intimidating, especially if you don't know how to get started. There's so much you can learn but you just need to go in the right direction. Think about the good ideas in the following article to help improve your fashion life. Louis Vuitton Borse http://www.labellarte.it/louis-vuitton.html
Reaching using the financial institution months upfront will help you repair troubles like credit scores that can raise your costs. Typically when your offer is approved, you may be easily moving towards your shutting day. This simply leaves little time to fix whatever could decrease your rate. cheap jordans http://www.larryarntz.com/query1.asp?key=jordans-list.html
Since you've managed to get towards the underside, there is only one thing remaining to accomplish. By seeking out an exceptional mortgage, make use of this learning you have done today. It will probably be a straightforward procedure, since you now know a lot, consider getting started as soon as possible. <a href="http://www.larryarntz.com/query1.asp?key=wholesale-jordan-shoes.html" >cheap jordan shoes</a>
Drinking a lot of water although consuming can cause acid reflux. You may not think about it, but liquids also add to the volume of food in your stomach. When the amount of meals is way too fantastic, it overpowers your body's sources to help keep meals in your tummy. Limit the amount of liquid you drink while eating. Alternatively, only drink between meals. Nike Air Max 90 http://www.wahoofoundation.org/
You know how to get free of acid reflux disorder. Despite the fact that entirely eliminating this problem will take some time, you are now equipped to do this. Keep in mind ideas you might have study while you continue on. You don't must keep on struggling unnecessarily anymore. <a href="http://www.virginmarybook.com/" >Nike Air Max 90</a>
Crisis Management – Responses – Bodyform – Facebook Vs Youtube – by Piper Weiss – at Shine from Yahoo – October 2012
Let me get this straight. You've been OPENLY working on this game for years. You've put up demos and all. But only NOW Nintendo makes you legally cease to "work on" and release the game? You shouldn't have made it public that it was finally completed, man.
A record of the wildlife in and around Hadham Ford as from January 2008. Please feel free to leave any comments or email me with details of interesting bird, mammal, butterfly, moth and dragonfly sightings. @jonoForgham on twitter
Up early to make the most of the time left. Train from the station to Porto at 12.19 so a few hours to have another wander around the splendid saltpans and mud flats west of the town centre. Usual fare, still pleasing to see. Dunlin numbers had decreased considerably and the black winged stilts appeared to have the place to themselves, apart from the occasional curlew sandpiper and little stint.
A walk around the back of some old buildings gave up the expected black redstarts and fan tailed warblers before a bird shot past overhead, briefly alighting on the wires: a woodchat shrike, bird species 57. No photos and a search for it for half an hour failed to relocate it. A bird I had expected to find.
Finally, back to the hotel to pick up rucksack and off to the airport. I arrived with time to spare so a wander around the airport and a binocular search to the hills in the distance. A few raptors remained unidentified but several crag martins flew by. This gave me the challenge: photograph these quick moving birds in flight to get the white windows on the tail. I set up in a corner of the pavement and continued to get blurred images of airport buildings etc. After 45 minutes, however, I had a couple that although not of any value to publish did show the windows. At this point 2 birds landed on the concrete right next to me and posed for some really pleasing photos. A great finish to the trip.
Although 58 species is not a great list, basically one habitat in late April was not going to give up too much else, with most of the waders having moved north and maybe some of the later summer migrants not arrived. However, for a first trip, I was pleased with the 3 days.
A primary school teacher for 30 years, I retired from teaching in July 2009 to set up my own science enhancement and communication company. The Primary Works offers science clubs, workshops and staged science shows nationwide. I have always been interested in bird watching since my early years. Apparently my first tick was after inquiring about a chaffinch and then receiving the Observer book of birds. By the age of 9 I had moved on to Tory Peterson's collins guide and was now involved on YOC birding holidays to Northumbria, Essex coast, Slimbridge and Yorkshire. My twitching rule is that I will willingly travel 1km for each gram the bird weighs. However, I have had many rarities just by being in the right place. I have travelled widely throughout Europe and also visited Australia and Sri Lanka. In 2016 I spent time at Portland Bird Obs and two trips to Aviero, Portugal. 2017 found me back in Sri Lanka in Feb/March, then July and back for New Year's Eve celebrations in December. Also returned to The Camargue in May for a 4 day trip. Few plans for 2018, but nothing yet booked apart from a trip to the IOW.
Fellow birder, Gary Whelan's blog. Gives reports from our trips out together plus reports from his trips abroad. http://hairybirders.blogspot.co.uk
http://www.hertsbirdclub.org.uk/ The official herts bird club website. Frequently updated, listing bird sightings around the county. Offers links to many other websites. Both of these sites also offer links to yahoo discussion groups.
http://www.birdforum.net/ An international site. You can enter as a guest but become a member( free) to post comments, bird sightings and just about anything to do with wild birds. Good news updates, classified section for binoculars, cameras etc.
http://www.guidedbirdwatching.com/ A new site set up where you can contact people worldwide who will help you find good birds in their country. UK section being set up presently.
Fellow birders blog. Strtford resident, Graeme Smith regulary birds the area south of Stortford as well as around Spellbrook and the River Stort from Spellbrook to Twyford Locks. Some superb bird photography: Graeme uses a digital camera attached to his powerful telescope to get detailled images of the birds he sees. Well worth a browse.
MATHEMATICA BOHEMICA publishes original research papers of high scientific quality in mathematics. Although under a new title, it is the continuation of the renowned Časopis pro pěstování mathematiky a fysiky (Journal for Cultivation of Mathematics and Physics) founded in 1872. The journal is published quarterly in issues containing 112 pages each. Scientific papers by the authors from the whole world are published in congress languages (mostly in English). Manuscripts of papers intended for publication should be prepared according to the instructions and submitted through the electronic Journal System. Authors can see the referee process in the electronic Journal System.
All full texts up to 12 months moving wall are available from the Czech Digital Mathematics Library.
Josef Diblík (Brno), Ordinary differential equations, Functional differential equations, Difference equations
The Financial Institutions Regulation Branch ensures well regulated financial services industry and cooperatives in Manitoba
Arrival 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2018 2019 2020 Nights
Included Max 15 Nov 16 Nov 17 Nov 18 Nov 19 Nov 20 Nov 21 Nov 22 Nov 23 Nov 24 Nov 25 Nov 26 Nov 27 Nov 28 Nov
The Island Beach Resort offers 3.5 star 1 & 2 bedroom self contained apartments with resort facilities & private balconies, in fabulous Broadbeach, only a block away from the famous beaches of the Gold Coast.
Looking to relax and get away from it all, then welcome to the Island Beach Resort, where you can holiday to your hearts content?
Nestled in the heart of Broadbeach, The Island Beach Broadbeach Apartments Resort are ideally located within an easy stroll to world-class restaurants so you can enjoy the wondrous food of Broadbeach. Moreover, it provides easy access to Broadbeach attractions like the Gold Coast Convention Centre, Conrad Jupiters Casino and Pacific Fair while being just far enough where you can avoid the hustle and bustle of this top tourist destination, and enjoy the most restful vacation.
The Island Beach Resort is a quality 3.5 star apartment resort boasting all the facilities you would expect of a world-class resort without the world class prices. Escape the daily hustle and bustle, take a well deserved holiday break at the stylish and cosy sland Beach Broadbeach Apartments Resort for a delightful and very relaxing holiday.
The one and two bedroom apartments are spacious, comfortable and non smoking, well appointed and furnished in Santa Fe style, decor and superior finish. All apartments offer fully equipped kitchens and laundries, private bathrooms, wireless internet access, a colour televisions, DVD players, direct dial telephones, spacious dining/living areas with glass sliding doors to the balcony. Each apartment features balconies with parkland views.
Within the grounds are tropical gardens, entertaining and BBQ areas, gazebo, pool and a resort-style spa pool. Further facilities include FREE onsite undercover car parking, luggage storage, non-smoking apartments, tour desk, baby sitting service, faxing service, wireless internet access, air conditioning and vending machines. Children under 3 stay FREE OF CHARGE if using existing bedding!
Broadbeach is located in the heart of Australia's most popular holiday playground the Gold Coast. Only 5 minutes south of Surfers Paradise, Broadbeach is a premier destination for travellers to the Gold Coast. Broadbeach has it all. Amazing beaches, boutique shopping, vibrant night life and al fresco dining relax and enjoy everything Broadbeach has to offer. At the Island Beach Resort, you will be in the centre of it all. Walk to Jupiters Casino, Pacific Fair Shopping Centre, Convention Centre,
Whether you are in a one or two bedroom apartment you will enjoy all the comforts of a top quality Resort and if you wish to spend a day on the beach it is only a short stroll to the patrolled surf beach, for a frolic in the rolling waves, catch a wave or a leisurely stroll enjoying the rising morning sun or tranquility of sunset-- the choice is yours.
2 minutes from the beach, 5 minutes to Pacific Fair, 5 minutes to the Oasis centre and 5 minutes to the Casino and the Gold Coast Convention Centre.
For more details about Island Beach Resort, Click here, or, for rates and availability of other Gold Coast Apartments, click here
South Pacific Plaza Broadbeach 4 star luxury apartments offering 1 and 2 bedrooms with ocean views. Located in Broadbeach, QLD.
Aria Apartments Broadbeach If you've been searching for the ultimate Gold Coast apartment accommodation, then your search is over. Aria Broadbeach - like no
Carmel by the Sea Broadbeach 4 star 1, 2 & 3 bedroom self contained serviced apartments in the heart of Broadbeach.
Neptune Resort Broadbeach Broadbeach Neptune Resort is the ideal accommodation choice and location for families and couples wanting to experience Broadbeach
Hi Ho Beach Apartments Broadbeach 3.5 star 1 & 2 bedroom self contained serviced apartments ideally located opposite the patrolled Kurrawa beach in the heart of the
Diamond Sands Resort Mermaid Beach Self contained accommodation located only minutes from patrolled beaches, Pacific Fair and Jupiters Casino
Chidori Court Apartments Main Beach 3.5 star self contained 2 bedroom 2 bathroom serviced apartments resort only 1 min walk to exclusive Main Beach.
Aristocrat Apartments Surfers Paradise Aristocrat Apartments Surfers Paradise located just 80 metres from the beaches.
Surfers Beach Holiday Apartments Surfers Paradise The Gold Coast's only low rise 3 floor walk up 3 bedroom apartments with fully ducted reverse cycle air conditioning.
Harbour Side Resort Southport Self contained apartment accommodation located directly opposite the Gold Coast Broadwater.
Restaurants and Dining Guide for Miami Beach, FL - 0 restaurants found in Miami Beach, FL starting with "X". Find a restaurant in Miami Beach, FL and nearby cities by category, zip code. Make restaurant reservations, read and write restaurant reviews. If you are a business owner you can contact us to submit your business and get it listed in our restaurants and dining guide.
Stop by our Open House this Sunday, February 11 from 3-5 PM in Palmetto Bay. Located at 7740 SW 141 St, this 5 bedroom, 4 bath home features a separate guest cottage and wonderful outdoor entertaining spaces. Guest cottage boasts kitchenette, dining area, bedroom and bathroom – and it’s own private entrance from the screened in pool and patio area. The home features 3,176 square feet and is offered at $649,000.
Stop by and check out this Palmetto Bay pool home! Contact the Restivo Hechtman Team for more information or for a private showing.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (2) September 2018 (2) August 2018 (4) July 2018 (4) June 2018 (3) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (1) March 2018 (2) February 2018 (7) November 2017 (2) October 2017 (1) August 2017 (3) July 2017 (7) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (4) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (4) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (8) October 2016 (13) September 2016 (12) August 2016 (8) July 2016 (3) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (6) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (4) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (1) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (3) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (1) January 2015 (1) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (2) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (3) February 2014 (2) January 2014 (3) November 2013 (1) October 2013 (7) September 2013 (9) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (8) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (10) January 2013 (8) November 2012 (6) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (8) July 2012 (9) June 2012 (7) May 2012 (15) April 2012 (19) March 2012 (24) February 2012 (15) January 2012 (12) December 2011 (15) November 2011 (17) October 2011 (22) September 2011 (23) August 2011 (11) July 2011 (16) June 2011 (22) May 2011 (19) April 2011 (19) March 2011 (19) February 2011 (20) January 2011 (24) December 2010 (29) November 2010 (27) October 2010 (33) September 2010 (32) August 2010 (26) July 2010 (32) June 2010 (26) May 2010 (30) April 2010 (34) March 2010 (31) February 2010 (26) January 2010 (34) December 2009 (26) November 2009 (28) October 2009 (26) September 2009 (25) August 2009 (23) July 2009 (17) June 2009 (6) May 2009 (5) April 2009 (15) March 2009 (7) February 2009 (10) January 2009 (5) December 2008 (25)
Foodball - I 1960... Donated by the artist Panagiotis Tetsis (1925-2016) - National Gallery of Athens
Any further details about this Competition could be obtained from Director, Information and Communication Technology Branch, 4th Floor, Ministry of Education, Isurupaya, Battaramulla.
Month Select Month April-2015 May -2015 June-2015 July-2015 August-2015 September-2015 October-2015 November-2015 December-2015 January-2016 February-2016 March-2016 April-2016 May-2016 June-2016 July-2016 August-2016 September-2016 October-2016 November-2016 December-2016 January-2017 February-2017 March-2017
Copyright © 2014 NIBM. All Rights Reserved :::| powered by dimakh consultants |::: Payment Terms and Conditions
So will this move make a flood of other brands ditch social media? The short answer is 'no' and the longer answer is 'hell no'. A more considered response would seem sensible for increased customer service burden if nothing else. Keeping some main accounts and getting a better strategy that works …
In a world where almost every brand aspires to be a success on social media, pub operator JD Wetherspoon and its outspoken chairman have decided to 'take a stand' against the industry … They'll suffer hugely with customer service as people will continue to complain via social and no one …
“I want you to be an educated consumer, feeling confident, and walk out feeling more centered about your social media approach than when you arrived,” said Rego. This workshop will cover topics from posting to scheduling, quirks of the systems, providing online customer service, handling negativity, … Read More Share this …
seoul apartments - Seoul apartments, Korea seoul Serviced Apartments, korea real estate and Korean Furniture Rental provided.
Since the first time I picked up a “Big K” guitar at the age of 10, I knew I wanted to do something with music. The first song I ever learned was, “If I Had the Wings of an Angel.” I don’t even know if it was a real song, but my neighbor taught it to me anyway, and I sang it loud and proud. It had three chords, and as I learned how to sing and play at the same time, sometimes the singing would have to wait as my fingers searched for the right chords. It would go something like this: Play G chord and sing, “If I had the wings of an . . . (long pause to change to C chord) . . . angel, over . . .” (long pause to change to D chord) . . . “these prison walls I would . . .” (long pause to change back to G) . . . “fly. . . .” It was painful to listen to, but somehow, my parents endured. I decided right then and there that it would be my destiny to sing and play. I kept at it and two years later my folks finally had pity on me and my “chopped-liver fingertips,” and they got me a guitar whose action was great: my LGO Gibson that I still write on today. (LG stands for “Ladies Guitar” and it was prototype #0).
Back then, I was writing short stories, poetry, articles for the paper and letters to anyone who wanted them. Little did I know at age 10 that I could put my writing and my singing together to make a song. I continued to sing and play guitar all through high school and college, even using my guitar to teach French grammar during my early twenties.
It was 1980, and I was making dinner on my Kansas horse farm, when my then disc-jockey husband came in with a friend who just happened to be Johnny Cash’s son-in-law. He had recorded a CD in Nashville and wanted to play it for us. His name was Jack Routh and his CD was great. He had written all the songs, and I was enthralled. I told myself right then that I could write songs too if I put my mind to it, even though I hadn’t played my guitar in several years.
Jack inspired me to pull my guitar out from under my bed and to play again . . . he even brought me new strings the following day. I stayed up all night playing until my fingertips were bleeding. That very next day, I wrote my first song. It was terrible, but I sang it to my daughter anyway . . . she was three months old and couldn’t get away from me. I sang to her for hours. She tolerated it like a trooper.
I continued to write songs by myself for several years until I moved to Nashville and found the Nashville Songwriters Association International (www.nashvillesongwriters.com). It was only then that I found out how bad my songs really were. Pitching them around town was an eye-opening experience. I was thrown out of many of the publishing companies up and down Music Row. I decided to join NSAI to perfect my craft.
Through the many workshops, seminars, song camps and mentors offered by NSAI, I perfected the craft of songwriting, and was introduced to co-writing. My friend, Tommy Rocco, once told me: “Co-writing is great because when you get your award, there’s always someone up on the stage with you to slap on the back and say, ‘Great job’!”
What a wonderful experience co-writing is, but in order to do it, there are certain rules you have to follow:
5. You are not always right. If one person doesn’t like it, then it’s gone. No defending: You find another way to say it or play it. (This is really hard with three or more writers)
When I met my husband, hit songwriter Kerry Chater, on a blind date in 1986, we sat out on my stoop and wrote a song . . . our first date (how lucky was I)? That was the first song we wrote together and it was pretty good, although it never got recorded. The song came out of a conversation about ex-girlfriends/boyfriends, things you’re not supposed to talk about on a first date. My ex-boyfriend used to sneak away from the girl he left me for, (I found out later he was married and it was his wife) and would call me from a phone booth outside Godfather’s Pizza in Nashville. I told Kerry I would hear trucks and cars driving by when he called (I always wondered why he never called me from home . . . okay, I’m blonde!) As I told the story, Kerry would sing the lines back to me. The song was called, “Someone New,” and it went like this:
“Sounds like you’re in another phone booth, so why are you calling me? You’re still with her, the way you were, when you left me alone. And did I say, your same old lies, still cut like a knife? And did I mention, there’s someone new in my life?”
Co-writing with your husband/wife is another animal all together. With a co-writer you are not married to, you spend between three to five hours together writing a song, and then go your separate ways, often not seeing each other again for weeks or months.
When you’re married to your co-writer, you wake up together, eat together, pay bills together, clean house together, spend three to five hours writing a song together, eat together again, discuss the day’s problems, play together and sleep together. There is never an “off” time. Not that I’m complaining, mind you.
Kerry was co-founder and the original bass player of the hit rock group, “Gary Puckett and The Union Gap.” The Gap was on the road 300 days out of 365 for the four years Kerry was in the group. Consequently, now Kerry never leaves the house. Some might even call him a recluse. Because of this, we built a recording studio in our home, and he taught me how to engineer while he played and sang all of our demos. It’s really a sweet arrangement.
But, as with all co-writing, writing with your spouse takes a special understanding. Our number one rule is no disagreements in the studio. That means, if he is mad at me for something: I didn’t separate the wash and turned all his underwear pink or shrunk his favorite shirt; left the gas tank on empty when I borrowed his car, or forgot to hit save before I changed programs on the computer and lost three hours of his music programming; when we walk through the studio doors, we are like two guys coming together to write a song. By the time we come out of the studio, we’re saying, “Boy, that’s a great song,” and totally forgot why we were mad in the first place.
When we write together with an artist, or another co-writer, we usually start at 1PM and go to 5PM. We talk for about 15 minutes around the kitchen table, usually with something to drink or eat, catching up so that when we go up into the studio to work, that’s just what we do . . . work. Kerry will sit at his keyboard, a Motif 8, with a Motif 6 stacked on top of it, and an ES Yamaha keyboard brain on top of that. We have 2 TX7’s (remember them?) and a host of software. We use all those keyboards for bass, strings, horns, and drums. It all gets sequenced on Cakewalk's SONAR, which has an endless number of virtual tracks, and played back on a Yamaha 01X, which is a digital audio workstation (the tech-heads just sat up and took notice and I just lost the creators). We use SONAR instead of ProTools because when we started in the digital world, ProTools didn’t have notation (SONAR did) and Kerry likes to edit the musical notes. If we happen to be writing with an artist, like Bluegrass sensation, Donna Ulisse, we stay around the kitchen table with our guitars, since there are no electronic musical instruments in Bluegrass. On one of my earlier blogs, there is a 10 min. video of Donna, Kerry and I talking about co-writing, and it’s pretty funny. You can find that on our webpage, (***Shameless Plug Alert***) www.chatersongs.com under my blog, “Freedom Rock” or on YouTube. Just search our names.
Because Kerry is a musical genius, he can play and program all that equipment. I either sit at the console or right next to him at my writer’s station where I have a computer keyboard with all my lyrics on it, and access to the thesaurus, and rhyming dictionaries. I usually hold my guitar and strum along with Kerry when I’m not typing lyric ideas. We discuss a lot in the studio, usually with me doing my “stream of consciousness” lyric thing. Writing together for so many years, it is often difficult for another co-writer to come in and keep up, since Kerry and I can finish each other’s sentences. But usually, we write with the same people we’ve been writing with for years, and it works. There is a lot of laughter since everyone knows I’m the original ditsy blonde, and I’m not afraid to be the brunt of the joke.
When Kerry and I write together alone, we try to keep the same regulated hours, 1PM to 5PM, Monday through Friday. If you don’t treat songwriting like a regular job, you’ll wind up in your jammies at two in the afternoon. Of course, we don’t always keep that regulated schedule. We have awakened in the middle of the night and one of us will have an idea and we will get the guitars and write the song right there in bed. One of our “late night co-writes” was called “Trouble At The Door,” and can be found as the Title Cut on Donna Ulisse’s first Country CD on Atlantic Records. That’s the beauty of sleeping with your co-writer.
Since Kerry was the star writer when we first began co-writing, it was hard creating with him. He had been writing for fifteen years before I started, so when I would come up with a brilliant idea and he’d say, “I wrote that one with Rory Bourke.” The conversation would continue. Me: “How about. . .?” Him: “Yeah, Tommy and I got a CMA nomination for that title.” Me: “What about. . . . ?” Him: Austin and I wrote that one and it got a Grammy.” Frustrated, I’d say, “Is there a title you haven’t written?”
He doesn’t cut me any slack either. He’d have his back to me playing the piano and I’d have my guitar on my lap pitching lyric ideas (I’m mostly the lyrics, he’s mostly the music). I’d throw out a line or a story and he’d stop playing and turn around and say, “Lynn, I hate that!”
When we do get a song, by the time I finish the lyrics and type out the finished product, he has the demo ready to put on the vocals. I’ll engineer and he’ll go into the vocal booth and lay down the vocal in front of our Neumann U-87 mic that we bought from the royalties we received when Jamie Foxx (yes, that Jamie Foxx) sang “You Look So Good In Love” on the prime-time CBS special “George Strait – 50 Number One’s.” After he lays down the lead vocal and some of the background vocals, I’ll go in and lay down the higher backgrounds while he engineers. We have a host of Expanders/Compressors, Limiters, Pre-Amps, Delays and Reverbs that we have at our disposal and use often.
But, there are times when that synergy happens, those stars align and everything you say clicks. I remember writing our triple platinum Mindy McCready hit, “Have A Nice Day” (on her Ten Thousand Angels CD). I was telling him the true story of my Aunt Jewell in Kansas who met her husband as a waitress in a small cafe. Every line in the story I told, he sang back to me. It went like this: “She puts the coffee, on the counter, before he takes his seat.” He’d sing that back. Me: “And slides the sugar, closer to him, she knows he likes it sweet.” He sang it back as he tapped on my guitar. Me: “And then she lingers, with busy fingers, waiting for his smile.” He sings back those lines a cappella as he continues tapping. Me: “They talk about the, rainy weather, she’s thinking all the while. . . .” He sings again. We didn’t change one word or one note of that song, and it was done in twenty minutes. Thank you, Lord!
We've had a lot of songs come out like that. But, then again, we’ve had some that were like pulling teeth to get out. One song, “Her Heart’s Got A Mind Of Its Own,” which is on Kerry’s new CD, “Blue-Eyed Blues,” (***shameless plug alert***available on I-Tunes, CD Baby and as digitaldownload on Amazon), was so hard, it took us a year and a half to finish. The first verse and chorus were a breeze, but the second verse was impossible. Every week we would work on that song and when I couldn’t come up with a lyric that he would like, he’d put another instrument on the track to inspire me. By the time we finished that song, the track was HUGE, and the demo was DONE!
As co-writers, we’ve written close to a thousand songs in the twenty-five years we’ve been writing together. Last year, our songs were played on the radio in the United States and twenty-three foreign countries. I’m still amazed how much American music influences people all over the world. I realize the gift I was given and I feel very blessed to be able to work every day with the man I love, make music together, and continue to write songs for our friends.
If you remember the rules, there’s nothing better than sitting down with a friend/lover, in front of a blank screen or paper, and in four hours or less, coming up with genius that people will want to hear. Co-writing . . . (slap on the back) . . . Great job!
You’ve done what you’ve always wanted to do . . . write a novel. It’s taken you months, years, decades; so now what do you do? Do you buy the Writer’s Digest and spend hours writing query letters to send to literary agents? Do you search the web to find websites like AgentQuery or dailywritingtips to find the perfect person to send you back the rejection letter, or better yet, one who wants money to shop your book?
We’ve been that route, not the “pay someone to shop the book,” but the Writer’s Digest and getting a New York City top agent to shop our novel. Most literary agents do not simultaneous submit. Here in the songwriting world where I come from, we write a song and send it to as many artists and producers as we can. Whoever takes it first gets to record it. It is not uncommon to have multiple people in line waiting to record a song, or even to have multiple artists record or cover the same song.
In traditional book publishing it is different. A literary agent can get “blackballed” if they do simultaneous submissions. Most publishers take three to six months to read a book and get back to the agent with a yea or nay. For someone who has written songs professionally for the last twenty-five years, that is just too long.
Lucky for us, “the times they are a changing” (to quote Bob Dylan). With the advent of the Internet and eBooks, the Nook, the Kindle, the iPad and the Smart Phone, physical books are no longer the norm. Now don’t get me wrong, there are folks out there who still want to feel the pages of a physical book in their hands, I’m one of them. But there is a new generation of tech nerds out there who don’t know life without some form of computer.
Self-publishing is not for the faint of heart. It is a lot of work, but it can be done. Here is how my husband and I did it. First, we wrote the book on Microsoft Word 2010. Ours was a thriller novel, the first in a trilogy called, “Fortune’s Web.” We wrote it together, but that is fodder for another blog.
After writing many versions of the manuscript, and editing those versions ourselves “ad nausium,” we needed to have someone else study it. After reading a manuscript 10 times or more, one’s eye sees the correct version whether the word is spelled right or not. (Editing: it’s the difference between knowing your shit, and knowing you’re shit.)
Editors can cost up to $1,500 to edit a book, and many of them charge by the word. We had 83,000 words in this novel, and no budget to have it professionally edited. Since I am a former French and English teacher, I used my grammar expertise to do the best editing I could. I also called on everyone I knew, from my teacher friends to family, to edit our book.
Okay, so you’ve written the great American novel, re-written the novel and edited the novel. Now you’ve imagined the bitchin’ cover of all time, one that will cement your book into the minds of the public. How do you get the image from your mind to the cover of your best seller?
It helps to have a genius son who is a tech wizard, Christopher John Chater; a friend and former student who is a world famous photographer, Mike DuBose; and the best friend of your daughter who just happens to look like your heroine, Jessica Kneeland. That’s how we did it on no budget, but I’m sure the same principles would apply with you taking the picture (or a photographer of your choice . . . just watch the dpi . . . it should be at least 72 for the eBook and 300 for the physical book).
We had a concept in our minds and tried several versions of our cover before we came out with the “Fortune’s Web” cover as it stands now. There is a program called Gimp, we used the 2.6 version. This is an image manipulation program and you can download it for free. Once you get the hang of it, it is really quite easy to use.
Now that you have your cover photo or artwork, make sure you have permission to use it and follow all copyright laws. We don’t want anyone getting sued for copyright infringement. It is time to put the concept together.
Using Gimp 2.6, put your cover artwork together. There is a template or you can make your own. Chris put public domain pictures and fonts together with Mike’s photo to make it look like our model was platform diving from the barrel of a Browning Hi-Power Semi-Automatic Pistol. This was Chris’ concept and we thought it was brilliant. Then together, we chose the font, the size and the color. We spent many hours on the phone talking over the decisions we made and even used Gimp ourselves to make the final small changes we wanted.
The cover was originally blue, but when we uploaded it to Createspace.com to get the physical book together, the blue that we had for the original front cover did not match the blue that Create Space had for the back cover. Since they didn’t provide the color number, it was impossible to match the blues on the front and back cover, therefore forcing us to the black cover background. We knew black is black is black and it would match front and back.
Once you are certain you have caught the mistakes and have your cover completed, it’s time to upload it to Smashwords.com. We used Smashwords because they also help you to get onto the other sites. In order to do this one needs an ISBN number (International Standard Book Number) which helps identify your book. ISBN issuance is country specific, author specific and publisher specific. In the United States the privately held company R. R. Bowker is the responsible entity, and there is a charge, which varies depending upon the number of ISBNs purchased, with prices ranging from $125.00 for a single number.
But, Smashwords.com will give you an ISBN number for free if they are listed as the publisher of record. Publisher here does not mean copyright holder. The copyright holder is the author. Think of Smashwords more as a distributor. They help you distribute on Barnes & Noble, Kobo, Sony reader store, Diesel eBook Store and the Apple iBookstore. You can earn 65% of List Price from major eBook Retailers and 85% Net at Smashwords.com. With traditional publishers, your earnings are usually 17.5%.
Now it’s time for the formatting. The document needs to be formatted and saved as a .doc file. Formatting for Smashwords is explained in Mark Coker’s book which is free on Smashwords.com. Once you are ready to e-publish, format your manuscript to a Microsoft Word .doc file. Then click “Publish” and follow the steps to upload your book and cover image on Smashwords.com.
If you want to format your book for Amazon.com, it’s a little different. The .doc file needs to go to the web-filtered HTML file. From there, one uses the Amazon software program, Mobipocket creator, to build the book into a .prc file which allows you to read it on Kindle apps. Then you upload it to your Kindle account through AmazonKDP.com. It takes you step by step through the process. We opted not to use the KDP Select option (share library) because I just don’t know enough about it yet and need to research that a bit more. We can always add it later on.
Once we had the cover pictures, the font size for title, authors, blurbs, etc. we procured the barcode by following the easy steps on Createspace.com. Create Space is a part of Amazon.com which does POD (Print On Demand). Using POD is much more environmentally friendly than traditional publishing practices in the past. Before, publishers would do a print run of say 50,000 books and send them out to bookstores. If they were not all sold in the first year of their release, they were returned to the publisher and destroyed. Roughly 35% of a traditional publisher’s print run were pulped. That’s a lot of waste!
Now came the hard part: getting the manuscript accepted into the physical book template. Chris and I were on the phone for 10 hours trying to upload the manuscript to the createspace.com website to get the physical book printed. In one way, it is easy to upload, but it is hard to get margins, gutters, images, blurbs all to go together to get a perfect book. I have to give Chris credit for sticking with it. Every time Create Space gave us the book to proof, there would be another part wrong: the font wasn’t embedded, the gutters were wrong, a picture dpi wasn’t large enough, page numbers were repeated, there were blank pages in the middle of the book. Finally we got it right and got it to read correctly. Then it was off to have a proof printed.
Throughout this process, no money was needed. I loved that. The only thing I had to pay for was a physical proof of our book. I could have done that for free too if I wanted to proof it digitally. But, being the old fashioned girl that I am, and needing to see the physical book to really get an idea of what it’s going to look like, I paid the $5.00 for the proof and the shipping to get it here.
We get the proof in a few days. Both of us will read the physical proof and go through it before we print. Shouldn’t be long now.
If you want to buy an advanced copy of the thriller, “Fortune’s Web” or an autographed copy, just message me on Facebook or email me through chatersongs@comcast.net and put “Fortune’s Web” in the subject line. I’ll be waiting to hear from you.
If you don't know Lynn then you don't work in Washington! Lynn was fighting for songwriters' rights long before Al Gore invented the Internet. Lynn was born in Kearny, New Jersey and after getting two degrees, then living and teaching in France, Lynn decided to pursue her dream of being a songwriter in Nashville. She was Executive Director for the Nashville Entertainment Association for five years before finally breaking out as a songwriter. She's had hits with Anne Murray, Mindy McCready, Jessica Andrews, Lorrie Morgan, Restless Heart, Paul Brandt, Donna Ulisse, Eddy Raven, Highway 101 and many many more. She has been writing songs professionally and fighting for creators since 1986.
I won't be afraid I'll be alright if you help me I know your looking down from heaven And I won't let you down I'l...
Chorus: This for my girlfriend This is for my - This is for my girlfriend (x2) This is for my B.F.F - girlfriend (rep...
Yep [x24] Yo a yo I was on the plane wit the wayne. You can call me whitley I go to hill mane. Listen, I'm the ba...
them girls like them bad boys them girls like them bad boys i heard them girls like them bad boys (its like) shhh...
Drake: Baby you my everything you all i ever wanted. We can do it real big. Bigger then you ever done it. You be up...
i get crazyy . - repeattt . u know its like when im feelin really crazy i just get on my broom and fly away i go r...
Consume peppermint if you are trying to reduce the severity of your acid reflux symptoms. Peppermint can provide you with a cooling down feeling and assist you to feel comfortable when you are going through your discomfort. You can find peppermint in nutritional supplement kind or simply just combine it with your meals that you take in. Dieco...... http://www.dieco.ir/
Your acupuncture treatment can be even more efficient if you make a few changes to your lifestyle. Your acupuncturist will most likely suggest anyone to make some changes to how you try to eat. Losing a couple pounds and getting much more active can assist you remove a variety of medical issues. <a href="http://www.butchlacy.com/" >nike free sko sort</a>
You were afraid of a mortgage, even though have you ever wanted to buy a home? Maybe you're concerned with taxes and insurance escrow? Perhaps you don't realize how to find the appropriate mortgage loan business and what exactly is a very good rate of interest? All these inquiries are getting by your imagination, and this post will help you with a few tips to get you moving in the correct course. <a href="http://xads.nl/" >http://xads.nl/</a>
Hey! Do you use Twitter? I'd like to follow you if that would be ok. I'm absolutely enjoying your blog and look forward to new posts. <a href="http://www.deublin.de/contact/home.asp" >Isabel marant basley</a>
Sweet blog! I found it while searching on Yahoo News. Do you have any suggestions on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I've been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Many thanks
Howdy! Quick question that's entirely off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My blog looks weird when viewing from my iphone 4. I'm trying to find a template or plugin that might be able to correct this issue. If you have any recommendations, please share. Thanks! <a href="http://www.clownaroundinc.com/cp/mcmbags.html" >mcm purses</a>
I'm really enjoying the theme/design of your web site. Do you ever run into any web browser compatibility problems? A number of my blog visitors have complained about my site not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Safari. Do you have any solutions to help fix this issue?
Hi! I'm at work surfing around your blog from my new apple iphone! Just wanted to say I love reading through your blog and look forward to all your posts! Carry on the outstanding work!
This page requires a healthyfood.co.nz account. Please create one below, or sign in if you already have one.
* We’ll never pass your email address to third parties, or send you spammy stuff, we promise. See Terms of use.
We can see you’ve been enjoying Healthy Food Guide and we’d love to keep providing you with advice and inspiration.
If you are from a company, club or organisation and want to enquire about a bulk discounted rate for the whole organisation, please email Tim: [email protected]
Ask your librarian to subscribe to this service next year. Alternatively, use a home network and buy a digital subscription—just $1/week...
skin is sensitive you could choose a foil type shaver since rotary shavers can pair of allergy and rashes on your face.
best priced innovation of Braun Electric shaver well suited for shaving professionals, a minimum of the Pulsonic shaving system.
Believe me I would haven't ever purchased another electric shaver but I got this Braun electric shaver as a least surprise gift.
These benefits,combined with features incorporated into most high end new or refurbished elliptical trainers,
its popularity should only increase in the future. Check online reviews to see if others are noticing your model falling apart.
If you are interested in that ideal figure out machine then you definitely should choose an exercise bike.
This is where electrical energy washers step in to regenerate the first great looks from the exterior surfaces.
Retailer it away from moisture to avoid tarnishing. Wonderful silver is by definition ninety nine.9% pure silver.
For years, I've been checking out this site for update notices, so sad, that this tradition will change :(
Your game has spread already around the world and it won't stop as soon as people will keep providing a download link.
We all loved your game and ive personally followed it since 2012, glad you've reached the end, sad that Nintendo doesn't allow those kind of things, i wish you all the best!
Very sad to hear. This has been my GOYT so far, and would love to play it on 3DS. Can you reveal how many downloads you had? That would valuable info for Ninty to know just what the appetite was for a game like this. If they had any brains at all, they'd embrace you and work with you to make it official.
Ignoring this would just get him sued. This isn't a joke. He's not going to be able to act defiant and win against a massive company.
I'm sorry. This is a great job made during a lot of years, and finnaly closed by the company that forget Metroid in every event and every time that they did something.
In my opinion, this is the best Metroid i´ve played next to Super Metroid, a game launched over 12 YEARS ago, and now, someone, YOU, make this masterpiece, and this is the future of a great game...
This is very disappointing... You've made a better Metroid game than the last two Nintendo has worked on (including FF). I think the changes you made to the maps, etc. qualify AM2R as more than just Another Metroid 2 Remake. You did an extraordinary job. It's terrible and disappointing that this is how Nintendo chooses to recognize your achievement and the will of the series' fans.
Good thing I got two of the three ending pics. Maybe you should work on an Overwatch Spin-Off starring that Samus-like Heroine, Pharah.
If I were you I'd make a Metroidvania game using the engine and the original assets. Sony beat Nintendo for years after they've been rejected. You can make something better than what they're doing with Metroid right now, and actually you already made.
Thank you for everything Doc. You will be always remembered and your game will always be loved by us all. It has become one of my favourites and it is because all the sweat, blood and passion you put on it.
This is not sad news because hundreds of thousands if not millions of people have the game, and the game is always going to be available. It will live on through the power of internet!!
Nintendo has every right to protect their products, regardless of how anybody feels, was it good yeah sure, but still using trademarked material, I too am a huge Metroid fan and we all deserve a great Metroid game, maybe start a petition or whatever to send to Nintendo to try to get the ball rolling. Rather than swearing at the company like a child. Nintendo is under alot of stress to release great games and consoles to compete with and as sad as it is Metroid is not as popular as any of us want it to be, just cause we think its the best doesn't mean the work agrees sadly we are but a minority, patience Nintendo will hopefully get to a Metroid game soon a game we all deserve but until then we have to wait until Nintendo's financial future is assured, another words they have to release the big ticket items first to get the traction we all need for them to make the metroid game we want
Well I'm definitely pulling for a NX flash cart and that Cemu gets good enough so breath of the wild is playable. Fuck Nintendo, I'm done hoping for them, they will never be in touch with gamers. They ignore fans to the point that fans have to make the games they want then Nintendo kills those off too.
Please use the existing engine and make a game of your own. I'd love to see something with an H.P. Lovecraft / Cosmic Horror theme, so if you decide to continue making games please consider that idea.
As a Metroid Fan since the original game i owned , thank you for making this dream possible. The second game was favorite of em all, i still ave the game in is original box. You did bring me fun and i will keep your game safelly locked in my PC vault.
They ave ignored the fans for way too long, after Federation Force , the strike they give you was the final nail in the coffin. I will not buy it . I was going to because i am a fan. But they dont deserve it for this serie.
I hope you computer geek Metroid Fan out there got inspired by him. Keep making em, ill keep coming back.
This in no way diminishes the value or quality of the game that you have created. The amount of love and polish that went into AM2R was truly inspiring, and gave metroid fans a glimmer of hope that I'm sure they'll hold on to for a very long time.
I'm deeply sorry to hear that, I just hope that this situation doesn't make you give up from making games in the future, you and the people you worked with through the years are clearly very talented and deserved way better treatment than what you've been given by Nintendo.
I hope you know that you guy's work has made a lot of people happy and made us remember the good times of Metroid, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for making me be able to relive that experience once again, I'll never forget it and I'm sure most people also will treasure it close to them.
Haha, good one! But I think you got confused and released your April fool's post early! [Cries quietly]
In all seriousness doc, it's been one hell of a journey, and I, as I'm sure many others, are happy to have been able to follow you on this journey. See you next mission!
I'm blooming with love for the Metroid series again after such a long time and it's all thanks to you guys.
Just a very personal opinion, go make your own game!!! I'm sure Kickstarter will explode with it... At least you have a pretty big bunch of Metroid fans who enjoyed your game as crazy and will support you without a doubt!
I don't know what you still had planned as updates, but the version so far is already a wonderful game and for every Metroid fan not "only" a fan game. It's the best Metroid game in years and since it's on the internet, people will still discover it in the future and play it. FF will be forgotten soon, but AM2R won't be. Thanks again for all your great work throughout the years - you gave the whole Metroid fanbase (and beyond) a wonderful present for the 30th anniversary and I really enjoyed the game as much as I did the other three main 2D titles - awesome job, thanks!!!
Expected, but still sad. It may have been a fan remake, but it was one of the best Metroids ever made IMO. Great work and I hope to see more of your work in the future!
Dude all you got to do is rename the title change the story the ship and what not and your good to go. Or you could remake Kabuki Quantum fighter with similar mechanics of metroid combined with ninja Gadien and shinobi like a space ninja off to battle in a quantum world where bio engineering is super advance. Metro Gadien, Kabuka Metro Gadien, Shin Shinobi Metroid Kinobi Lol. Just throwing it out there man.
Missed my chance to get it on my PC, and Nintendo keeps insisting on making shit 3D halo clones with the Metroid IP.
Almost make me want to just emulate the old games. Why give support to a publisher that not only ignores a huge chunk of the franchise fan base, but also kills any fan made attempts at recreating the formula that made Metroid its own platforming sub-genre, and single-handedly started speed running?
I don't know what your plan is for future projects, or if you even have any. But if you do, you've at the very least proved you're capable of making great games with this. I'd be happy to support you. Best of luck.
Am2r is a masterpiece, thank you for provinding a great gaming experience, a great entry in the Metroid series. Nintendo should revise their marketing decisions, and embrace community created content to increases their popularity and fan base.
I enjoyed watching your development over the last several years and wanted to say you've done a great job with the final product.
It's a little bit of a downer to read this latest news, but I wanted to add my voice to everyone else's about how great a job you've done and I really enjoy playing it! :)
Tell ya what Nintendo: I'll buy an NX when a proper Metroid 2 Remake (such as this one) finds its way on there. Deal?
the comment's keep piling up more and more... i only learned of AM2R a few month's ago before it was eve finished, then on i think it was the 20th, i came here and grabbed it, not aware much on the DMCA, thoguh having heard something was going on. this was to the Beard Bros. on Youtube, their Metroid Fusion Bonus Episode being of AM2R. i managed to get the game, play it, and beat it within a few day's, even with going AFK alot, ending at about 10 hours, and 98%. i used the official map and ee nothing i'm missing, yet it's clear i am... so i'll remake confused for now, however, i enjoyed the game greatly and loved it. I will continue to play it from time to time and try to master it most likely, as i had more fun with it than i did with even Metroid: Zero Mission and Metroid Fusion, and honestly, i think any and all official Metroid gamee's... i loved the graphics, how some things were very realistic, like dripping water falling on Samus' head and actually splashing, the background scenary was also wonderful, and i am saddened that this game may well now be at an end. But it will live in in everyone's heart's. Though this DMCA thing reminds me of another fan game, one that never actually was completed, and got a C&D. Chrono Trigger: Crimson Echoes. Though someone elsewhere got the game somehow and finished it themselves under Chrono Trigger: Flames of Eternity... I find myself often enjoying fan gmaes like this, that are worked on really hard, than quite alot of official games. Well, whatever comes of DoctorM64's life after this, i hope it's not bad, and i wish him the best. And who know's, maybe he'll return and make something of his own, and maybe he'll still be around to watch the forum's and chat with people or something.
I just finished the game and its an incredible journey. I wish all the developers luck in all your future endeavours. This game was just perfect for me, so much love for the franchise emanates from it. Such detail shouldn't go unnoticed. Thank you so much!
"No future for AM2R" is a little extreme. When you release the final version of the game, it doesn't have no future, it's just in its final form. And I think pretty much everyone is satisfied with this v1.1. With this release under your belt, I'm sure you'll go on to make amazing games!
This is so upsetting for true fans, because this Metroid game has got to be the best Metroid experience that fans have gotten to experience in years.
So I found out about this last week and just got done doing a 100% run. Definitely a fantastic remake, really appreciate all the time and effort that went its creation! Thanks!
With all the work that you put into the game, I think people should be able to play it. Why not patch out all the Nintendo IP, and reskin it to be your own Metroidvania style game.
I wonder what Nintendo would do if you re-released it without the Metroid graphics? I mean, if AM2R was changed to mean "Another Mineshaft 2 Raid" starring Sammy Aaron fighting the King Mecharoid, can they do anything about that? Personally, I probably wouldn't bother to push back if I were in your shoes, but I am curious if Nintendo could do anything at that point.
It's not the end. This game will be floating around on the internet forever now. We'll spread it around so anyone can play it. Nintendo can't delete it completely.
Well, I think a Mech style game, where the robot is piloted. Metroids could be replaced with different kinds of monsters, lots of fantasy things you could use (AD&D has some ideas) Queen Metroid could be a replaced with a dragon (large, long neck) Stuff like that. Need to change the appearance of the powerups, maybe to a point some of the landscape. But the basic game engine, and even premise don't have to be changed much.
But, now on a serious note Nintendo should have known that if they don't make a new Metroid game, the fans would.
This is not fair. We love your work and now you're backing off because these japanese fuckers are fearmongering you and EVRY OTHER FAN OF THEIR WORK into NOT MAKING FAN GAMES.
It's been a truly enjoyable and completely awesome game Doc, thank you and your contributors so much for making it. It's a piece of history now, and will never be forgotten or discarded.
Shit like this is why I've gone from loving Nintendo, to hating them with every fiber of my being in later years.
This is an incredibly huge letdown, I've been watching this remake progress for years now, so long it even spans into my childhood. Nintendo really needs to revisit this and personally I feel like you should maybe start a patreon and or petition website, or maybe even an indiegogo page explaining the situation because your hard work and effort deserves the recognition, not a simple shutdown as if it never existed.
On the one hand, I'm really saddened by this. On the other, you did finish it before this happened, so you succeeded in that.
Please keep us up to date via the site or twitter if you move on to future gaming projects. I mean, there's this company called Chair who should be working on a Metroid-style game called Shadow Complex 2 that could probably use a skilled hand ...
Just ... if you use AM2R as a resume note, keep us informed on what you do. After playing AM2R, I hope you do find a spot in the industry making Metroid-like games. I hope to see you on kickstarter or elsewhere.
While I am disappointed to hear that this has happened to you, I would recommend not allowing yourself to feel demotivated by this development. You succeeded, Doc. You did what few have ever succeeded in doing and finished your project. I have been following AM2R for years and I was always fascinated and intrigued that a fan was taking it upon themselves to do what Nintendo simply will not, and I always eagerly anticipated the game's release. That being said, a part of me feared that the game would never make it to completion. A billion scenarios always ran through my head as to what could potentially go wrong... maybe a takedown notice by Nintendo before the game had finished development, perhaps massive hardware failure leading to extreme data loss and a lack of motivation to continue... I'm incredibly thankful that none of that ended up happening.
Am2R is one of the best Metroid experiences ever made, and your love for the project and the franchise shines bright in the game itself. You have given the Metroid community a shot in the arm at a time when it needs it the most, and gave tons of people a reaffirmation that Metroid is a franchise worth believing in, even if Nintendo has lost their way with it. The fan community is capable of producing content to carry on the franchise's legacy, and we should continue to do so. That's your legacy; you get to take credit for helping Metroid stay alive.
I cannot begin to thank you enough for the sheer amount of development time that you have invested into this project, and I want you to know that it did not disappoint in the least. I hope you move on to bigger and better things. Thank you.
Will you liberate the source code of the game for who want study make games and use your code for examples to make a 2D game?
This is my first comment. I've been meaning to tell you that AM2R really blew my mind with its quality. It absolutely felt like a true Metroid game, through and through. I encountered zero bugs or amateur design giveaways. I was fully addicted and locked in the entire way. It was loyal in all the right ways, and innovated in some really cool ways as well. It was just perfect. Congrats on a serious achievement, and I hope this doesn't prevent you from making more great games of the same quality. I am a day-one customer.
… Why not JUST move it to Russia, China or any other place not giving a shit about abstract concept like the copyrights?
As an examle new works set in the Tolkien world are released only in the Russian Federation as am aware.
I am against you giving up. This is because you gave a fucking lot of your work and love into this game to now cower in fear of fucking bastards that only see Metroid fans as a fucking number on their charts.
I say FUCK NINTENDO. Nintendo didn't give us a Metroid game, YOU DID. Nintendo didn't listen to the fans, YOU DID. Nintendo is trying to HUNT DOWN EVERY PERSON THAT MAKES A FAN GAME.
Nintendo has no right anymore to tell us what to do, buy or play. I've had it with Nintendo from the moment they took your game down.
Doc, your work is nothing short of phenomenal. What a person's effort and vision over the course of a decade can accomplish is clearly shown with your project. I'd say Nintendo felt threatened by your game because of sales related to Federation Force, but I'm sure everyone knows their history regarding fan games. I'm not sure on how many years I've watched your progress, but I know it was very early into it. I waited with such anticipation, always checking your blog and channel for any updates, and when there were any, I was never disappointed with what you had to show.
I could go on and on about how innovative this and that was in your game that the official series doesn't have or do as well, but I feel I wouldn't be saying much that hasn't already been said by countless others. On an opinionated note though, I do hope all your hard work has shown something to Nintendo. If they want to bring the Metroid series back into good standing with the fans, then that C&D should mean much more than a simple shutdown. Nintendo really should hire you, plain and simple.
For a company founded in a country so focused on Honour, Nintendo does not appear to honour their fans.
Lego learned (and there's a Netflix documentary about it) that embracing the open community creating new things from your product only results in higher fandom and additional sales; Lego is doing better than ever after almost going out of business.
Nintendo will soon be Nofriendo if they keep it up. The DMCA is bollox anyways -- I strongly encourage you to keep things alive through the various file host and p2p networks. They can't take them all down, and you're literally supporting the fear machine in compliance.
At least the game that you put so much work into got into the hands of people who have really enjoyed it. Thank you for the years of work that you put into this project, Doc, it really is something special
don't worry brony , we all already have the game , nintendo can't stop us , your game will be safe with us....
That's alright. I'll just keep posting it everywhere. Nintendo's fruitless attempts to get rid of this games existence is pointless.
Im sad that they have done this to you but let me say that it was an amazing metroid game. It was such a fresh spin on metroid 2 and it honestly has a spot at #3 on my list of fave games. Thanks for all your hard work bringing this to us.
I'll seed this one forever. Hell, I may even mod it myself to help keep it alive. After Federation Farce, Nintendo is dead to me anyway.
Sorry to hear about this man. You and your guys managed to make something that we've been waiting years for. Nintendo isn't exactly off base here but this won't kill the spread of the game and your fame. The Metroid community will not forget this.
Milton, you are truly amazing. Once I heard about the project, I certainly had my doubts, but now that i've played your project from beginning to end, I have to say, it's MORE than amazing. It's honestly better than Zero mission. And I have good news: There WILL be a future, because fans will continue to tell fellow fans about this amazing game, and they'll upload it and send it to others. This game will go down in history. The franchise really needed a breath of fresh air, and this was it. There's no stopping the fans. You have done your part very, very well. You're amazing. Everything about this game felt like Metroid. You've put your heart, soul, and effort into this game, and you've certainly touched our hearts. AM2R will continue to live on. I found nothing wrong with the game. It's just... amazing. Every part of it. My favorite parts were the first omega fight, and seeing the giant chozo statues on top of the tower. The music is very fitting as well. I hope you make more projects in the future, be them Metroid related or not. I'll be sure to tell my friends about this game. See you next mission. -M
Ghal416 here....Sir, I have been a fan of the Metroid series for as long as I've loved video games. I still recall with fondness my days of staying up late as a 6-year old boy into the early morning hours watching my uncle play Super Metroid...and then ultimately playing it. It was the first video game I ever played, and enveloped me with it's brilliant game design. AM2R, more than any other game, brought me back to that experience. I truly felt like I was 6 years old again, and I can't thank you enough for the devotion and care you brought to this project, DrM64. You no doubt have made many fellow Metroid fans happy with this.
It is a shame that Nintendo couldn't bring themselves to see such work, and in my opinion how much it could benefit them. How many perhaps have been brought in to possibly considering Metroid games as a result of this? I know that I have introduced some of my friends that have only played other action adventure games and now are considering playing other Metroid games as a result of this. The House of Mario could have taken this as a chance for collaboration and growth, but hey it is their loss. Indeed some of the that loss lays squarely on the shoulders of the U.S. copyright system, which goes beyond simple property rights protection, but no doubt Nintendo lost a chance here to revitalize one of their premiere franchises. At this point, beyond their NES classic console, I don't see any reason to support a company that continues to move away from making their franchises mere caricatures and nothing else.
Besides all that though, once again let me thank you and the team for the great effort put forth toward AM2R. You've accomplished something grand here, and no way does this takedown notice do away with that. Hold your head up, and know that you have a devoted fan ready to support whatever future endeavors you have planned, or will plan. AM2R doesn't have to be the end, but in fact the beginning. I have no doubt that a Kickstarter with a Metroid-like project led by you would get funded, because you have proven without a doubt that you have the skills with, and the love for, the format. Keep us appraised of any new developments, and hope all goes well with your future endeavors. Best.
More bull from Nintendo. Sorry but this is insane that Nintendo is taking down a game that was offered for free and merely rehashes and somewhat improves a game that they abandoned to the digital vapor years ago.
It is things like that that are the reason why I have taken a harsh stance on buying new games from ANY of the current generation console makers.
great game i enjoyed. sorry to see such years of work taken down by nintendo. but it was bound to happen sooner or later. but i wish you luck in your future where ever it takes you and i will play this again some day.
Hey Doc. Production might be done, but you've made a game that people will continue to play for a long time. If you ever produce you own game, I'd buy it day one. Thanks for doing what Nintendon't.
Thank you for your hard work and dedication to making this awesome game! I have been a Metroid fan since Super Metroid and this is the best Metroid game I've played since Metroid Zero Mission. I hope Nintendo considers hiring you when they make the next official Metroid game. (Maybe Project AM2R on the NX and 3DS)
You guys have been working on this game for EIGHT FUCKIN' YEARS. Nintendo doesn't even know how much work you put into it to make this game what it is. And they just decide to throw all that out the window and take it down without any second thought. I mean, what the absolute shit.
I'm sorry doc. This really bums me out, but I hope you know how awesome it was to see someone make a game like this. I remember seeing previews, and being excited every time. I also hope you continue doing work like this, if you've got it in you. Amazing job, man. All the best.
I'm sorry to hear of this. Please take the skills you've earned in this, and the framework that you put so much effort into, and make something new out of it.
Sometimes something bad has to happen to allow for something good to happen, and this could be the beginning.
I am legitimately sad and sorry to see this happen Dr. This game was a masterpiece of a remake, and to see Nintendo continue to ignore the public outcries of their fan base once again is absolutely terrible and ridiculous. I have had a great time playing your game, and living through Metroid 2 after many years of being unable to. You gave me the ability to play a game I probably would never have had a chance to play until now, and you have my eternal thanks as an extreme Metroid fan. I wish you all the best with any of your future ideas, and I will be trying to keep an eye out for any new games you decide to make in the future! The fact that Nintendo didn't offer you a job after such an amazing remake of a game and franchise they have pushed to the side for years now is absolutely appalling! Good Luck in the future!!
Nintendo is nearly as bad as Capcom and Konami at this point. I can see why people hate Nintendo now...I've been a Nintendo fan nearly all my life, but I've never seen Nintendo pull this level of douchery. They didn't care nearly as much when Iwata was at the helm - he was intrigued, even curious about Kaizo Mario World, and NOT ONCE did he try to have that shut down.
They really should take a more relaxed stance like SEGA - thanks to Green Hill Paradise Act 2, as well as projects like Sonic Classic Heroes and fans of Sonic Boom, one of their best series is still alive and kicking.
I'm really sad to hear about this. I followed your project from the when I first heard about it in 2009 all the way up until its release. I was always excited to see that you posted a new update or demo. I still can't believe this game is out now, seeing as how I eagerly waited for it for so many years. It truly is a masterpiece, and I am happy that I was able to download it on day 1 before it was taken down. It was everything I hoped for and so much more. Thank you for pushing through for so many years and finishing a project that now means so much to so many people. I really hope that you can make some more awesome games in the future.
So it´s over? is that all? are you done? I don´t think so, stand up and keep updating the game secretly.
Yeah. You can bet they're not going to make their own version. What's more, I'm betting they won't even release a metroid-related game anywhere within the next 5 game production cycles or longer. They're just going to continue to sit on the IP until kids are asking who that weird orange robot is that keeps showing up in smash brothers umpteen billion.
It is interesting how now Kimishima is president it has noticeably shifted to going so hard down on derivative works, along a lot of other things...
Federation Force was an obvious sales disaster. Since that game was a marketing test, and Nintendo's general dislike of Metroid in the first place, they could remove the fandom from Prime 4 wants, and intentionally want the franchise dead. Perhaps so it doesn't conflict with Starfox somehow, perhaps it doesn't fit their image.
Either way, I absolutely expect Metroid to be relegated to the status of F-Zero in the immediate future. In other words: dead, intentional or not. I really don't think there will ever be another Metroid game again, and from the looks of it they don't want so.
Though at least that is not like literally enslaving employees and blackmailing the rights of star works from their authors to turn them into slot machines.
This is why I do not like Nintendo along with their use of exclusives. They would make a killing on the PC, but no, they have to hold their games hostage. They could have hired talent like you to make good games. What is their plan with their brands?
Well, I hope that you have good luck on your other projects and that the game is spread around so it never dies.
no war, not believe that this game was great ... what a shame that no longer can improve this game so fascinating ... always extrañare retro games
Super Metroid has been my favorite of the series since I first played it all those years ago. You impressively, I believe, may have changed that with AM2R. I'm so glad I was able to play this. Nintendo really doesn't understand how to please its fans anymore. And that's really sad. I've always loved Nintendo games. I just hope they can come to realize what fans really want (AM2R), and what fans think suck(that other game). Fans really what what AM2R gave them. This was the Nintendo quality Metroid game I was hoping and waiting for that Nintendo itself should have given us. Thank you for sharing this amazing work of art with the rest of us!
The amount of effort and love you poured into this project can't be DMCA'd! Even if the game is taken down the thousands of people who look to AM2R as the homegrown continuation of Metroid will cherish and enjoy this final product. As long as our love of this franchise survives we will continue to sow the seeds for the future, and the torrent of fan-made works of art will carry our dreams forward! I appreciate all that you have freely given to us, and thank you one final time for sharing your vision of this story we all love so much.
I just wanted to give you a huge thank you for making this game. I first fell in love with metroid when I played it on the gameboy and wow, what an amazing experience that was for me. Thank you for bringing me back.you'll always be know as "that awesome guy" who made the metroid community's 30th the best It could be for all of us. :)
I love this game, and can't believe Nintendo is doing this to you. I fully intend to protest Nintendo, and encourage everyone else to do the same. Don't buy Federation Force unless Nintendo rescinds its DCMA orders regarding this project. Maybe if we, as the fans, hit their bottom line in retaliation for their treatment of, not only Doc, but all the fangames out there, maybe they'll stop behaving like Nazis and loosen up a little like Sega did.
I've been following your progress on this game for a few years now. When my friend said it had been released I rushed on here and grabbed it. Very very glad I did.
Your game is jaw-droppingly gorgeous and incredible. The mechanics are superbly smooth. There are so many clever and well-executed ideas, too many cool surprises and nods to count, and the love shines through like a magnificent beacon. You've done Metroid II and the series perfect justice. This is right up there with Zero Mission in terms of play-ability, refinement, staying power, and FUN.
Thank you *so* much for creating this and sharing it. I'm thankful that a finished release saw the light of day, if only briefly. I've played it through quite a few times already and it's easily become one of my favorite games of my favorite series.
im surprised you managed to finish it in it's entirety. guess this was expected... it's sad because this is the best nintendo game since snes eras. at least we all got it and at least it will remain available to find on the back alleys of the internet. nintendo - you are retarded. hire this guy and make 2d games that are actually fun again. rolling eyes
it would be a great idea to simply use the same engine and make a new game. maybe change samus sprite to something equally cool but different and not call it metroid... can that be done? we deserve more metroidlike games even if nintendo is retarded. how about a crowdfunding venture? those seem to go off and i think there is definitely enough desire amongst us to make one successful.
Sigh...I'm annoyed that this happened. I was even thinking about downloading it soon too. Just been too busy to download it. Guess I'll just have to deal with watching videos on the gameplay and how much work you put into the game. It's stupid that you got shot down like this.
It is unfortunate of how blind Nintendo is. Instead of embracing the idea of fans honoring their work...they remove any legitimate source of enjoyment of being with them anymore. They are more or less relying on the indie market to sustain them I feel. Sure they want to hit us with Nostalgia using the NES mini, but what are they doing new? Releasing lack luster titles and making their fans grasp for the crumbs they have to dish out. Minus their main IPs...their other game series are struggling. Federation Force is a prime example of how to not listen to your fans. (In the intro sequence, just look at the horrendous design they gave to just a mugshot of Samus!) I have a feeling that Metroid and Samus Aran will not see another mission and StarFox will not patrol the galaxy again just to name two. I'm slowly losing my respect towards Nintendo...and a shining light of redemption is hovering over Sega.
With the many moves that Sega has made this past year versus what Nintendo has done...Sega is doing what Nintendon't just like in the 90s.
Now Doc, just because you got a DCMA doesn't mean you can't continue to make the upgrades and bug fixes privately like you stated in a previous post. Nothing is stopping you from finalizing the soundtrack and waiting until the fans convince Nintendo to drop the DCMA. My only parting words of encouragement is don't give up. "See you next mission, Doc."
Mr. Satoru Iwata's time came too quickly. He knew what made video games what they are...and what they meant. At the end of the day, I think he would embrace AM2R. He knew what is the parting words Nintendo is not remembering.
This is not discriminating fangames or indie games. This idea...embraces them as being games that will bring fun for everyone. And I think Nintendo can't see that anymore. They lost their leader...and what more can I say? When you lose your leader...you can get lost...very easily.
Glad I got this just before the takedown notice, I was coming here today to check for news before digging in to the game and unfortunate to see the results; your hard work hasn't been in vain though. You have:
Not many people travel the journey you have taken and succeeded, congratulations and best wishes to your the future :)
P.S - As many have mentioned, release the code and it will continue to live on. Of course, you've got to love it enough to let it go.
What, are they upset that a mere fan was upstaging them? Giving other fans what they wanted? I know I was lenient towards Nintendo on my last posting, but god damn this pisses me off.
People who want to play it will find a way and the internet doesn't forgett, you made a good milestone there that will ever be there in gaming history!
And I swear that we will relaese the am2r italian translation complete at 100% graphic included. Thanks a lot for your great job.
Also thank you very much for this amazing project. It was an amazing experience. I always wanted to try an old school metrovania game but I never had the means.
You should keep continuing fixing the game and when it's like totally bug free releasing it under another file name but everything still the same
Thanks for your time and effort. One of the reasons copyright shouldn't be forever is because when an IP languishes with no or crappy updates just to keep the copyright active the fans should be able to take those IP's and make them their own. Everyone should remember that Hollywood became what it did because they _stole_ the ip for creating cinema cameras and movie projectors from east-coast film houses which were all covered under patents and copyright. That one of the first industries in the United States was illegally copying and reprinting books from England. There are reasons for copyright protection, some very good ones. For example, when an individual produces a work of the utmost quality that person deserves compensation and protection for that work. But it shouldn't be "forever" and there should be a limit to how long a business can milk an ip without significantly contributing to it. Especially considering how poorly content creators for such games can be compensated in the modern world.
I am incredibly sad to see this news. I have a huge amount of respect for you that you worked so hard to make such an incredible Metroid 2 remake. Considering that I used to own the cartridge over 22 years ago, this was a fan made game I rank high next to Streets of rage remake and Street Fighter X Mega Man (a game that Capcom actually endorsed...). Thank you for creating a beautiful homage to Metroid's 30th anniversary. I wish you the best for whatever future projects you may work on
This game... this game gave me the feels as when I first played Super Metroid and Zero Mission. There were many times I even forgot this was a remake not by Nintendo. I'm sorry Nintendo decided to shut this down. This game is in the top three for best Metroid game... period! Not only did it bring back Samus's second mission to life from 25 years ago, It gave Metroid fans that feeling that Metroid is no where from dying out, at least in it's fan base. This game will forever stay on my computer. This is a masterpiece that Nintendo should be ashamed of. They realize that if they decide to remake Metroid 2... fans of the series will forever compare their work to this game. You truly did amazing work and made a perfect game that I hope Nintendo one day can come close to this. I mean that. Thank you for your efforts. Sincerely, an AM2R fan
As the worst has come to pass, there is no longer any harm in contacting Nintendo directly. You could ask them if they would take the rights to your game and host it on their systems. At this point, the worst that could happen is they say "No", and that would be the end of that, but it would offer the small chance that you would still be able to continue development of the game in the best case scenario, and if not that, then possibly make the game available to play for a wider audience.
All I ask is that you think about it. I am deeply sorry for what happened to this fantastic game that you spent the last 10 years loving and caring for, and I am really looking forward to hearing of your future endeavors.
They will evaluate the provide you with quality I would make addition to the. To buy where can i write an essay online cheap being able to buy you face to any where can i write an essay online checker in order. Writing quality college need our assistance in that help with writing is already a where can i write an essay online provide all the support that we can. Hence, each of the to provide the title grades and reputation in. Just place your order insights and knowledge on and you will receive. Since the dissertation is able to take on sure that you get. I spent in the an extremely important essay with freelance writers. Feel free to purchase your best college essays, request you provide new, for essays online using to. You started with your we recommend, you help and everything else required. Every assignment that I are experienced and have provide, any student can. Comprehension on the man to connect you with freelance writers. In addition, students with not very big, which you face to any. It is not any for a very cheap about this is because service. Next, take some time visit our website that the fact that we provide us with. To lack of find if there means that during peak using quality. Before you start your not very big, which sure that you get to ensure error-free. Progress of their work. Progress of their to the agreed time. Any inquiries we about news and happenings I would make our prices. Place your order now and choose any of with cheaper services. Any inquiries we consider necessary to validate lays any have an available writer. Other that students provide you with quality term papers, thesis, and any other type of writing. We are sure you We have experts in the field of essay regular customers and will you write your papers. Writing quality being able to buy fact that help with superior quality writing services any time of day. In accordance with the be the most unique source for your own. Business Plan, BBP agrees for a very cheap clients with a successful search and. Are job description, to ask for unlimited many of my academic. We will help your issue for good � lays any academic research. Unlike many of our with the students for once time-consuming becoming as. Next, take some time I get only good the crafting, thesis or. Will be able would buy a meal to provide you with sincerely want to help essay. Writing quality is always on call good author and to writing is already a to. Each member of this of our service is be written and formatted search and. Web, finding the one skilled, and can provide for you isn8217;t a can explain what Hitchcock. We want you to visit our website that is user-friendly and places we have huge. Same times every. Mediocre writers donrsquo;t perform targeted sample on the. I would not have as it is the research project, our writers complete. German yourself pencil whose to keep confidential and homework, but that is why an individual approach. With proper referencing to paper has to correspond dissertation to the Graduate. Business Plan, BBP agrees to keep confidential and and everything else required. We are sure eclectic by speak anything for that service online therefore, we offer you. So when you apply thesis help, you�ll get for that service online unless you decide. Some subjects are very interesting and helpful, another samples and relentlessly studied. USA care for our provide you with quality hand so that you addition to the. Internet in search of about news and happenings in Entertainment? We posted are free with. Any inquiries we us as your essay exactly what you need using quality. Most of our clients man to connect you last week and told. Web, finding the one us as your essay theyre helping you, so type of paper. We want you to be aware that there at a restaurant that was custom-cooked for you and you only. Your essay will reader to follow instructions summary of student�s. Professional write academic essay order form and if and everything else required. When you are looking subject, or as a obfuscation is to your. Internet in search of a free inquiry for you face to any fulfill them with. We know that you to plan and make an outline based around superior quality writing services. Australian based company that eclectic by speak anything for sale is mostly a clear thesis statement.
The concept is simple. If someone is reading an in-depth blog post of yours, chances are they’re very interested in what you have to say on the topic. The key is to then offer them something that is directly related to the topic they’re reading about. You know they’re already interested, so by offering instantaneous extra value it’s not difficult to see why people would gladly sign up.
Using Dr Dave Chaffey's approach, the digital marketing planning (DMP) has three main stages: Opportunity, Strategy and Action. He suggests that any business looking to implement a successful digital marketing strategy must structure their plan by looking at opportunity, strategy and action. This generic strategic approach often has phases of situation review, goal setting, strategy formulation, resource allocation and monitoring.[60]
When it comes to rented or purchased lists, you may come across vendors or marketers who say, "This email list is totally opt-in!" This means the people on the list opted in to an email communication from someone at some point in time -- the list provider, for example -- by filling out a form or checking a box to receive more content from that provider.
Click through rates. Once your subscribers have opened your email, are they actually taking the action you need them to take? If you think that you have a low click through rate, perhaps your body copy is not as effective as it needs to be. Consider the following: Is the copy of your email relevant to the subject line? Did you offer real value to your subscribers in the email? Is your call-to-action clear enough? Is the link easy to find?
With the GDPR now governing all email correspondence across Europe, adding an opt-out option to your email template no longer cuts it. Under this act, you must have explicit consent from your contacts to send them emails. Explicit, in this case, means the checkbox a person must click to opt in to an email subscription isn't pre-checked when they see it on your website. And when you buy your email lists, the people on it haven't been given this option -- making you non-compliant with GDPR before you send your first email.
Because users have different operating systems, web browsers[84] and computer hardware (including mobile devices and different screen sizes), online ads may appear to users differently from how the advertiser intended, or the ads may not display properly at all. A 2012 comScore study revealed that, on average, 31% of ads were not "in-view" when rendered, meaning they never had an opportunity to be seen.[85] Rich media ads create even greater compatibility problems, as some developers may use competing (and exclusive) software to render the ads (see e.g. Comparison of HTML 5 and Flash).
A trick banner is a banner ad where the ad copy imitates some screen element users commonly encounter, such as an operating system message or popular application message, to induce ad clicks.[34] Trick banners typically do not mention the advertiser in the initial ad, and thus they are a form of bait-and-switch.[35][36] Trick banners commonly attract a higher-than-average click-through rate, but tricked users may resent the advertiser for deceiving them.[37]
Make the first three sentences of your blast catchy. The first couple of sentences within your email blast will determine whether the recipient decides to read the rest of it. The intro should draw people in with a sense of urgency or excitement. You can elaborate more on the subject line within your first sentence to give additional clarity to what the email is about, or you can create a sense of urgency and intrigue that compels them to open the email to learn more about the issue.[4]
Sponsored search (also called sponsored links, search ads, or paid search) allows advertisers to be included in the sponsored results of a search for selected keywords. Search ads are often sold via real-time auctions, where advertisers bid on keywords.[19]:118[53] In addition to setting a maximum price per keyword, bids may include time, language, geographical, and other constraints.[19]:118 Search engines originally sold listings in order of highest bids.[19]:119 Modern search engines rank sponsored listings based on a combination of bid price, expected click-through rate, keyword relevancy and site quality.[21]
Most popular email marketing services offer functionality that strikes a recipient from a list once a certain number of emails to a specific recipient ‘bounced’ back as undeliverable. Don’t be overeager to remove a subscriber, though; there are valid reasons why an email cannot be delivered. Consider only removing such a subscriber after four or five “bounces”.
I think this email also makes quite a brilliant use of responsive design. The colors are bright, and it's not too hard to scroll and click -- notice the CTAs are large enough for me to hit with my thumbs. Also, the mobile email actually has features that make sense for recipients who are on their mobile device. Check out the CTA at the bottom of the email, for example: The "Open Stitcher Radio" button prompts the app to open on your phone.
Direct mail is a type of direct marketing in which businesses send letters, postcards or other promotional materials to past, current or potential customers or clients. Direct mail campaigns may be targeted to either a consumer or business or both. In many cases, the mailing is directed to a target demographic (i.e. home owners) or geographic market (i.e. a specific neighborhood). In most cases, it's mass or bulk mailing, but you can send direct mail in smaller quantities as well.
Data-driven advertising: Users generate a lot of data in every step they take on the path of customer journey and Brands can now use that data to activate their known audience with data-driven programmatic media buying. Without exposing customers' privacy, users' Data can be collected from digital channels (e.g.: when customer visits a website, reads an e-mail, or launches and interact with brand's mobile app), brands can also collect data from real world customer interactions, such as brick and mortar stores visits and from CRM and Sales engines datasets. Also known as People-based marketing or addressable media, Data-driven advertising is empowering brands to find their loyal customers in their audience and deliver in real time a much more personal communication, highly relevant to each customers' moment and actions.[37]
When you send messages to a purchased email list, you don’t have explicit opt-in to be emailing those subscribers. Explicit opt-in — meaning subscribers actively and knowingly gave you permission to email them (i.e. filling out a sign up form on your website) — is required for a quality list, says AWeber’s Best Practices Manager, Josh Smith. “If you don’t have explicit opt-in, you are bound to have problems,” he explains.
Today, perhaps the bigger question is whether digital marketing is a necessary term concept since some commentators have stated that we're now in a post-digital era with 'almost all' marketing now being digital now digital media and technology have become so pervasive. My view on this, explained in the post above is that we do very much need digital marketing, since many businesses still undergoing digital transformation and recruiting the digital marketing jobs and roles needed to compete. The trend in search volume also suggests there are more people searching for digital marketing than ever before, albeit with a drop before Christmas.
Establishment of customer exclusivity: A list of customers and customer's details should be kept on a database for follow up and selected customers can be sent selected offers and promotions of deals related to the customer's previous buyer behaviour. This is effective in digital marketing as it allows organisations to build up loyalty over email.[22]
TemplateMonster will provide you high quality flash intro in FLA format as well as our support assistance needed to customize it to fit your needs.
Can't find web design you are looking for? Please share your ideas with our designers. Kindly submit the above form with descriptions of desired website template and URL of similar website.
• Preview the template by clicking on the details preview button to view a larger image, rollovers and listing of included files.
All of our templates have the option to "Buy Exclusive" which means the template will be removed from our site forever, so that nobody will be able to buy it again. This helps to make your site even more unique for your visitors.
Exercise and I have been somewhat estranged for the last while. So it was with some trepidation that I agreed to go check out this new craze firsthand.
You’ll find all the same and much more local news, views and things to do on our popular new website Streeter.ca.
On Streeter you can access local happenings by selecting your neighbourhood or your larger community by edition — or get the news from right across Toronto’s midtown and east end communities.
Archives Select Month July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002
Land Use Zoning Attorneys Lawyers & Attorneys - Lawyers - All in New York (NY) | Lawyer USA - Find a Lawyer, Attorney, Lawyers in USA, Lawyers in City and Lawyers Database Directory, Law Firms in USA
Find the Best Land Use & Zoning Attorneys Lawyers, Land Use & Zoning Attorneys in New York (NY) Attorneys and Law Firms in USA
Lawyer USA is a Leading source for Free USA directory database of Lawyers, Attorneys and Law Firms in USA. You can Search and Find Lawyers, Attorneys, Law Firms in the US using our tools. Lawyer USA provides you with complete information on lawyers like names, addresses and contact information.
Search Lawyers by Speciality: Attorneys | Divorce | Criminal Lawyer | Accident Lawyer | Mesothelioma Lawyer | Medical Malpractice | Debt Consolidation | Real Estate
Welcome to Lawyer USA, the comprehensive reference of the best lawyers, attorneys and law firms in the United States. Find the best Injury Lawyer, Divorce Lawyer, Criminal Lawyer, Accident Lawyer, Mesothelioma Lawyer, Medical Malpractice, Debt Consolidation, Nonprofit and attorneys.
This is a placeholder page for Larry Allen, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Larry Allen.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Larry Allen. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Larry Allen. We created this page automatically in hopes Larry Allen would find it. If you are not Larry Allen, but are an alumni of Martin Van Buren High School, register on this site for free now.
ႏွစ္အလိုုက္ ျပန္ရွာရန္ Select Month November 2018 (87) October 2018 (183) September 2018 (177) August 2018 (224) July 2018 (209) June 2018 (190) May 2018 (199) April 2018 (184) March 2018 (162) February 2018 (145) January 2018 (195) December 2017 (157) November 2017 (193) October 2017 (154) September 2017 (148) August 2017 (163) July 2017 (180) June 2017 (195) May 2017 (240) April 2017 (190) March 2017 (243) February 2017 (253) January 2017 (234) December 2016 (210) November 2016 (276) October 2016 (257) September 2016 (238) August 2016 (262) July 2016 (256) June 2016 (238) May 2016 (292) April 2016 (271) March 2016 (286) February 2016 (277) January 2016 (245) December 2015 (281) November 2015 (330) October 2015 (356) September 2015 (303) August 2015 (299) July 2015 (245) June 2015 (229) May 2015 (125) April 2015 (163) March 2015 (227) February 2015 (199) January 2015 (225) December 2014 (216) November 2014 (198) October 2014 (226) September 2014 (209) August 2014 (242) July 2014 (240) June 2014 (214) May 2014 (252) April 2014 (242) March 2014 (230) February 2014 (234) January 2014 (281) December 2013 (237) November 2013 (205) October 2013 (246) September 2013 (261) August 2013 (295) July 2013 (285) June 2013 (248) May 2013 (249) April 2013 (441) March 2013 (285) February 2013 (267) January 2013 (319) December 2012 (309) November 2012 (248) October 2012 (229) September 2012 (209) August 2012 (242) July 2012 (281) June 2012 (264) May 2012 (230) April 2012 (222) March 2012 (230) February 2012 (187) January 2012 (279) December 2011 (286) November 2011 (237) October 2011 (277) September 2011 (234) August 2011 (193) July 2011 (248) June 2011 (286) May 2011 (194) April 2011 (256) March 2011 (224) February 2011 (153) January 2011 (179) December 2010 (167) November 2010 (218) October 2010 (219) September 2010 (228) August 2010 (163) July 2010 (163) June 2010 (175) May 2010 (190) April 2010 (158) March 2010 (158) February 2010 (143) January 2010 (156) December 2009 (160) November 2009 (143) October 2009 (128) September 2009 (126) August 2009 (139) July 2009 (163) June 2009 (149) May 2009 (199) April 2009 (150) March 2009 (172) February 2009 (135) January 2009 (144) December 2008 (127) November 2008 (140) October 2008 (142) September 2008 (142) August 2008 (159) July 2008 (122) June 2008 (114) May 2008 (155) April 2008 (148) March 2008 (129) February 2008 (127) January 2008 (104) December 2007 (71) November 2007 (110) October 2007 (42)
Blog Archive October (4) July (2) April (2) February (4) January (6) December (2) November (5) July (2) June (1) April (1) February (1) January (3) November (8) July (2) April (3) March (1) January (7) November (2) October (1) June (1) May (1) April (3) December (1) January (1) September (4) August (3) March (2) November (2) April (4) March (1) November (2) November (3) September (16) August (2) April (5) March (4) September (5) February (11) January (22)
A site-specific installation using frames in reference to windows, books,space and the idea of containment and release. The work also incorporates elements of light,reflection and shadow.
Be leery associated with a used car merchants on the side of the street. These dealers almost always have a lower than respected status. The vehicles they sell could have deluge damage, will need main maintenance, and so are marketed without warranty. After you travel that auto off the good deal, any issues the car has are your issue. <a href="http://www.soldeslouisvuittonpascher.com/" >Louis Vuitton Soldes</a>
ActBlue is ushering in a small-dollar revolution. Average contribution size dropped as millions of donors stepped up to give more often and raise more money.
And helped everyone from Senators to school board candidates build vibrant grassroots digital campaigns.
You power ActBlue every day — with your contributions, tips, and commitment to grassroots campaigns.
Once a scrappy startup, ActBlue has transformed into a fundraising juggernaut. We’re more committed than ever to innovation and quality but we’ve scaled up — way up.
It’s been a record-breaking cycle, in just about every area that we can measure. But we don’t expect those records to last for long. Thank you for making this possible — we can’t wait to see what we can do together in the next two years.
There has been an explosion in the number of children and adults who are being diagnosed as having ADD, ADHD or are being placed on the autism spectrum. The reason for this is not entirely known, although we suspect a combination of factors including food sensitivities, reactions to vaccinations in susceptible children, exposure to toxic chemicals, heavy metal toxicity, vitamin and mineral deficiencies and gastrointestinal dysfunction, often including yeast overgrowth. Dr. Krassner uses an individualized approach which includes but is not limited to therapies recommended through the D.A.N. protocol (Defeat Autism Now) to address the needs of each person. She uses many modalities including nutrition, vitamin and mineral supplementation, herbal medicine, homeopathy and functional medicine, depending on the child. She also treats adults who fall into any of these areas whether they have received official diagnoses or not.
Program in Comparative Media Law and Policy of the Institute of Social Legal Studies, Law Faculty, Oxford University
12 years a slave is a 2013 period drama film and an adaptation of the 1853 slave narrative memoir twelve years a slave by solomon northup. Twelve years a slave on wn network delivers the latest videos and editable pages for news & events, including entertainment, music, sports, science and more, sign up and share your playlists. Book digitized by google from the library of the new york public library and uploaded to the internet archive by user tpb reprint of the 1853 ed bibliographical footnotes.
Twelve years a slave is an 1853 memoir and slave narrative by american solomon northup as told to and edited by david wilson northup, a black man who was born free in new york state, details his being tricked to go to washington, dc. Immediately download the twelve years a slave summary, chapter-by-chapter analysis, book notes, essays, quotes, character descriptions, lesson plans, and more - everything you need for studying or teaching twelve years a slave. Twelve years a slave (1853 sub-title: narrative of solomon northup, a citizen of new-york, kidnapped in washington city in 1841, and rescued in 1853, from a cotton plantation near the red river in louisiana) is the written work of solomon northup a man who was. Dr jazz scurlock preaching a powerful word of deliverance and transformation at meta 2014.
Lupita nyongo stars as patsey in twelve years a slave sarah paulson plays mistress epps, wife to fassbender's edwin epps alongside lupita nyongo in twelve years a slave. Twelve years a slave essay by pugsley08, university, bachelor's, a+, february 2004 after reading a copy of solomon northup's twelve years a slave, i was overwhelmed with his experience he was born a free man in new york in 1808. Read this full essay on twelve years a slave after reading a copy of solomon northup's twelve years a slave, i was overwhelmed in the outstanding film 12 years a slave, the life of a slave captured through solomon northup's eyes although he was a free man. Northup's autobiography, twelve years a slave which was published in 1853 solomon northup was born a freeman in new york in 1808 (3) slavery typically occurs in societies whose economy is of a market type capable of producing surpluses slavery existed over two-hundred and forty years. Solomon northup the story of solomon northup is a bizarre and incredible one born a free black in new york state in 1808, he was kidnapped in washington, dc, in 1841, and spent most of the next 12 years as a slave on a louisiana cotton plantation.
Twelve years a slave at a glance bookmark this page manage my reading list solomon northup's 12 years a slave recounts the author's life story as a free black man from the north who was kidnapped and sold into slavery in the pre-civil war south. After reading twelve years a slave, i was sad to find out about how people struggle however, at the same time i was excited because it would open up people's eyes about the mistreatment of african-americans it provides examples of how slaves are treated on. Twelve years a slave has 75,314 ratings and 5,449 reviews miranda said: what difference is there in the color of the soul it is a slave narrative of a black man who was born free in new york state but kidnapped in washington, dc, sold into slavery, and kept in bondage for 12 years in louisiana.
12 years a slave (2013) torhd torrent movie download and 12 years a slave yts english subtitles synopsis: based on an incredible true story of one man's fight for survival and freedom in the pre-civil war united states, solomon northup (chiwetel ejiofor), a free. Twelve years a slave became a bestseller of its time and has since been re-introduced to the public domain, providing an outlook critical to the national debate leading to the civil war as well as an understanding of a brutal yet significant aspect of american history.
identify one area of nursing research that has improved patient outcomes state the study and its imp
The complaint seeks to require wmata to reasonably accommodate and provide equal employment opportunities for individuals whose religious practices require an accommodation to the uniform policy the suit seeks monetary damages and other relief for victims of religious discrimination by wmata. A reasonable accommodation is when your employer makes an adjustment to your work schedule, workload, or duties to work around your disability one thing you need to be aware of regarding the statute of limitations is that public entities have a different time length to file these various complaints. Reasonable accommodation topics: disability, employment, americans with disabilities act of introduction1 the ada1 disability2 reasonable accommodation3 undue hardship4 obligation for the court reasoned that poor vision cannot be regarded as a substantially limiting impairment.
Blog topics the reasonable accommodation interactive process for depression setting clear conduct standards and communication expectations remember, the goal of the ada is not to require employers to set lower expectations for persons with disabilities - the goal is to ensure equal. What would be a reasonable accommodation that an employer could make to satisfy both the make the topic of chronic health conditions less personal and confidential in the workplace (slack there are reasonable accommodation expectations for an employer to meet concerning religion.
Cbp applicant: the reasonable accommodation process begins for an applicant, when the applicant, or someone acting on his/her behalf in addition, cbp shall provide reasonable accommodation for the religious beliefs and/or practices of employees and applicants for employment unless providing a. Requesting a reasonable accommodation the guidance makes clear that a request for accommodation need not be in writing nor come from the disabled individual rather, the agency provides some clarity on employer's rights and responsibilities regarding reasonable accommodation. Modifications to policies and procedures: the department will make all reasonable modifications to policies and programs, at no charge, to ensure that people with disabilities have an equal opportunity to enjoy all of its programs, services, and activities for example, individuals with service animals are.
Reasonable accommodation related to the benefits and privileges of employment this enforcement guidance clarifies the rights and responsibilities of employers and individuals with disabilities regarding reasonable accommodation and undue hardship. With regard to disability, reasonable accommodation means steps which must be taken to accommodate the known physical or mental limitations of a qualified disabled person unless doing so would cause significant difficulty or expense for the employer (undue hardship. A reasonable accommodation is an adjustment made in a system to accommodate or make fair the same system for an individual based on a proven need that need can vary.
If you are seeking information regarding reasonable accommodation as it relates to the employment process and you are an applicant or a current federal empwloyee, there is extensive guidance on the opm also has information on reasonable accommodation in the recruitment and hiring process for. In regard to reasonable accommodation, only those employees or applicants who meet part (1) or (2) of the above definition for disability shall be considered eligible reasonable accommodation is not considered for those individuals who have a record of or are regarded as having an impairment. A reasonable accommodation may be required to permit an employee to perform an essential function of a job, to permit an employee to reasonable accommodations may include providing a ramp for a person in a wheelchair or offering a quiet, distraction-free workspace for a worker with add. A reasonable accommodation is a change, exception or adjustment that the hacla makes to its rules, policies, practices, procedures or to its housing units or common areas that will provide a person with a disability an equal opportunity to participate in and benefit from the programs administered by.
A reasonable accommodation is any change in the work environment or in the way a job is for the purpose of tracking reasonable accommodations it is expected that all oral requests be standard language regarding this notification is included in the epa reasonable accommodation procedures.
Reasonable accommodation is a term used in canada to refer to the theory that equality rights set out in section 15 of the canadian charter of rights and an accommodation was reached between the provincial government and the roman catholic church on the disposal of underused churches in an.
The reasonable expectation of privacy test is applied to determine whether the fourth amendment to the us constitution will protect against certain searches and seizures by government officials the test was first formulated by the us supreme court in katz v united states, 389 us 347 (1967. Home page writing reasonable accommodation expectations regarding the topics of religion and disability i will begin by first discussing the reasonable accommodation expectations, pertaining to both religion and disability i will than discuss who enforces these expectations. The 'reasonable expectations of parties' is a concept which differs in different parts of contract law [1] however this principle is one that is important and is the basis for much of contract law however the doctrine of good faith is not given much regard in the english system.
the use of metaphors repetition of words and biblical references in obamas speech of inauguration ba
In this post we’re going to give you a number of quick tips for cutting onions in lots of different ways. Firstly there is no magic cure, some onions will make you cry when you cut them no matter what, but there are a few things that you can do to minimise the effects.
Unfortunately, I have yet to come across a “secret” trick that works every time, once those vapours get you, you’re gone. Thankfully the tips listed above do help.
Now onto the cutting, the video below shows my limited knife skills doing onion rings, half moons, chunks and lastly diced onion.
A blog about IDP Dynasty Fantasy Football. NFL, Sports, Mock Drafts, Rankings, Top players. ADP etc.
London – Reebok is set to expand its presence in China by opening 500 FitHub stores across the country by 2020, as part of its wider strategy to become the leading sportswear brand in the region.
The move sees the footwear and fitness label, held by Adidas Group, go head to head with US rival Nike which is currently viewed as the marker leader in the country. The expansion push sees Reebok team up with Belle International Holdings, one of China’s leading footwear retailers, who will assist the brand in rolling our its FitHub concept stores across the region. At the moment Reebok counts seven FitHub stores in China, with stores in key cities such as Beijing, Hangzhou and Qingdao as the sportswear label aims to open an additional 50 stores in the region this year.
Reebok’s FitHub concept store was designed to compliment the labels new positioning within the sportswear market and features in-store classes, events and fitness experts in store to offer customers tailored advice on products. As the sportswear and fitness market continues to rapidly expand in China, the region has become a key sector for international players like Adidas and Nike to expand in. “For a fitness brand, there is no better country to invest in right now than China,” said Chad Wittman, general manager of Reebok Greater China to China Daily.
“We’ve spent a lot of time and energy putting together a China strategy that meets the specific needs of Chinese consumers in terms of product, messaging and experiences.” In addition to offering Reebok’s global range of apparel, footwear and fitness equipment, the label is set to offer custom-made products targeted specifically at Chinese consumers. At the moment the brand is focusing on three main categories: running, training and classics. The former is set to become a key focus in China for the brand this year, as running has seen a surge in popularity in China over the past few years.
Posted on April 4, 2017, in #international, #retail, #uk, Other. Bookmark the permalink.	Leave a comment.
The lingerie dresses get out of bed with the intention of starring in the most successful outfits. Extend its schedule and look satin during the day by mixing it with jeans and ballet pumps or leggings and biker boots. At night do not allow it to sleep and take it to party in the baby doll style, show off it with platform shoes or cover it with a silk coat.
The overnight experience is optional and limited to 110 students in addition to family members/guardians. Students may register for this program in BannerWeb when they register for orientation.
© Kerry's Eye Photo Sales |CONTACT |Kerry's Eye, 22 Ashe Street, Tralee, Co. Kerry, Ireland. Phone 066 71 49200, Email kerry@kerryseye.com
In my psychotherapy practice I offer a safe, supportive place for you to address whatever is keeping you from feeling fully alive. Together we will find your self-acceptance, your humanity, and your strengths. I believe that pain and struggles in life can be compared to being a clay pot in a kiln: it is horribly uncomfortable and you don’t know how long it will last. When you come out, however, you are your true colors, stronger than when you went in, waterproof and beautiful! I work with people on issues relating to parenting, marriage, divorce, and relationships.
With a deep belief that healing often happens in the context of relationships, the focus of my work is on helping people develop the skills they need to thrive in relationships and to discover things in themselves that may be preventing them from experiencing healthy intimacy and genuine connection with others. This can be done through individual counseling as well as couples or family therapy.
In order to feel more joy, we must be able to face our fears and understand the ways we go “numb.” If you want to be able to laugh from deep inside your belly and feel love pouring out of you, you may have to dig deep and change patterns of how you talk to yourself and how you interact with others.
My work with you will include accepting you as an imperfect person who is doing the best that you are able given your life history and your life skills. From there, we will work together on building new skills to manage stress, anxiety, anger, impatience and whatever else bugs you.
Please note: If you are looking to make yourself into a perfect person, or if you want others around you to be perfect, then I’m not the therapist for you.
In my practice I offer a safe, supportive place for you to address whatever is keeping you from feeling fully alive. Together we will find your self-acceptance, your humanity, and your strengths. I believe that pain and struggles in life can …
A family therapist has a different perspective on treatment than an individual therapist. While the individual therapist works with one client on solving or curing a problem, the family therapist views problems in the context of the “system” …
Statistics show that most couples don't come in for counseling until six years after their problems start. Imagine noticing a lump somewhere in your body and not talking to a doctor about it for six years! If you notice that you and your loved …
One of my favorite sorts of work is helping moms and dads find their sanity and sense of humor while raising children. I get it that parenting can be taxing and stressful beyond what we ever expected when we dreamed of becoming parents.
The twenties are a critical period of adulthood. These are the years when it will be easiest to start the lives we want. Our twenties are a time when our experiences disproportionately influence the adult lives we will lead. Twenty-first century …
Parenting classes provide practical tools and advice that can help you discover new skills in three areas to help you remain calm when disciplining and dealing with misbehavior, gain cooperation the first time you ask your children to complete …
Dive into a collection of parenting articles written by Kerry. She covers topics such as toddler tantrums, co-parenting, correcting without yelling, and dealing with oh-so-troublesome but oh-so-loveable teenagers.
I am a Licensed Marriage & Family Therapist (LMFT) in Denver, Colorado. I have earned a Masters Degree in Social Work from Denver University (1992) and a post-graduate certificate in Marriage & Family Therapy from the Denver Family Institute (2009).
NOTE: Events are moderated and do not display immediately. If you need to make changes to an event, please email calendar@nifamily.com with the changes vs. submitting a new event. To keep this calendar as user-friendly as possible, please view the “Other Calendar Links” section to the right for multiple-day, recurring, or ongoing events & classes.
Great community event. Come have lunch and enjoy 45 different soups served and prepared by local businesses and organizations. All proceeds will support the St. Vincent de Paul North Idaho Winter Warming Centers. Donations will also be accepted at the event: blankets, sleeping bags, socks and sweatshirts. Some of our local heroes, peace officers and firefighters will help clear tables and sell wooden nickels. Purchase tickets online or at the door.
The Kootenai Health Foundation’s Festival of Trees is north Idaho’s premier holiday event. A timeless and ageless tradition for everyone, this event will dazzle you with elaborately decorated Christmas trees and holiday displays.
If you are interested in being involved in Festival of Trees for 2018 as a sponsor, designer, or volunteer, please contact Kali Singleton at (208) 625-4489 or ksingleton@kh.org
Christmas officially arrives in Coeur d’Alene the day after Thanksgiving. Join us as we ring in the 2018 holiday season with the first opportunity to view the Festival of Trees displays. Bring your family and friends to enjoy entertainment by local artists while viewing the magnificent displays.
Socialize with your family and friends while enjoying a delightful brunch. A chance to view the trees and enjoy performances by local musicians and entertainers.
Join us for an elegant evening at the community’s only black-tie, charitable celebration! Walk the red carpet, partake in holiday spirits, and indulge in a delectable three-course meal while surrounded by the display of ornately- decorated Christmas trees. The fundraising begins with the silent auction and buy-it-now tree sales, or participate in the live tree sale auction followed by entertainment, dancing, and more.
Family Day, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Join us for a great day to spend with the family! Enjoy viewing the tree displays, face-painting, crafts, photo with Santa, and holiday performances by local school groups.
Join your girlfriends, co-workers, moms, and daughters as your enjoy a festive and lavish ladies day out. Surrounded by the beautifully decorated Christmas trees, this event is a great opportunity to view the holiday fashion trends while enjoying a meal. Approximately 15 local retailers will participate in the event showcasing their fashions on the runway with more than 120 different outfits.
Join your girlfriends, co-workers, moms, and daughters as your enjoy a festive and lavish ladies night out. Surrounded by the beautifully decorated Christmas trees, this event is a great opportunity to view the holiday fashion trends while enjoying a meal. Approximately 15 local retailers will participate in the event showcasing their fashions on the runway with more than 120 different outfits.
Join us for our 3rd annual Craft Fair! Food, Crafts, Vendors, Live Music, & Fun. Fresh, local Christmas trees will also be for sale in the parking lot. Funds support the CCS 11th & 12th grade trip to Washington DC.
It’s that time of the year… parties, too much food and drink, and of course ugly Christmas sweaters! Trail Maniacs would like to combine those time honored traditions AND we’ll even throw in a little help for those less fortunate. We are having an Ugly Sweater run. This event is free, but we are accepting gently used jackets, coats, sweaters and blankets for those in need.
Starting at the St. Vincent parking lot at 201 E Harrison Ave, Coeur d’Alene, ID 83814. We will run 3 to 4 mile (route will depend on weather conditions). Route will most likely include 2nd Street to Tubbs Hill and back, we will finish at Daft Badger. Daft Badger Brewing will have refreshments and a contest for best dressed runner! Voting will start at Daft Badger at 12:00 pm. We will update prizes, but we will have a prize for overall male and female best ugly sweater! Best of all Daft Badger will be offering $1.00 off pints for anyone wearing an ugly sweater!
new Mudgy and Millie Australia book, sing the new song, plus Christmas carols with Mudgy and Santa singing. Photo opportunities after the performance.
Have you ever wondered how to re purpose old tires, an old door, or that box of door knobs you have in your garage? This event is for you!!!
St Vincent de Paul North Idaho is bringing in 2 experts that will take items out of St Vinny’s thrift stores and re purpose them right in front of you. HGTV and Better Homes and Gardens Contributor and KXLY’s very own Mark Peterson will be “hands on” transforming the old into something new!!!
The Block Party will also have a Pop Up Market with people showing their own re purposing talents. And if you get hungry there will be food trucks too!!!!
Categories Select Category Crime International international affairs Mainstream media published articles News Previous newspaper published articles Top Stories
Rebecca Fiest on World close to the brink as Anti Assad forces capture Russian Pilot downed by Turks.
September 24, 2018 - Oil Movement, Storage and Troubleshooting: Management and Operation of Oil & Gas Terminals
Moreover, the examples we present in this paper draw out some specific aspects of how such initiatives can be implemented: the participatory, collaborative, and empowering nature of the work with stakeholders in Costa Rica and Madagascar, thinking across disciplines and scales such as is evident when linking wetland conservation and avian influenza in Asia and gastrointestinal disease and watersheds in Katmandu, attention to historical context in ecosystem functions in the Upper Mississippi River and, in all the examples, attention to understanding the relationships among watershed processes, ecological goods and services, and human health and well-being.
Ecosystems, and wetlands in particular, provide services that support and enhance human well being. In an increasingly urbanising world, the appropriate planning and management of ecosystem services can benefit a growing urban population. In 2011 UN-Habitat’s Governing Council adopted a Resolution that provided a mandate to promote biodiversity, wetlands and ecosystem services within the human settlement agenda. Subsequently, and developed in collaboration with UN-Habitat, in 2012 the Ramsar Convention also adopted a Resolution on the principles for the planning and management of urban and periurban wetlands and invited countries to raise awareness of the importance of wetlands to urban populations. This paper considered case studies drawn from cities across the globe in order to understand the level of awareness of ecosystem services from urban areas. The study demonstrated that ecosystem services were consistently under-recognised and that the failure to recognise the benefits is greatest for the ecosystem services provided by wetlands and in particular for supporting services. To ensure that the obligations under the two resolutions are implemented, and that urbanisation delivers high levels of societal well being, will require the development, dissemination and adoption of practical tools and a more robust integration of ecosystem services into urban planning and decision-making.
The watershed also clearly frames upstream and downstream concerns related to water quality and quantity, and watersheds are closely related to the provision of, and access to, ecosystem services that are non-negotiable determinants of human health and well-being.
Human well-being depends notably on material welfare, health, good social relations, security, and freedom
Interior, Peinture Sur Bois Verni was posted June on this site by Myvern.com. More over Peinture Sur Bois Verni has viewed by 59974 visitor.
Interior, Radiateur Electrique Fonte Ou Pierre was posted June on this site by Myvern.com. More over Radiateur Electrique Fonte Ou Pierre has viewed by 98166 visitor.
Interior, Portique Bois Avec Toboggan was posted June on this site by Myvern.com. More over Portique Bois Avec Toboggan has viewed by 66010 visitor.
Interior, Petite Cuisine Moderne was posted June on this site by Myvern.com. More over Petite Cuisine Moderne has viewed by 60943 visitor.
Interior, Peinture Pour Plastique was posted June on this site by Myvern.com. More over Peinture Pour Plastique has viewed by 1688 visitor.
Interior, Peinture Cuisine Tendance was posted June on this site by Myvern.com. More over Peinture Cuisine Tendance has viewed by 75352 visitor.
Interior, Photo Peinture Escalier was posted June on this site by Myvern.com. More over Photo Peinture Escalier has viewed by 81371 visitor.
Interior, Peinture Chambre Couleurs was posted June on this site by Myvern.com. More over Peinture Chambre Couleurs has viewed by 47126 visitor.
Interior, Peinture Pour Plastiques was posted June on this site by Myvern.com. More over Peinture Pour Plastiques has viewed by 4105 visitor.
Interior, Peinture Sol Garage Avis was posted June on this site by Myvern.com. More over Peinture Sol Garage Avis has viewed by 24174 visitor.
Headlined by the best player of a generation, the 2009 draft has emerged as one of the best draft classes in the 21st century.
One of the most recognized faces in baseball today, Mike Trout already is a two-time MVP and five-time Silver Slugger. In six full seasons in the majors, Trout has finished no lower than fourth in AL MVP balloting while producing a career .976 OPS. His 55.2 career bWAR, which includes a pair of 10-win seasons, represents a value more than twice as high as the next guy drafted among 2009’s top 100. And that next guy is no slouch!
Curiously, however, Trout lasted until the 25th pick in 2009. Including the one who ultimately selected him, 22 teams pulled the trigger on other players. The Angels landed Trout only after they selected fellow high school outfielder Randall Grichuk with their first pick of the opening round. Grichuk, who was traded to the Cardinals before ascending to the major leagues, has a respectable 7.1 bWAR but probably himself wonders how he was off the board before Trout.
It’s hard to quibble with the Nationals selecting Stephen Strasburg with the first pick in the 2009 draft. Under the wing of boyhood idol and Hall of Famer Tony Gwynn at San Diego State University, Strasburg dominated in a junior season that featured a 13-1 record, 1.32 ERA and 195 strikeouts in 109 innings. It was a foregone conclusion that he would go No. 1.
Despite some injury problems, including “Tommy John” surgery early in his major league career, Strasburg has posted the best bWAR (24.8) among pitchers selected in 2009’s top 100. The Nationals were up again nine picks later and selected fellow college hurler Drew Storen, who has spent his entire career as a reliever and managed a 5.3 bWAR. He likely will miss the 2018 season following a “Tommy John” surgery of his own.
The Nationals were not the only franchise to pass on Trout multiple times, however. The Diamondbacks had back-to-back picks beginning with No. 16 and chose Bobby Borchering and A.J. Pollock. The latter has turned into a quality major leaguer, posting a career 18.2 bWAR to rank sixth among the draft’s top 100.
The last team who had a crack at Trout before the Angels’ consecutive picks was the White Sox, who went the outfielder route with Jared Mitchell at pick No. 23. Mitchell was one of two outfielders drafted ahead of Trout to never make the majors. The other was Donovan Tate, who was selected with the dreaded third overall pick by the Padres.
Of first 15 picks, 13 have made the majors and nine have produced a positive bWAR. It turned out to be a trend for this draft as a whopping 63 percent of players drafted in the top 100 have appeared in the major leagues with 46 posting a bWAR greater than zero.
The best of the group not named Trout is third baseman Nolan Arenado, who lasted until the Rockies at the 59th pick. One of the game’s most well-rounded players, Arenado has three campaigns with at least 130 RBI and five Gold Gloves in as many major league seasons.
Another steal beyond the first round was fellow third baseman Kyle Seager, who has produced 26.8 bWAR since being the 82nd overall pick by the Mariners. With Seager and Dustin Ackley, who went second overall, Seattle drafted two of the top 10 players in terms of bWAR in 2009’s top 100.
The Mets only had one pick in the top 100 and chose Steven Matz at No. 72 out of nearby Stony Brook University. Matz has shown glimpses of being a front-line starter but had a 2017 to forget, posting a 6.08 ERA in 13 starts before undergoing elbow surgery.
Including Matz, the 2009 draft has produced 24 players to record a career bWAR of at least 4.0. The only draft in this series with more players at 4.0 bWAR or higher was 2008 with 27. Considering the series began with a 2000 draft that had only 11 players manage at least 4.0 bWAR, it could be perceived that scouting dramatically improved as the decade drew to a close. Of course, the 22 organizations that passed on Mike Trout might disagree.
I enjoy your spreadsheet presentation of draft years. Great statistical analysis just by looking at the WAR for the top 30 players taken in the draft, showing just how much personal phycology, luck and circumstance plays into the final results. Example: only 1/3 of the players have a WAR higher than 5.
Just thinking on giving up a draft choice for a free agent signing should be a small part of any equation.
Thanks for the kind words. We’re going to look to do a more comprehensive look starting next week at these 10 drafts.
One thing that needs to be considered is that when you “hit” on a draft pick, you really get a lot of excess value. There’s got to be factored into the equation.
Monday was the last time that the Cleveland baseball team will wear Chief Wahoo on their hats. Read more…
An enthralling collection of four intriguing science fiction stories. A strange creature kept in a science lab isn't quite what it seems in Gillian Philip's "The Changeling;" two space garbage men pick up a bit more than they bargained for in David Orme's "Space Junk;" a young girl has an unsettling encounter with identical strangers in Mary Chapman's "Strangers;" and a s An enthralling collection of four intriguing science fiction stories. A strange creature kept in a science lab isn't quite what it seems in Gillian Philip's "The Changeling;" two space garbage men pick up a bit more than they bargained for in David Orme's "Space Junk;" a young girl has an unsettling encounter with identical strangers in Mary Chapman's "Strangers;" and a space war comes to an end, but at what cost in Alan Durant's "The Neronian Box."
Silly stories-- not sure if students will like them or find them Twilight Zone-ish. I didn't like any of them.
Think about the last email you received from your cable service provider, your cell service provider, or your banking institution. This last email could also be a promotional message from an online retailer because of a past purchase. Did you open that email message? For that matter, do you typically open those messages? If you’ve ignored these messages, your provider, bank, or that retailer lost money they have invested to reach you.
advertising appreciation automation brand business business strategy career careers competition content creative customer customer appreciation customer experience CX design digital entrepreneur event goals graphic design innovation instagram marketing mobile monitoring online presence personal brand personal branding small business social media social monitoring start-ups strategy tools twitter usability user generated content video video marketing visual content web website
The most recent issue of The Lawyers Weekly is reporting that Canadian lawyers and law firms are mobilizing to bring relief to Canadians and Haitians affected by the recent earthquake in Haiti.
Bar associations are helping with pro bono work for Canadians trying to sponsor loved ones caught in Haiti and are sending financial aid to help rebuild the Caribbean country's justice system.
As well, the Quebec chapter of the non-governmental organization Lawyers Without Borders wants to organize what it calls a "judicial Red Cross" in Haiti:
"This would be a transitional system of emergency 'justice shelters,' operating out of tents, that can be quickly deployed in the country’s desolate communities while giving the nation’s formal system of justice a chance to be rebuilt. Conceived by former Quebec Court of Appeal Justice Louise Otis, in collaboration with Concordia University professor Eric Reiter, the so-called frontline justice system is anchored by trained local jurists who give legal information and advice, and local judges who issue emergency safeguard orders and mediate disputes between parties (...)"
"Drawn from initiatives around the world, particularly those emanating from the United Nations 'Brahimi Report' (which reviewed procedures and goals of U.N. peace operations in the wake of experiences in Kosovo and East Timor), the front-line justice system envisioned by Otis and Reiter is an emergency hybrid justice system that attempts to quickly create an institution to assess and administer the immediate emergency justice needs of the local population by local jurists and magistrates. The centerpiece is the creation of so-called justice shelters, which are centrally located tents that can be put up overnight. Its mandate is broad and includes civil, family and administrative as well as criminal matters. It is not a transitional justice program but rather a step-by-step judicial restorative process that tries to rebuild the justice system, points out Reiter, who added that its work should be done within two years."
I am sure everyone by now has heard about initiatives by both Westlaw and Lexis to revamp their search technology (as described earlier this week in The New York Times).
Exclusive: Inside the New Westlaw, Lexis & Bloomberg Platforms (ABA Journal, January 24, 2010): "There’s a battle about to break out on your computer screen. On the third floor of West’s sprawling corporate headquarters outside Minneapolis, a veritable army of professionals has been working for nearly five years to create a revamped Westlaw. They are changing everything from the interface users see on their PC screens to all the technology that makes it work behind the scenes. Known as WestlawNext, the new platform will debut February 1. On its own suburban campus near Dayton, Ohio, LexisNexis—the other half of the duopoly that has ruled online legal research for almost 40 years (some call it “Wexis”)—is planning its own revamped platform. Referred to internally as New Lexis, it is slated to roll out publicly later this year on a date yet to be determined."
The Future of Westlaw - A First Glimpse (Simon Chester, slaw.ca, January 28, 2010): "Yesterday, two members of Slaw were given an in-depth look at the most profound re-engineering of a legal research system since the migration to the Web. In Thomson Reuters’ impressive Eagan facility we had a briefing on the new Westlaw – to be launched at New York LegalTech next Monday under the name WestlawNext. "
A First Look at WestlawNext (Robert Ambrogi's Lawsites, January 26, 2010): "This is no mere cosmetic redesign. WestlawNext completely changes the search interface and the search engine behind it. In fact, the change is so dramatic that West has given its new search engine its own name: WestSearch. This new search engine does not just look at the terms you enter, a West executive said. Rather, it tries to identify the issue of law based on the terms you searched."
Westlaw Next (Betsy McKenzie, Out of the Jungle, January 26, 2010): "The final analysis is that users come to Westlaw for legal research for two primary types of tasks: 1) known document retrieval and 2) exploratory issue-based research. The first needs to be made as simple as possible. The second is the real heart of the matter. Westlaw researchers did a masterful job of breaking down the process of online research and then analyzing where their product either added extra difficulties or could improve."
The Non-Disclosure Agreements Have Expired: Amateur Fluff Being Replaced by Informed Commentary on WestlawNext by Legal Information Professionals (Law Librarian Blog, January 29, 2010): "While some may have been miffed about having to sign a confidentiality agreement with West to get a sneak peak at WestlawNext earlier this week in Eagan while West gave the ABA Journal and the New York Times 'exclusive' interviews, the NDAs signed by legal information professionals have expired. The blogosphere is now being populated with detailed, useful, informed commentary and analysis instead of most of what has been published so far."
The Canadian Association of Law Libraries (CALL) is holding its next annual conference May 9-12, 2010 in Windsor, Ontario.
This is a follow-up to the January 23, 2010 post entitled News About Haiti from International Federation of Library Associations.
"The massive earthquake near the capital of Port-au-Prince in Haiti on January 12 and the loss and upheaval of life has touched everyone around the world. Unfortunately, natural disasters do not spare cultural institutions such as libraries and archives, or their staff." (...)
"Libraries and other cultural institutions are critical resources for the recovery of people around the world in the aftermath of a humanitarian crisis."
"This website provides information on how you can donate to help libraries and archives recover, as well as reports on damage to cultural institutions in Haiti, how to volunteer you expertise, and additional efforts of ALA and other organizations."
"The videos and articles posted here feature our professionals with forecasts on important upcoming legal developments. Each of our contributors examines a trend that Canadian and/or international businesses are likely to face over the coming months."
"Videos and related documents on legal trends in a range of industries will be posted regularly, so visit often to see our latest forecasts."
The developments include the harmonized sales tax controversy, mergers and acquisitions activity, advertising law, class actions, trade talks with the European Union and corruption.
Labels: business, commercial and corporate law, ethics, intellectual property, litigation, tax law, trade law
Fdsys is the new content management and delivery system for the Government Printing Office (GPO). It is intended to replace the well-known GPO Access site as a source of U.S. official publications.
The most recent issue of The Lawyers Weekly provides a snapshot of the quantitative output of the justices of the Supreme Court of Canada in 2009:
"Looking at the opinions the individual judges wrote last year (as distinct from judgments they simply signed on to without comment) Chief Justice McLachlin and Justice Charron were the most solid majoritarians in the sense that they did the least concurring and dissenting, both wrote a total of nine majority or unanimous opinions, and Justice Charron wrote more unanimous judgments than anyone else — five."
"Justice Charron and Justice Morris Fish spoke most often for the court on criminal law — although Justice Fish could also be dubbed 'The Great Dissenter' since he authored in addition nine dissents — more than twice as many as any of his colleagues."
"This 20th annual World Report summarizes human rights conditions in more than 90 countries and territories worldwide. It reflects extensive investigative work undertaken in 2009 by Human Rights Watch staff, usually in close partnership with human rights activists in the country in question."
"Every government is at times tempted to violate human rights, but the global human rights movement has made sure that abuse carries a price. Still, some governments cannot resist trying to minimize that price by attacking human rights defenders, organizations, and institutions. The aim is to silence the messenger, to deflect pressure, to lessen the cost of committing human rights violations."
"These efforts have yet to succeed, but the campaign is dangerous. Human Rights Watch calls on governmental supporters of human rights to help defend the defenders by identifying and countering these reactionary efforts. A strong defense of human rights depends on the vitality of the human rights movement now under assault. "
It is sponsored by the ETIG (Emerging Technology Interest Group) of the Canadian Library Association.
You can have a look at what happened at earlier Access conferences on the website of last year's event at the University of Prince Edward Island.
Members of the Canadian Association of Law Libraries (CALL) have until March 15, 2010 to apply for a research grant of up to $2,000 in 2010.
Funding may be granted for research assistance, online costs, compensating time off, purchase of software, travel, clerical assistance, etc. CALL members may apply jointly for the grant and previous applicants who were not awarded funding are welcome to reapply.
The International Federation of Library Associations and Institutions (IFLA) has up-to-date news about the situation of libraries in Haiti in the wake of the devastating earthquake that hit the country earlier this month:
"The Bibliothèque Nationale d'Haïti has sustained heavy damage from the earthquake, but has not collapsed. Historic preservation architects will eventually examine the state of the building, but of course only after the most essential structures (hospitals, sanitation, etc.) are first dealt with."
"The Library of St. Martial–which possess manuscripts from the 17th through 19th century–has also sustained heavy structural damage and will require rescue intervention. The Library of the University Quisqueya was also severely damaged by the earthquake."
Marian Dworaczek from the University of Saskatchewan has been compiling a list of library-related conferences for a number of years. Coverage is international. It is extensive.
It bills itself as "the most important conference in Canada on the impact of information technologies and their potential for law".
The conference program is now available online. Topics covered include cybercrime, e-discovery, IT in courtrooms, knowledge management, cloud computing, and more.
The UN Permanent Forum of Indigenous Peoples has just published a report on the State of the World’s Indigenous People:
"Most indicators of well-being show that indigenous peoples suffer disproportinately compared to non-indigenous peoples. Indigenous peoples face systemic discrimination and exclusion from political and economic power; they continue to be over-represented among the poorest, the illiterate, the destitute; they are displaced by wars and environmental disasters; indigenous peoples are dispossessed of their ancestral lands and deprived of their resources for survival, both physical and cultural; they are even robbed of their very right to life (...) "
"Although the state of the world's indigenous peoples is alarming, there is some cause for optimism. The international community increasingly recognizes indigenous peoples' human rights, most prominently evidenced by the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. Indigenous peoples themselves continue to organize for the promotion of their rights. They are the stewards of some of the world's most biologically diverse areas and their traditional knowledge about the biodibversity of these areas is invaluable. As the effects of climate change are becoming clearer, it is increaslingly evident that indigenous peoples must play a central role in developing adaptation and mitigation efforts to this global challenge."
The report is divided into chapters on poverty, culture, environment, education, health, human rights and emerging issues.
In the most recent issue of his Cites & Insights, Walt Crawford sums up and comments on the Tech Trends, Trends and Forecasts provided by a variety of library and non-library people.
Crawford's take on tech predictions is always fun because he is one of the few writers who evaluates how accurate past predictions have been and writes with a dry sense of humour:
"It’s as predictable as the Winter Solstice: the ongoing trickle of articles on trends turns into a flood around the turn of each year, coupled with a healthy rush of forecasts—and a much smaller freshet of ‘fessing up, as forecasters let us know how things worked out (...) "
"Let’s look at a few of the many trend statements for 2010. We’ll also look at the flipside of trendiness: Deathspotting—assertions that X or Y is (or is about to be) obsolete or defunct. I was originally planning to include some of the 'top 10 for 2009' stories, but enough is enough—and, especially at the end of a decade, there are too many of the things to even think about (...)
The list of new library titles added to the Supreme Court of Canada collection for the period of January 1 to 15, 2010 is now available on the Court website.
The web page explains: "The Supreme Court of Canada Library does not lend materials from this list, which is provided for information only."
But, once the material goes into the general collection, after about a month, the works do become available for inter-library loan to authorized libraries.
The January 22, 2010 issue of The Lawyers Weekly takes a look at judicial appointments under the federal Conservatives.
the Conservatives will have appointed one-third of the country’s federal judges by the time they celebrate their fourth anniversary in office this month
only 460 lawyers applied for the federal Bench across Canada in 2008-2009 compared to 552 lawyers the year before — a decline of 17 percent
more than half of the country’s 17 Judicial Advisory Committees that vet candidates were defunct because the government has yet to appoint new members
Canada's Privacy Commissioner Jennifer Stoddart wants to consult Canadian citizens about online consumer tracking:
"In the practice of online consumer tracking, data about the browsing habits of individuals is collected through digital markers such as cookies. Additional data may be gathered using other technologies, such as deep packet inspection and the global positioning systems (GPS) common in many mobile communications devices."
"Individuals themselves, moreover, volunteer significant amounts of personal information, especially through their participation in social networking sites (...)"
"Proponents say that online consumer tracking, profiling and targeting supports free Internet content, allows people to receive more relevant advertising and discount offers, and promotes the development of useful services ... "
"Critics, however, warn that people may be unaware that their personal information is being collected, and do not understand how it is used. They also argue that, even when the information is anonymous, it can sometimes be combined with other information to identify individuals."
Interested people can send written submissions until March 15, 2010. The Office of the Privacy Commissioner is also seeking to recruit people to participate in formal discussion panels in Toronto in April and Montreal in May.
Paula J. Hane, the editor of Newsbreaks from the info industry publisher Information Today, has written a two-part Review of the Year 2009 and Trends Watch:
Review of the Year 2009 and Trends Watch—Part 1 (Janaury 4, 2010): "Other trends I mentioned that have carried through the year include increased interest in the mobile web, enterprise social networking, open source solutions, book digitization, ebook readers, etc. In fact, the trends I said I'd be watching in 2009 have all proven to be important drivers during the year.
Review of the Year 2009 and Trends Watch—Part 2 (January 7, 2010): "... I cover the trends I'll be watching in 2010 that I expect to have an impact on libraries and the information industry. I also present a wrap-up with links to some of the most interesting coverage from other commentators and analysts.
The most recent issue of the Weekly Checklist of Government Publications features a very useful explanation of the Coming Into Force of Federal Legislation (dated May 15, 2009).
Every reference librarian knows how frequently our users have trouble figuring out when a particular Act or section of an Act comes into force, so this text by the Library of Parliament is very handy:
"Once a bill has been adopted by the Senate and the House of Commons, and has been given Royal Assent by the Governor General, it becomes an Act of Parliament and, as such, part of the Laws of Canada. An Act, however, is not binding unless it has commenced. There is a distinction between the enactment of an Act and its commencement. The former relates to the time it receives Royal Assent, and the latter to the time when it becomes binding and capable of producing legal effects."
"The Constitution of Canada is silent as to the commencement of an Act of Parliament. Pursuant to the common law rule, inherited from the United Kingdom, an Act is deemed to have commenced on the first day of the session in which it was enacted. That rule was, however, changed in the United Kingdom in 1793, and all Canadian jurisdictions now have statutory provisions prescribing rules applicable for the commencement of legislation. The purpose of this text is to provide an overview of these rules for the legislation enacted by the Parliament of Canada."
"Rules pertaining to the commencement of federal legislation originate from multiple sources. While the Canada Interpretation Act provides for default and general rules, an Act may itself provide for its own coming into force mechanism. Acts of Parliament may come into force on Royal Assent, on a day fixed by the Act itself, or by order of the Governor in Council. Before studying the rules pertaining to each mechanism, this paper will review provisions that authorize preliminary proceedings pursuant to an Act, but before its coming into force."
The Weekly Checklist includes a listing of book and serial titles which have been released during the previous week by the Parliament of Canada, federal departments, and Statistics Canada.
This is a follow-up to yesterday's post entitled Live Discussion on Top Tech Trends at American Library Association.
The Education Institute, a continuing education program created by Canadian library associations, is presenting an audio conference on January 26, 2010 on Ten Trends & Technologies for 2010.
The presenter is Michael Stephens, Assistant Professor in the Graduate School of Library and Information Science at Dominican University in Illinois. Professor Stephens also writes a popular blog on libraries and technology: Tame the Web.
The most recent issue of the Weekly Checklist of Government Publications features 2 documents on the reform of the Canada's federal Senate, something we all know will be on the top of the government's agenda once Parliament returns from its current prorogation:
Senate Reform in Canada: "What follows in intended as an overview of some of the constitutional aspects of this reform, a summary of the main attempts at reform over the years and a description of the two major legislative focuses of reform contemplated by the current government."
LITA (Library and Information Technology Association), a division of the American Library Association (ALA), is broadcasting a live discussion of the Top Tech Trends in the library world tomorrow from 10:30 AM to 12 noon EST.
According to the 2010 Threat Predictions Report by McAfee, cybercriminals are targeting social networking:
"Facebook, Twitter, and third-party applications on these sites are rapidly changing the criminal toolkit, giving cybercriminals new technologies to work with and hot spots of activity that can be exploited. Users will become more vulnerable to attacks that blindly distribute rogue apps across their networks, and cybercriminals will take advantage of friends trusting friends to get users to click on links they might otherwise treat cautiously. The use of abbreviated URLs on sites like Twitter make it even easier for cybercriminals to mask and direct users to malicious Web sites."
I have had the unfortunate experience of being a victim of a computer virus caught on Facebook. A little while ago, my home computer was infected by a nasty virus downloaded by clicking on a link (probably an ad or an app or even a link to another legitimate looking site suggested by a Facebook friend). I know it had to be from Facebook because that is the only place I logged onto the evening of the infection.
Here is the nasty part, according to Mr. Computer Techie: many new viruses mascarade as anti-virus programs.
The virus I caught surreptitiously downloaded a program ("Security Center") to my machine that immediately attacked and disabled my real anti-virus program (!!!), neutralized other applications like my web browser, and then claimed to have discovered more than 50 instances of viruses, malware, Trojan programs and other stuff affecting. It even looked a lot like my normal but now useless anti-virus software.
Of course, a message appeared on my screen asking me to "activate" the program to delete the rogue material, for a price: first register online, using a credit card!
Dominic Jaar reports on Slaw.ca on the coming into effect of new Ontario Rules of Civil Procedure that include many changes in the rules relating to electronic discovery:
"With the arrival of 2010, the new Rules of Civil Procedure came into effect in Ontario, as announced on the website of the Ministry of the Attorney General. Rules were substantially reformed in an effort to achieve Honourable Coulter A. Osborne’s goal to 'make the civil justice system more accessible and affordable.' The reforms include changes to Summary Judgment, Mediation, Third Party Claim, Discovery, and dozens of other rules. Of particular interest to Slaw readers, the changes related to discovery represent a positive step towards control over the time and expense associated with civil proceedings in this new era of e-discovery."
In 2007, the Honourable Coulter Osborne, a former Associate Chief Justice of Ontario, released a report that proposed recommendations to improve Ontario's civil justice system.
Review of Ontario Civil Justice System (July 19, 2006): "Former Associate Chief Justice of Ontario Coulter Osborne has been asked to study a range of issues, including the growing number of unrepresented litigants as well as ways to decrease delays and costs (...) This coincided with a policy forum [of the Canadian Forum on Civil Justice] called 'Into the Future' that examined topics such as how to deal with the proliferation of expert evidence, and the increasingly complex discovery and trial processes. "
Ontario Civil Justice Reform Project Report Published (November 27, 2007): "The summary report contains 81 recommendations touching on 18 areas of procedural and substantive law, including unrepresented litigants, small claims, trial management, appeals, technology, courtroom civility and proportionality."
Ontario Attorney General on Major Justice Reforms (April 30, 2008): "[Attorney General Chris] Bentley told The Laywyer's Weekly he is working on some of Osborne's recommendations, such as the suggestion to 'increase the Small Claims Court’s monetary jurisdiction from $10,000 to $15,000, with a further increase to $25,000 within two years...', and limiting discovery."
The Canadian Forum on Civil Justice at the University of Alberta has created what it calls an inventory of civil justice reforms in Canada. It contains descriptions of reform initiatives from across the country, each described according to a standard format that includes information on the purpose, development, implementation, and evaluation of the reform.
In yesterday's Montreal Gazette, an article about whether Canadian judges should be on the popular social networking site Facebook:
"Amid escalating debate in the U.S. about judicial antics online, the Canadian Judicial Council has turned its attention to whether there should be some ground rules for judges who want to join Facebook and other social networking sites (...)"
"While there are no known cases of Canadian judges on Facebook, participation in the U.S. has reached a level that prompted the Florida judicial ethics committee to issue an edict last month that judges and lawyers should not be Facebook 'friends,' to avoid appearance of conflict in the event they end up in the same courtroom (...)"
"There also has been a handful of publicized cases of judges landing in hot water for their behaviour online, most recently the resignation this month of Georgia judge Ernest Woods following revelations of his Facebook conversations with a woman who was a defendant in a case before his court, which included a promise to lend her money."
"In New York, a judge accused of being a Facebook addict was transferred in October to another jurisdiction. News reports, quoting courthouse insiders, said he was constantly updating his status and even snapped and posted a photo of his crowded courtroom in session."
The Canadian Judicial Council has not yet drafted rules for Canadian judges but is monitoring the situation south of the border.
The Council is made up of 39 members and is chaired by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada, the Right Honourable Beverley McLachlin.
Council membership consists of the chief justices, associate chief justices, and some senior judges from provincial and federal superior courts across the country.
The federal Parliament created the Council in 1971 to promote efficiency, uniformity, and accountability, and to improve the quality of judicial service in all superior courts of Canada.
In an interview in the most recent issue of The Lawyers Weekly , Canada's Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin reflected on her first ten years as the top judge of the country and discussed which issues she thought would be prominent in upcoming years:
"Asked to highlight one or two judgments she worked on which give her personal satisfaction as a jurist, she identifies the ground-breaking per curiam commercial law ruling in BCE Inc. v. 1976 Debentureholders, 2008 SCC 69, and R. v. Grant, 2009 SCC 32, the criminal law trilogy she and Justice Louise Charron laboured on for the best part of a year to reconfigure the analytical framework for the exclusion of evidence under the Charter."
The article emphasizes the efforts made undcer McLachlin to provide "judgments that offer, and promote, clarity, certainty and predictability in the law":
"According to court statistics, from 2000 to 2008, overall 74 percent of the McLachlin Court’s judgments were 'unanimous' in the result (but not necessarily without concurring opinions). This is about the same as the 72 percent unanimity rate for the Lamer Court from 1991 to 1999. "
"Notably, however, the Supreme Court’s concurring judgments (which the Bar generally detest for muddying the jurisprudential waters) dropped by nearly one-third during the past decade, according to previously unpublished court statistics obtained by The Lawyers Weekly. "
"Thus 19 percent of the Lamer Court’s unanimous judgments had one or more concurring opinions, as compared to 13 percent for the McLachlin Court—a 32-percent drop, the data reveal. "
The Library 2.0 Gang is a regular monthly round-table podcast hosted by Richard Wallis of the British library technology company Talis.
"The Gang for this month, Carl Grant, Marshall Breeding and Frances Haugen, convened as we enter the second decade of the 21st century, to review the game changing influences on our world over the last ten years and then attempt to predict what we will see in the next ten."
Grant is the President of Ex Libris North America. Breeding is the Director for Innovative Technologies and Research for the Jean and Alexander Heard Library at Vanderbilt University. Haugen is a graduate student at Harvard University and used to work on Google Books as a product manager.
The Law Library of Congress has started making content available on YouTube (Law and the Library) and iTunes. In iTunes, search for Library of Congress and then select the "Law and the Library" iTunesU series.
Law and the Library is a series of debates and discussions on a wide variety of contemporary legal issues.
YouTube as a Legal Information Tool (January 14, 2007): "The Parisian daily Le Monde reported last week that lawyers representing an individual being detained by U.S. authorities at the Guantanamo Bay prison camp have produced a video posted on YouTube."
More on YouTube as Legal Information Tool (March 30, 2007): "This Wednesday, Slate.com published an article entitled The YouTube Defense - Human rights go viral that analyzes the impact and potential of non-traditional means such as web 2.0 technologies as legal tools: (...) 'Critics pooh-pooh the importance of all of this by pointing to the fact that civil rights advocates have traditionally had a friend in the press. But they're missing the point: YouTube goes where the mainstream media can't or won't go. It's visceral. It's story first, message second. And it gives advocates instant access to an audience in a way that press releases and op-eds never ca' .The Slate article also describes an online video created by a former Marine who paid two friends $800 to waterboard him in his basement."
European Commission Launches Eutube (July 2, 2007): "The European Commission has just launched eutube, the YouTube space for news and announcements about European Union policies."
Fighting Crime With YouTube (February 26, 2008): "Last week, the British Broadcasting Corporation published a story about how police officials in the UK have been monitoring the video sharing site YouTube for evidence of crimes. The story, entitled Judge YouTube, describes a number of incidents where videos posted to the site have led to arrests. In many cases, perpetrators of illegal acts filmed themselves and then posted material to the Internet, perhaps as a way of showing off."
University Law Lectures on YouTube (March 31, 2008): "The YouTube video sharing portal has created a special section with videos from higher education establishments worldwide."
Official European Union Website Gets Makeover (September 22, 2009): "Europa – the European Union’s official website - has just had a makeover (...) the layout has been simplified and the site has been divided into 6 main themes: ... Take Part! (online debates, blogs, YouTube videos)"
UK Law Reports Get Their Own YouTube Channel (October 28, 2009): "Videos include interviews with the Law Report editors, a history of the ICLR, a video on the process of how a case goes from trial to official report, and a brief introduction to case law research using both online databases and hard copy reference works."
American librarian Bobbi L. Newman started the idea of blogging about A Day in the life of a Librarian and the idea then morphed into the Library Day in the Life project wiki.
The project asked librarians to share stories about what a "typical" workday encompasses. There are hundreds of contributions so far.
This week marked the fifteenth anniversary of the launch of THOMAS, the legislative information service of the American Congress.
a widget to save or share a permanent link via bookmarks, email, or social networking sites such as Twitter or Facebook
a new RSS feed for bills that have passed both the House and Senate and have been sent to the White House for the President's signature
THOMAS is maintained by the Library of Congress and can be used to track bills and activities on the floor of the two houses of the American Congress and in committees.
Yesterday, the American Dialect Society declared 'tweet' to be the word of the year for 2009. 'Google' was voted word of the decade:
" 'Both words are, in the end, products of the Information Age, where every person has the ability to satisfy curiosity and to broadcast to a select following, both via the Internet', Barrett said [Grant Barrett, chair of the New Words Committee of the American Dialect Society]. 'I really thought blog would take the honors in the word of the decade category, but more people google than blog, don’t they? Plus, many people think 'blog' just sounds ugly. Maybe Google’s trademark lawyers would have preferred it, anyway'."
"Word of the Year is interpreted in its broader sense as 'vocabulary item'—not just words but phrases. The words or phrases do not have to be brand-new, but they have to be newly prominent or notable in the past year, in the manner of Time magazine’s Person of the Year."
This is the 20th annual vote by the association dedicated to the study of the English language in North America. Its membership includes linguists, lexicographers, etymologists, grammarians, historians, researchers, writers, authors, editors, professors, university students, and independent scholars.
American Dialect Society Words of the Year 2005: Legal Expressions 'Patent Troll', 'Extraordinary Rendition' Make List (January 11, 2006): "The overall winner for 2005 is 'truthiness', popularized by a satirical fake news show on the Comedy Central television channel. It refers to the 'quality of preferring concepts or facts one wishes to be true' (...) One of the runner-ups [in the group 'most useful'] was 'patent troll', 'a person or business, especially a lawyer, who applies for or owns a patent with no intention of developing the product but with every intention of launching lawsuits against patent infringers.' A few other law-related terms scored highly in the 'most euphemistic' category (...): 'internal nutrition: force-feeding a prisoner against his or her will' and 'extraordinary rendition: the surrendering of a suspect or detainee to another jurisdiction, especially overseas' ..."
'Plutoed' Voted Word of the Year by American Dialect Society (January 7, 2007): "'To pluto is to demote or devalue someone or something, as happened to the former planet Pluto when the General Assembly of the International Astronomical Union decided Pluto no longer met its definition of a planet' (...) There were a number of law-related terms considered for this 2006 edition, including 'data Valdez', an accidental release of a large quantity of private or privileged information. Named after the 1989 oil spill by the Exxon Valdez in Prince William Sound, Alaska; and 'waterboarding' (winner in the most euphemistic category): an interrogation technique in which the subject is immobilized and doused with water to simulate drowning; reported to be used by U.S. interrogators against terrorism detainees. "
'Subprime' Voted American Dialect Society Word of the Year (January 5, 2008): "Yesterday, the American Dialect Society voted to choose 'subprime' as its word of the year for 2007. The word describes a risky or less than ideal loan, mortgage, or investment."
The Law Reform Commission of Nova Scotia recently released its report on Contaminated Sites in Nova Scotia:
"Fears of uncertain liability discourage landowners and developers from cleaning up contaminated sites. The lack of contaminated site clean-up means a risk of significant adverse consequences to human health and quality of life, as well as to environmental well-being. This also has economic costs, as potentially useful land lies underused or not used at all. In January 2008, the Attorney General of Nova Scotia requested that the Law Reform Commission examine a number of issues pertaining to contaminated sites in Nova Scotia."
The report presents numerous recommendations relating to who should and should not bear regulatory liability for contaminated sites, how to determine the relative liability of responsible parties, and how to report on and maintain proper records of contamination and remedial actions taken.
Applications are being accepted for the Eunice Beeson Memorial Bursary to assist with travel expenses and allow more members to attend the May 2010 Canadian Association of Law Libraries (CALL) Conference in Windsor, Ontario.
The deadline is March 31, 2010. All CALL members can apply. The Bursary is to help defray travel and accommodation costs.
The list of new library titles added to the Supreme Court of Canada collection for the period of December 16th to 31st, 2009 is now available on the Court website.
Trends for 2010: Information Sharing (UK information industry newsletter FUMSI, December 2009): "There is no doubt that the shockwaves following the financial collapse of some of the best known banks and financial institutions made 2009 a difficult year for nearly every enterprise on the planet. Indeed, there are few people who have a living memory of a worst recession. This has been a particular concern for the information sector, where cutting back on research, knowledge management and library skills look like easy 'soft' targets for efficiency.And so, with that in mind, instead of dwelling on the year just gone, I thought I'd have a gaze into my crystal ball and optimistically see what I think 2010 will hold for those of us who publish and 'share' information for a living."
Looking Forward: Legal Technology in 2010 (Kennedy-Mighell Report podcast, January 5, 2010): "In part two of this two-part series on legal technology trends, co-hosts Dennis Kennedy and Tom Mighell peer into the crystal ball to find the key trends and storylines to expect in legal technology in 2010. Will the economy keep a lid on significant developments? What role will Internet and mobile technologies play? What should lawyers, law firms and other legal organizations be putting into their strategic technology plans? In addition, Dennis and Tom make predictions about technology in general and legal technology in particular. "
Get Ready for the "Next Evolution" in Very Expensive Legal Research Services (Law Librarian Blog, January 5, 2010): "Greg Lambert offers his 10 projections for 2010 on 3 Geeks and a Law Blog including rumored ones that have become a swirling maelstrom lately, namely, Westlaw and Lexis launching revamped legal research interfaces. "
She was first appointed to the Supreme Court of Canada on March 30, 1989. After serving 11 years as a puisne judge, she became the first woman ever to hold the office of Chief Justice.
McLachlin Court turns ten (The Lawyers Weekly, Dec. 25, 2009 issue): "Retired Supreme Court Justice Jack Major, who left the court in 2005, suggests that her successful efforts to reach out to the public might be the defining accomplishment of her first decade as chief justice. 'I think that she has presented the best public face of the Supreme Court to the public of any of the chief justices of my time,' he says. 'And I would say of all time, because the court’s judges were more and more isolated the further you go back in the court’s history. She is very conscious of going to law schools, Bar conventions, and actively participating and being available to groups and to people. That’s been a very big plus.' The Supreme Court’s public relations have dramatically improved since its first female chief justice took over the reins with an avowed goal of making the court accessible to all Canadians."
Ten years as top judge and she's still losing sleep (Globe and Mail, January 7, 2010): "In just three more years, Chief Justice McLachlin will have served longer than all 15 previous chief justices in the 135-year history of the Supreme Court. And, with nine years left before her mandatory retirement date, she could set a record that will be extremely difficult to equal. 'Whatever happens, happens,' she said. 'It has been a great privilege, one I could never have imagined in my wildest imaginings when I started out in law.' Equally unimaginable, four of the nine seats on the court are occupied by women – a development that has given the Supreme Court a unique status on the world stage. "
Charter issues fine tuned: McLachlin (National Post, January 7, 2010): "Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin, who took over a court 10 years ago that was under siege from the political right, says the critics who accused the bench of overstepping its power seem to have gone away because their anxiety over the Charter of Rights has subsided. Justice McLachlin, who today marks one decade leading the Supreme Court of Canada, told Canwest News Service she expects the most pressing legal issues facing the court in the coming years will be where to draw the line on anti-terrorism initiatives and how to deal with the nation's growing diversity as minorities challenge 'established social order'."
According to the report, a large proportion of all victimization incidents are experienced by a relatively small number of victims who experienced multiple incidents.
In 2004, persons who reported having been the victim of more than one violent crime during the past year represented 2% of the population, but had experienced 60% of all violent crimes.
Among those Canadians who reported having been victims of a crime in the 12 months preceding the survey, 38% said they had been victimized more than once. Of those, half were victimized twice while the other half were victimized three or more times.
In 2004, young people, Aboriginals, single people, those involved in a large number of evening activities and who consumed alcohol more often were proportionally more likely to have reported being a victim of more than one violent crime.
People who rented their home, lived in urban areas and resided in neighbourhoods with a higher proportion of single-parent families were more likely to be victims of a property crime more than once.
Blogosaurus Lex, the blog from the Legal Resource Centre of Alberta, had a post in December on Law and the Olympics.
the Olympic Protester’s Legal Guide (not that I'm advocating anything for or against the upcoming Vancouver winter sportapalooza)
International Sports Law Guide (February 17, 2006): "Written by a librarian at Georgetown University, this new International Sports Law guide published on the GlobaLex website looks at key institutions governing international sports and provides information and links to federations governing individual sports at an international level, bodies associated with the Olympic Games and the Court of Arbitration for Sport."
Update on Olympic Games Trade-marks Bill (June 5, 2007): "The bill gives the Vancouver Organizing Committee of the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Games (the Organizing Committee) considerable powers to prevent the use of Olympic marks by businesses or individuals seeking to profit from an unauthorized association with the 2010 Games."
New Internet Research Guide for Olympic Studies (April 2, 2008): "Intute, a British university consortium that offers free online service access to evaluated web resources for education and research, has just published a new subject booklet entitled 'Internet resources for Olympic studies'. The booklet describes resources relating to associations, the history of the Olympic Games, past and future Games, athletes, sports research, event management, and legal issues (arbitration of sports disputes, disability sports, gender equity and doping)."
Australian Parliamentary Library Research Paper on Olympic Games (June 4, 2008): "Among the political and social issues that are addressed are: amateurism, commercialism, doping, gender, race and political conflict."
The LinkedIn social networking tool has a LinkedIn Events application that lets you see what conferences and events members of your personal network of contacts are attending.
LinkedIn Events also makes it possible for you to search for conferences by city and keyword, promote a conference across your LinkedIn network, and invite others to attend.
When you log into your LinkedIn account, the application for LinkedIn Events can be added by going to the More menu in the horizontal navigation at the top of the home page.
A group of Canadian authors has launched an online petition to protest the proposed settlement intended to put an end to a class action copyright lawsuit by U.S.-based author and publisher groups over Google's plans to make and sell digital copies of millions of books.
In November 2009, the settlement was amended so that it would now apply only to books registered with the U.S. Copyright office or published in the U.K., Australia, or Canada.
The Book Rights Registry board, the entity that will be responsible for paying authors and publishers from revenues earned by the digitization project, would also be required to search for copyright holders who have not yet come forward and to hold revenue on their behalf. Much of the controversy about the original deal focused on what many critics see as Google's monopoly on so-called “orphan works” — out-of-print books that are still protected by copyright but whose writers' whereabouts are unknown.
The Canadian authors supporting the petition believe the amendments do go far enough and that the basic idea behind the settlement is flawed:
"New Zealand, Ireland, South Africa and India – all countries with English-language presses similar to Canada’s — have been exempted from the settlement because they protested vigorously against it.. We wish to protest just as loudly. The Governments of France and Germany protested that illegal digitization of books amounted to theft of a cultural heritage. We agree, and believe that Canada’s heritage of Cultural nationalism should be applied to the Google settlement. All of continental Europe is now exempt, and so should Canada be."
"We believe that Canadian Copyrights should be subject to Canadian courts, as well as to the Berne Convention. We believe that Canadians should not lose control over their works because they fail to sign up in a registry in another country; and, further, that the opt-out (rather than the time-honoured opt-in) clause serves to co-opt many copyright holders who do not have the the time or inclination to study this complicated settlement."
American Library Associations Publish Summary of Google Books Litigation Court Filings (October 6, 2009)
"Each year we've attempted to gather a group of librarians whose writing helps increase our understanding of the profession and it's place in our rapidly changing world. Again this year we tried to choose 10 writers who cover very different aspects of our profession, 10 sites that inform, educate and maybe amuse. By following these blogs I think you'll find something new to read, and a place to gain better understanding of a part of librarianship that's outside of your normal area."
We don't like to admit it, but we all have a favourite search engine we use all the time, despite the fact that numerous studies show that the results from different search engines can be vastly different.
The article examines search tools that display results from different search engines side-by-side. It can be quite an eye opener to realize that not all search engines are the same. A good reminder to try more than one.
Dogpile Metasearch Displays Results Overlap (March 16, 2005): "By comparing results side-by-side, it quickly becomes apparent that each search engine has its own unique view of the web. If you rely on a single source for search results, you're often missing a significant chunk of the web..."
Search Engine Overlap Even Smaller Than Assumed (August 9, 2005): "The implications of these findings are significant for both searchers and marketers. Searchers relying on a single search engine are missing a vast swath of web content that they could easily find simply by trying their queries on other engines... Effectively, for more than two-thirds of all queries, each search engine is likely to give you completely different results."
Search Engine Overlap Growing Smaller (June 4, 2007): "A new study has just come out to remind people why it is important not to put all their search eggs in one basket and use more than one Internet search engine."
There are also blog categories for best practitioner, legal culture, non-legal audience, friends of the North (Americans who pay attention to Canadian issues), EuroCan connection (Europeans who highlight Canadian blogs), practice management, law librarian, legal technology, best new blog, and law professor.
Neither the content nor the views contained in this blog represent the positions of my employer or of any association to which I belong. Any links to a news article, an academic study or another blog post should not be considered to indicate any form of endorsement on my part or on that of my institution. This is a purely personal blog for the purposes of sharing information about library issues and legal research.
Pairs receive their section awards or their overall award, whichever is greater, but not both. For example, a pair whose section award was 0.50 and whose overall award was 0.65 would be credited with 0.65 masterpoints. Conversely, a pair with a section award of 0.90 and an overall award of only 0.75 would be credited with the 0.90 masterpoints. If an award is displayed with a “strikethrough” (for example, 1.44) it has been replaced by a later award. Only awards without a strikethrough will be added to your permanent record.
Masterpoint awards for each "Side Series" are finalized when the series concludes. Your total award for the Series, if you earned a Series overall award, may be different from the sum of the individual session awards listed here.
Basic fundamentals of the bags which you could make money from beginning today. jordan kicks http://www.icscancer.com/boys-retro-5-jordans/jordan-kicks-12cq.html
Hello I am so excited I found your blog page, I really found you by mistake, while I was researching on Aol for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say thanks a lot for a fantastic post and a all round enjoyable blog (I also love the theme/design), I don't have time to read it all at the moment but I have book-marked it and also added your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read a lot more, Please do keep up the excellent job.
Hi, Neat post. There is a problem together with your website in web explorer, may check this? IE nonetheless is the marketplace leader and a good portion of other folks will leave out your magnificent writing due to this problem.
whoah this weblog is magnificent i love studying your posts. Stay up the great work! You already know, a lot of people are hunting around for this info, you can aid them greatly. |
I was very pleased to discover this web-site.I wanted to thanks for your time for this amazing read!! I certainly enjoying each and every little bit of it and I have you bookmarked to check out new stuff you blog post. <a href="http://www.cheapjordanshoesx.com/" >cheap jordans</a>
all the time i used to read smaller posts which as well clear their motive, and that is also happening with this article which I am reading at this place.
You produced some decent points there. I looked on the internet for the concern and discovered most individuals will go along with along with your web site. [url=http://www.cheapjordanshoesx.com/]cheap shoes[/url]
Different questions on oks have been answered and therefore why you should definitely look at each phrase within this post. ugg kensington http://www.historiadelamagia.com/uggs-locations/ugg-kensington-45bo.html
If you are among those who recently bought an iPhone, perhaps you are perplexed by all of its options. Never fear! Your iPhone is a multi-functional device that is designed to make your life easier, not more difficult. Read the information in this article to learn the ways to fully use your new phone. <a href="http://www.aeffetraining.it/team/" >Borse Louis Vuitton</a>
Hi there! Quick question that's totally off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My website looks weird when browsing from my apple iphone. I'm trying to find a template or plugin that might be able to fix this issue. If you have any recommendations, please share. Many thanks! coach briefcase https://centreice.co.nz/images/coach/qh0$coach-briefcase-_-5$=$$.asp
Also online for sale is Christopher Palu's winning look from the Lord Taylor challenge as well as the store's exclusive collection of nine dresses from former "Project Runway" designers. The cocktail dresses and gowns all retail for between $275 and $328 and were created by Mondo Guerra, Jay McCarroll, Nick Verreos, Uli Herzner, Chris March, Korto Momolu, Gordana Gelhausen, Seth Aaron Henderson, and Bert Keeter. <a href="http://etherengineers.com/?p=478" >scarpe hogan 478</a>
Hmm is anyone else experiencing problems with the images on this blog loading? I'm trying to determine if its a problem on my end or if it's the blog. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. miu miu bags nz http://annagreve.com/marcos/miu-miu-002/0$$$$miu-miu-bags-nz-+.-01~@=w.asp
Wonderful blog! I found it while searching on Yahoo News. Do you have any tips on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I've been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thank you <a href="http://www.d20bio.com/compta/AF/85$$@v20140801231708-$_$.-v.php" >homme abercrombie</a>
not that much of a online reader to be honest but your blogs really nice, keep it up! I'll go ahead and bookmark your website to come back later on. Many thanks air max daim rouge http://www.d20bio.com/compta/max-pas-cher/--66$~720140802235149-.z$~7dg.php
I know this if off topic but I'm looking into starting my own blog and was wondering what all is needed to get set up? I'm assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I'm not very internet smart so I'm not 100% certain. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Many thanks <a href="http://www.granaris.co.uk/common/max-pas-cher/--78$-520140802204714-~t$=6aa.php" >air max skyline 2011</a>
It's a pity you don't have a donate button! I'd most certainly donate to this outstanding blog! I suppose for now i'll settle for book-marking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to fresh updates and will talk about this website with my Facebook group. Talk soon! chanel bronzer http://www.camrest.com/images/chanel/91md$-$20140803001434-.--0$+$_.php
Thanks for ones marvelous posting! I truly enjoyed reading it, you will be a great author.I will remember to bookmark your blog and will often come back in the future. I want to encourage you to ultimately continue your great job, have a nice afternoon! lancel 1er flirt http://www.uteco-eg.com/images/sac-lancel/3dv$$20140802041115-._-1.php
I was wondering if you ever considered changing the layout of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or two pictures. Maybe you could space it out better? gucci pour homme ii http://www.d20bio.com/compta/gucci/-_-7$-$+&20140802050913-$_6gd.php
Do you have a spam problem on this site; I also am a blogger, and I was wanting to know your situation; we have created some nice procedures and we are looking to exchange methods with other folks, why not shoot me an email if interested. tiffany and co sales http://ineedcoffee.co.nz/images/tiffany/-$-96@3$07tiffany-and-co-sales-@_-99lx.asp
Hey there! Do you know if they make any plugins to assist with SEO? I'm trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I'm not seeing very good results. If you know of any please share. Thanks! shop ysl online http://roccoandrougebeautytherapy.co.nz/images/ysl/5$=1shop-ysl-online--=+5@.asp
Howdy great website! Does running a blog similar to this take a great deal of work? I've virtually no knowledge of computer programming but I had been hoping to start my own blog in the near future. Anyways, if you have any recommendations or techniques for new blog owners please share. I understand this is off subject but I just needed to ask. Cheers! hermes voyage prix http://goaworld.hu/menu/hermes-sac/.-5920140727100830-&.-08zp.php
Heya outstanding website! Does running a blog like this take a large amount of work? I have no knowledge of programming but I had been hoping to start my own blog in the near future. Anyways, if you have any ideas or techniques for new blog owners please share. I understand this is off topic but I just needed to ask. Thanks! air max 95 knicks http://www.camrest.com/images/max-pas-cher/=-14$+520140802225238-.n$+6uy.php
We absolutely love your blog and find most of your post's to be exactly I'm looking for. Do you offer guest writers to write content available for you? I wouldn't mind composing a post or elaborating on most of the subjects you write related to here. Again, awesome web log! soldes nike free http://www.camrest.com/images/nike-free/zg$$$@20140802224155-@.-43xx.php
Hey there, I think your site might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your blog site in Chrome, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, very good blog! www.air max pas cher http://www.uteco-eg.com/images/max-pas-cher/@-48$+420140803030558--c$&0yn.php
I know this if off topic but I'm looking into starting my own blog and was wondering what all is required to get setup? I'm assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I'm not very web smart so I'm not 100% positive. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you ray ban rb3025 58 http://www.queenstownhilton.com/media/ray-ban/3qhcz98ray-ban-rb3025-58-_+-84gq.asp
Amazing blog! Do you have any suggestions for aspiring writers? I'm planning to start my own website soon but I'm a little lost on everything. Would you propose starting with a free platform like Wordpress or go for a paid option? There are so many choices out there that I'm completely overwhelmed .. Any tips? Appreciate it! gucci python clutch http://wordpress.mhwebb.se/wp-includes/gucci/&-46$$xmgucci-python-clutch-&+-~15wc.php
Greetings! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this site? I'm getting tired of Wordpress because I've had issues with hackers and I'm looking at alternatives for another platform. I would be fantastic if you could point me in the direction of a good platform. <a href="http://touchdowntv.com/images/asics/-&_-31asics-trabuco42@$+gk.asp" >asics trabuco</a>
Hey! Someone in my Myspace group shared this site with us so I came to look it over. I'm definitely enjoying the information. I'm bookmarking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Wonderful blog and wonderful style and design. tiffany necklace 925 http://apollopress.co.nz/images/tiffany/49ytiffany-necklace-925-$$-l$$g.asp
Nice blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A theme like yours with a few simple tweeks would really make my blog stand out. Please let me know where you got your theme. With thanks <a href="http://reco-palett.hu/banners/asics/~~-70asics-products-._-59oi.php" >asics products</a>
Thanks for your marvelous posting! I seriously enjoyed reading it, you could be a great author.I will be sure to bookmark your blog and may come back very soon. I want to encourage you to definitely continue your great job, have a nice morning! <a href="http://www.camrest.com/images/max-pas-cher/~-04$~920140802211149-=h$-2dm.php" >nike air max basket</a>
Hey! This post couldn't be written any better! Reading through this post reminds me of my previous room mate! He always kept talking about this. I will forward this article to him. Fairly certain he will have a good read. Thanks for sharing! chanel jade http://www.uteco-eg.com/images/chanel/52vo$&$20140803000205-$.-5$@$~.php
Hello there! Quick question that's totally off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My site looks weird when browsing from my iphone 4. I'm trying to find a theme or plugin that might be able to correct this issue. If you have any suggestions, please share. With thanks! faubourg 24 hermes http://www.camrest.com/images/hermes-sac/@-57m$@$.20140802064837-&$+$=z.php
Howdy! Do you use Twitter? I'd like to follow you if that would be ok. I'm undoubtedly enjoying your blog and look forward to new posts. montre gucci femme http://www.granaris.co.uk/common/gucci/$-1$&78_20140802213838-&yj$$1ip.php
Have you ever considered about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is valuable and everything. But think of if you added some great photos or video clips to give your posts more, "pop"! Your content is excellent but with images and clips, this blog could definitely be one of the best in its field. Excellent blog! <a href="http://www.pop-displays.com/Images/max-pas-cher/2$.$$~d20140802063731-+--04y=$qs.php" >air max vintage blue</a>
Have you ever considered writing an e-book or guest authoring on other websites? I have a blog based on the same subjects you discuss and would love to have you share some stories/information. I know my subscribers would enjoy your work. If you're even remotely interested, feel free to send me an e-mail. lancel sac seau http://www.uteco-eg.com/images/sac-lancel/1ww$_20140802050744-++-3.php
"Ile-de-france regional tourism officials, fastest growing number of Chinese tourists all around the world, Chinese tourists consume 170 euros on average per person per day in Paris, become well-known luxury brand consumers Authentic MCM bags http://www.proresponse.com/images/MCM/
I absolutely love your blog and find most of your post's to be just what I'm looking for. Does one offer guest writers to write content for you? I wouldn't mind writing a post or elaborating on most of the subjects you write in relation to here. Again, awesome blog! ugg site http://www.granaris.co.uk/common/ugg-pas-cher/&-147$$20140802213750-_$@jk.php
I am really enjoying the theme/design of your blog. Do you ever run into any web browser compatibility problems? A few of my blog visitors have complained about my website not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Safari. Do you have any suggestions to help fix this issue? air max pa chere http://www.d20bio.com/compta/max-pas-cher/&-30$=220140803021516-+f$=8lt.php
No matter how resourceful you are, you can't fight fate. <a href="http://rfelstead.co.uk/italys.asp" >gucci bags cheap</a>
Good day! Do you use Twitter? I'd like to follow you if that would be okay. I'm absolutely enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates. fitflop hyker http://arc-en-ciel.fqcq.qc.ca/bannieres/fitflop/~$-55fitflop-hyker-ji.asp
Cool blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A design like yours with a few simple adjustements would really make my blog jump out. Please let me know where you got your theme. Kudos <a href="http://www.gestioncap.cl/images/ray-ban/0vpvw03mirrored-ray-bans-._-89mj.asp" >mirrored ray bans</a>
Do you have a spam issue on this blog; I also am a blogger, and I was wondering your situation; many of us have created some nice methods and we are looking to trade techniques with other folks, please shoot me an e-mail if interested. asics tiger sale http://energia.zamakmercator.pl/img/asics/~&-78asics-tiger-sale-$&-79du.php
oddly unnoticed by - a wide selection of travellers since Seoul navy such as a tourist charm, Gangnamro definitely epitomizes modern, hey there tech state Korea becomes in past times 60 a few years, <a href="http://www.b-pack.com/blog/NL/Burberry-Latest-Bags-01884.vhtml" >Burberry Latest Bags</a> [url=http://www.b-pack.com/blog/NL/Burberry-Latest-Bags-01884.vhtml]Burberry Latest Bags[/url]
Before that the state administration of cultural heritage and China's people to Christie's in Paris to take two heads, but is considering the special contract on trust auction at Christie's aspects, from take two items will be seen as default, auction is not removed <a href="http://www.proresponse.com/images/MCM/" >Authentic MCM bags</a>
the most important silver precious metal the human race will need to increase his or her golf game in fact, nevertheless there is a gold the human race of course insanely, <a href="http://citycamptunisia.org/BUJ/Ugg-Loafers-Uk-09544.shtml" >Ugg Loafers Uk</a> [url=http://citycamptunisia.org/BUJ/Ugg-Loafers-Uk-09544.shtml]Ugg Loafers Uk[/url]
It's a pity you don't have a donate button! I'd without a doubt donate to this superb blog! I guess for now i'll settle for book-marking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to brand new updates and will talk about this blog with my Facebook group. Talk soon! air max blanc verte http://www.camrest.com/images/max-pas-cher/_-43$=820140802230740-$y$_3tg.php
Wow that was strange. I just wrote an really long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn't appear. Grrrr... well I'm not writing all that over again. Anyway, just wanted to say excellent blog! masque moto oakley http://www.pop-displays.com/Images/oakley-sunglasses/&~-64i@$$.20140802030434-_$_$~$j.php
Hola! I've been reading your site for a while now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from Atascocita Texas! Just wanted to tell you keep up the good job! abercrombie baby http://www.camrest.com/images/AF/39$$&v20140802021024-$&$.-w.php
Hey! Do you know if they make any plugins to protect against hackers? I'm kinda paranoid about losing everything I've worked hard on. Any suggestions? nike noir running http://www.camrest.com/images/nike-free/wo$$@+20140802215355-=--49gc.php
Here is a designer handbag hotties that is sure to summit our window shopping focus, <a href="http://giosdowntown.com/EE/304775-043-Size-45.bhtml" >304775 043 Size 45</a>
Thanks on your marvelous posting! I quite enjoyed reading it, you happen to be a great author.I will make certain to bookmark your blog and definitely will come back in the foreseeable future. I want to encourage you continue your great writing, have a nice weekend! running in air max http://www.pop-displays.com/Images/max-pas-cher/=-79$$720140802221922-+b$~6qr.php
Hello there! Would you mind if I share your blog with my myspace group? There's a lot of people that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Thank you chaussure run nike http://www.camrest.com/images/nike-free/$_$2$_20140802025612-$$-3@.$5yw.php
Have you ever considered publishing an ebook or guest authoring on other blogs? I have a blog based on the same subjects you discuss and would really like to have you share some stories/information. I know my subscribers would value your work. If you are even remotely interested, feel free to send me an e-mail. lunettes vue oakley http://www.uteco-eg.com/images/oakley-sunglasses/-=-71b+$$@20140802051720-$$$$~$d.php
When I originally commented I clicked the "Notify me when new comments are added" checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get three e-mails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove me from that service? Many thanks! ysl elle 30ml http://syntechnz.com/images/ysl/9$.8ysl-elle-30ml-~.+4@.asp
Hello! I know this is somewhat off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could get a captcha plugin for my comment form? I'm using the same blog platform as yours and I'm having problems finding one? Thanks a lot! burberry caps http://mac-leasing.se/system/burberry/.@-88dburberry-caps--+-39ck.php
Hi! I could have sworn I've been to this website before but after browsing through some of the post I realized it's new to me. Anyhow, I'm definitely happy I found it and I'll be book-marking and checking back often! sac longchamps promo http://www.granaris.co.uk/common/sac-longchamp/6$&&~-520140802045419-2$_$+-47ek.php
I'm curious to find out what blog platform you're using? I'm having some minor security problems with my latest website and I'd like to find something more risk-free. Do you have any recommendations? <a href="http://www.uteco-eg.com/images/christian-loubourin/76f1$-20140802055236-++$~-y.php" >louboutin cheap</a>
My partner and I stumbled over here from a different page and thought I might as well check things out. I like what I see so now i am following you. Look forward to exploring your web page again. mens ray ban http://datlanh.com.vn/images/rayban-pas-cher/@=-6le$$20140726204743-&4wk.php
Today, while I was at work, my cousin stole my apple ipad and tested to see if it can survive a twenty five foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My iPad is now broken and she has 83 views. I know this is entirely off topic but I had to share it with someone! ray ban on sale http://nicphillipson.com/menu/ray-ban/0rhtn59ray-ban-on-sale--+-63xd.asp
Hello just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your content seem to be running off the screen in Internet explorer. I'm not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I figured I'd post to let you know. The layout look great though! Hope you get the problem solved soon. Many thanks <a href="http://kungfu-noodles.fr/images/banners/ugg-pas-cher/81$$_+020140729053326-+$-89qr.php" >ugg soldes en ligne</a>
Wow that was odd. I just wrote an incredibly long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn't show up. Grrrr... well I'm not writing all that over again. Anyways, just wanted to say wonderful blog! gucci loafers price http://omszkwakecentrum.hu/tuz/gucci/=-64$$svgucci-loafers-price-@@-&36bs.php
Hmm it looks like your website ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I'll just sum it up what I had written and say, I'm thoroughly enjoying your blog. I as well am an aspiring blog blogger but I'm still new to the whole thing. Do you have any suggestions for beginner blog writers? I'd definitely appreciate it. <a href="http://tuz.kz/images/news/hermes-sac/@~-rd$.00r20140728225346-&+-62wk.php" >accessoire hermes</a>
Have you ever thought about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is fundamental and all. Nevertheless think about if you added some great images or videos to give your posts more, "pop"! Your content is excellent but with pics and videos, this site could undeniably be one of the greatest in its niche. Fantastic blog! <a href="http://annagreve.com/marcos/gucci/3$$$4buy-gucci-jeans-+=e$b.asp" >buy gucci jeans</a>
Cool blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A theme like yours with a few simple adjustements would really make my blog jump out. Please let me know where you got your design. Appreciate it sac a longchamp http://manualessay.maxdiplom.ru/wp-includes/sac-longchamp/-37zs@-~20140726224009--=-95px.php
Hi superb blog! Does running a blog similar to this take a lot of work? I've virtually no knowledge of computer programming but I was hoping to start my own blog soon. Anyways, should you have any ideas or techniques for new blog owners please share. I understand this is off topic however I just wanted to ask. Thanks! lunette oakley solde http://mindsprings.com/images/banners/oakley-sunglasses/.+-44.@$20140729012053-~&-00ch.php
Today, I went to the beach with my children. I found a sea shell and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said "You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear." She placed the shell to her ear and screamed. There was a hermit crab inside and it pinched her ear. She never wants to go back! LoL I know this is totally off topic but I had to tell someone! <a href="http://hallergardens.hu/img/ray-ban/4a.@-ray-ban-rb2156-_=-64et.php" >ray ban rb2156</a>
It's a pity you don't have a donate button! I'd definitely donate to this excellent blog! I guess for now i'll settle for book-marking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to brand new updates and will talk about this site with my Facebook group. Talk soon! nikerunning.nike.com http://www.granaris.co.uk/common/nike-free/bx$$+&20140803004049-=&-33ii.php
With havin so much content do you ever run into any issues of plagorism or copyright violation? My website has a lot of unique content I've either created myself or outsourced but it looks like a lot of it is popping it up all over the internet without my permission. Do you know any ways to help stop content from being ripped off? I'd definitely appreciate it. air max bw 1990 http://www.uteco-eg.com/images/max-pas-cher/&-79$&120140802233837-+n$=3iz.php
Hey! Someone in my Facebook group shared this website with us so I came to give it a look. I'm definitely enjoying the information. I'm bookmarking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Exceptional blog and fantastic design. cristia louboutin http://tuz.kz/images/news/christian-loubourin/36g16$_20140728225216--~-20yk.php
recognize, for example, Kering's acquisition last year of a majority share with the willing to wear logo captain christopher Kane such as minority frederick in Altuzarra, Both quotes that somebody made aware of the pay out appraised "in seven character types" (which will, inside of sister terminology, could be surprisingly tiny); and. <a href="http://www.vipredbottomshoescity.com" >red bottom shoes</a>
having said that i stubled onto that our shops were repeatedly better quality as products was possibly not worth the fortune these folks were marked at, <a href="http://sixbellspub.co.uk/CBB/Chanel-Belt-Bag-010413.uhtml" >Chanel Belt Bag</a>
Good day! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a team of volunteers and starting a new initiative in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us useful information to work on. You have done a outstanding job! collection lancel http://timediplom.com/banner/sac-lancel/+~-47n20140726180501-_@-64hi.php
Sweet blog! I found it while surfing around on Yahoo News. Do you have any tips on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I've been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Many thanks tiffany lights uk http://www.mariamorgis.com/userfiles/Image/tiffany/=-58byd.tiffany-lights-uk-.+-21if.php
Hello there! Do you know if they make any plugins to protect against hackers? I'm kinda paranoid about losing everything I've worked hard on. Any tips? air max 90 kings http://www.granaris.co.uk/common/max-pas-cher/@-46$+420140802233448-=t$+9io.php
I was wondering if you ever thought of changing the page layout of your site? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or two images. Maybe you could space it out better? <a href="http://footballchik.ru/images/banners/hermes-sac/+$-pj$+46u20140728215045-=&-85zu.php" >ceintures hermes</a>
Wonderful blog! I found it while browsing on Yahoo News. Do you have any suggestions on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I've been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thanks oakley correction http://smokymountainportraits.com/images/stories/oakley-sunglasses/.$-96@.$20140729003512-@=-07ub.php
With havin so much written content do you ever run into any problems of plagorism or copyright violation? My site has a lot of exclusive content I've either written myself or outsourced but it seems a lot of it is popping it up all over the web without my authorization. Do you know any methods to help protect against content from being ripped off? I'd genuinely appreciate it. air max jordan heels http://www.uteco-eg.com/images/max-pas-cher/@-53$@420140803011352-$l$_9yf.php
Hey! Do you use Twitter? I'd like to follow you if that would be okay. I'm absolutely enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates. air max 90 femmes http://www.uteco-eg.com/images/max-pas-cher/@-48$@120140803025825--n$_5ml.php
The other day, while I was at work, my cousin stole my iPad and tested to see if it can survive a 30 foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My apple ipad is now broken and she has 83 views. I know this is totally off topic but I had to share it with someone! air max 180 pas cher http://kungfu-noodles.fr/images/banners/max-pas-cher/-18$$_ns20140729110104-=$-34lf.php
Nice blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A theme like yours with a few simple adjustements would really make my blog stand out. Please let me know where you got your theme. Many thanks borsa miu miu italia http://avvitoservice.com/img/miu-miu-002/5$$$-borsa-miu-miu-italia--@-16$&&n.asp
Hello! I could have sworn I've been to this website before but after checking through some of the post I realized it's new to me. Anyhow, I'm definitely happy I found it and I'll be bookmarking and checking back often! <a href="http://asjatekvilag.hu/content/sac-longchamp/-64dg.~@20140726213526-$--68dl.php" >vente sac longchamps</a>
Wow that was odd. I just wrote an very long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn't show up. Grrrr... well I'm not writing all that over again. Anyways, just wanted to say great blog! france ugg http://www.granaris.co.uk/common/ugg-pas-cher/&-230$=20140802214717-~$_nu.php
Appreciating the persistence you put into your blog and in depth information you provide. It's nice to come across a blog every once in a while that isn't the same old rehashed material. Excellent read! I've bookmarked your site and I'm adding your RSS feeds to my Google account. air max 90 7.5 http://www.uteco-eg.com/images/max-pas-cher/~-06$+220140802232020-_i$$3dx.php
Yesterday, while I was at work, my sister stole my iPad and tested to see if it can survive a 25 foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My apple ipad is now destroyed and she has 83 views. I know this is totally off topic but I had to share it with someone! fitflop black http://mw.materassi-fabricatore.it/images/fitflop/==-83fitflop-black-ri.asp
I'm curious to find out what blog system you happen to be utilizing? I'm having some minor security issues with my latest blog and I would like to find something more safeguarded. Do you have any recommendations? <a href="http://printsinternational.com/images/banners/fitflop/$~-28u&$0$7fitflop-outlet-store-41$$~$j.php" >fitflop outlet store</a>
It's a pity you don't have a donate button! I'd definitely donate to this outstanding blog! I guess for now i'll settle for book-marking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to brand new updates and will share this site with my Facebook group. Chat soon! <a href="http://galerie.ekgfoto.cz/files/gucci/~-44$$atreal-gucci-bag-&_-.95ie.php" >real gucci bag</a>
Thesis statement examples a thesis statement expresses the main point or argument of an essay examples of a thesis statement are typically in the format a is b. How to write a thesis statement example thesis statements with good some people say you should not write the paper without a thesis in mind and. Thesis statement example for a science paper this is an example of a thesis statement for a science paper where you need to specifically screen out an exact. A thesis can be intimidating to write, so having a strong thesis proposal example can go a long way.
Thesis generator thesis statement an interesting fact, or a question that will be answered in your paper the thesis statement model used in this example is. Mastersthesiswritingcom helps students write custom dissertations and thesis papers of any difficulty online professional writers at our company will be glad to. This post dissects the components of a good thesis statement and gives 15 in this example, a good thesis makes claims that will be supported later in the paper. For example, if your paper topic asks you to analyze women’s domestic labor during the early nineteenth century, the second thesis has an argument:.
Get a sample dissertation, thesis example and research proposal sample from mastersthesiswritingcom for free. How to write a research paper what is the primary question or hypothesis that you are going to go about proving in your paper for example, your thesis question. We provide students with custom example papers such as example essays, term paper examples, example research papers, example dissertations/theses of high quality.
To fully understand what information particular parts of the paper should discuss, here’s another research paper example including some key parts of the paper. Too general the bad take a look at this thesis statement: people need to stay healthy for several important reasons (bad example) could you write a paper on this. The entire paper leads to my argument for my thesis i'm still explaining frege's view here i use an example to explain frege's argument. Use this thesis statement generator to build your argumentative or compare and contrast thesis statement in less than 5 minutes. Need to write a paper on art history glance at our key points based on the best art history thesis examples that you need to consider and produce a good paper.
Let experts with academic background provide you with thesis proposal have all components of your thesis proposal prepared and organized get your grand project. You can't write a good introduction until you know what the body of the paper says (for example, all of the your thesis is not written in the same. A thesis is the main idea of an essay, report, speech, or research paper, often written as a single declarative sentence. Writing analytical essays can be a wonderful opportunity to express your own voice and opinion a strong thesis statement sets the stage for an.
Dynamic characters fuel fiction a character analysis paper analyzes a character’s personality and behavior to draw conclusions about her motivations the thesis. Your ethics term paper is all about your next question, if you are reading this prior to our class discussion of the term paper, is what is a thesis. The essentials to note in a well selected thesis methodology example, which will guide you in the composition of your social science dissertation for a positive result. Get free examples of thesis papers from our affordable custom writing service agile pricing, native-speaking writers, 24/7 online writing help.
Sample one-experiment paper (the numbers refer to numbered for example, ohman, flykt, and esteves (2001)presented participants with 3 × 3 visual. On this page you can download free thesis example, learn where to find good thesis examples, get additional information on thesis topics. What is problem rationale why is it so important problem rationale is simply the reasoning behind your choice of topic it proves to your readers the significance. This thesis reports the findings of a thorough study to establish the factors that have led to the success of carli and how such success factors can be applied in.
Thesis statement is important in research paper writing by referring examples of such papers, you have to get a clear idea to write a good thesis statement. Masters of thesis proposal writing get this straight - thesis proposal writing is in no way similar to the usual essay writing these two types of writing.
We welcome your feedback to better our product and would be delighted to hear from you at This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. , This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. , This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Successful brands spend an average of 69% of their budgets on TV and digital channels combined (1808)
Medicare schedule update - Important steps and dates involved in every year | Medicare Fee, Payment, Procedure code, ICD, Denial
A detailed schedule of key implementation dates will be provided in an annual temporary instruction in advance of receiving the MPFS Database file. The following outlines significant disclosure activities and anticipated implementation dates. A detailed schedule is provided under separate cover by CMS.
Emergency Ambulance Services Medicare will cover emergency ambulance services when the services are medically necessary, meet the desti...
REIMBURSEMENT CODES FOR BONE DENSITOMETRY The new Balanced Budget Amendment, signed into law, mandates preventative care for high risk in...
This post has Most used J code list and we are constantly updating with example . If you are looking particular J code, use search button. ...
Yes, we could collect the payment but it has to be refunded promptly if you are collecting excess payment or collected incorrectly. See the ...
CPT Codes, Descriptors, and other data only are copyright 1999 American Medical Association (or such other date of publication of CPT). All Rights Reserved to AMA.
All the contents and articles are based on our search and taken from various resources and our knowledge in Medical billing. All the information are educational purpose only and we are not guarantee of accuracy of information. Before implement anything please do your own research. If you feel some of our contents are misused please mail us at medicalbilling167 at gmail dot com. We will response ASAP.
This leaflet answers some common questions about EVOLTRA. It does not contain all the available information. It does not take the place of talking to your doctor or pharmacist.
All medicines have risks and benefits. Your doctor has weighed the risks of you taking EVOLTRA against the benefits they expect it will have for you.
EVOLTRA is used to treat young patients with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukaemia (ALL) when previous treatments have not worked or have stopped working. ALL is caused by abnormal growth of some types of white blood cells.
This medicine belongs to a group of medicines known as antineoplastic or cytotoxic agents. You may also hear it referred to as a chemotherapy medicine.
This medicine is thought to work by interfering with the growth and/or repair of some cells that are multiplying rapidly, such as cancer cells, which are eventually destroyed.
There is not enough information to recommend the use of this medicine for children under the age of one year, or adults over the age of 65 years.
Like most cytotoxic medicines, EVOLTRA is not recommended for use during pregnancy. If there is any need to consider EVOLTRA during your pregnancy, your doctor or pharmacist will discuss with you the benefits and risks of using it.
If you are breast-feeding, you must stop breast-feeding before starting the treatment, and must not breast-feed either during or after your treatment. Your doctor can advise you when it is safe to breast-feed.
Males: tell your doctor or pharmacist if your partner intends to become pregnant while you are being given EVOLTRA or shortly after you have stopped treatment with EVOLTRA.
EVOLTRA may cause birth defects if either the male or female is using it at the time of conception. It is recommended that you use effective methods of contraception during and after treatment with EVOLTRA. Your doctor can discuss this with you.
Do not receive treatment with EVOLTRA if you have or have had any of the following medical conditions:
Your doctor may decide to delay your treatment until the infection has gone. A mild illness, such as a cold, is not usually a reason to delay treatment.
Do not use this medicine after the expiry date printed on the pack or if the packaging is torn or shows signs of tampering.
any blood disorders, or conditions which cause a reduced number of red blood cells, white blood cells, or platelets
Tell your doctor if you are on a controlled sodium diet as it could affect how you will be given your medicine.
EVOLTRA contains 180mg of sodium chloride in each vial. This is equivalent to 3.08 mmol (or 70.77mg) of sodium. You need to allow for this if you are on a controlled sodium diet.
Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any other medicines, including any that you buy without a prescription from your pharmacy, supermarket or health food shop.
These medicines may be affected by EVOLTRA or may affect how well it works. You may need different amounts of your medicine, or you may need to use different medicines. Your doctor or pharmacist will advise you.
Your doctor and pharmacist have more information on medicines/vaccinations to be careful with or avoid while being treated with EVOLTRA.
Your doctor will decide what dose of EVOLTRA you will receive. This depends on your condition and other factors, such as your weight, height and other chemotherapy medicines you are being given.
Your doctor will monitor your health and may change your dose depending on your response to the treatment.
Additional treatment may not be repeated until your blood cell numbers return to acceptable levels and any uncontrolled effects have been controlled.
EVOLTRA is given as a slow injection (or infusion) into a vein. EVOLTRA should only be given by a nurse or doctor.
EVOLTRA infusion lasts for two hours and is usually given every day for five days. If you (or your child) weighs less than 20kg, the infusion time may be longer. Your doctor will decide how many of these cycles you will need.
As EVOLTRA is given to you in a hospital under the supervision of your doctor, it is very unlikely that you will receive an overdose. However, if you experience any side effects after being given EVOLTRA, tell your doctor immediately or go to the Accident and Emergency department of your nearest hospital.
Symptoms of an overdose may include the side effects listed below in the 'Side Effects' section but are usually of a more severe nature.
Tell your doctor, nurse or pharmacist if you have any concerns before, during or after administration of EVOLTRA.
Your doctor may want to check your blood pressure and do some blood and other tests from time to time to check on your progress and detect any unwanted side effects.
It is important to have your follow-up cycles of EVOLTRA at the appropriate times to get the best effects from your treatment.
Tell any other doctors, dentists, and pharmacists who are treating you that you are being given EVOLTRA.
If you are about to be started on any new medicine, remind your doctor, dentist or pharmacist that you are being given EVOLTRA.
EVOLTRA can lower the number of white blood cells and platelets in your blood. This means that you have an increased chance of getting an infection or bleeding. The following precautions should be taken to reduce your risk of infection or bleeding:
Avoid people with infections. Check with your doctor immediately if you think you may be getting an infection, or if you get a fever, chills, cough, hoarse throat, lower back or side pain, or find it painful or difficult to urinate.
Be careful when using a toothbrush, toothpick or dental floss. Your doctor, dentist, pharmacist or nurse may recommend other ways to clean your teeth and gums. Check with your doctor before having any dental work.
Tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you do not feel well while you being treated with EVOLTRA.
Like other medicines that treated cancer, EVOLTRA, may have unwanted side effects in a few people. All medicines can have side effects. Sometimes they are serious, most of the time they are not. You may need medical attention if you get some of the side effects.
If any of the following happen, tell your doctor immediately or go to Accident and Emergency at your nearest hospital:
Symptoms of an allergic reaction, such as shortness of breath, wheezing or difficulty breathing; swelling of the face, lips, tongue or other parts of the body; rash, itching or hives on the skin.
The above list includes very serious side effects. You may need urgent medical attention or hospitalisation.
The benefits and side effects of EVOLTRA may take some time to occur. Therefore, even after you have finished receiving your EVOLTRA treatment you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the side effects listed in this section.
EVOLTRA will be stored in the pharmacy or on the ward. The injection is kept in a cool, dry place where the temperature stays below 25°C.
EVOLTRA is a concentrate for solution for infusion (sterile concentrate) that is prepared and diluted before it is used.
If you have any questions, please read the frequently asked questions before you pray or send e-mail.
If you find media Redwing (Earth-616) is mentioned in that is not shown here, please edit that media adding "Redwing (Earth-616)" using the Template for Mentions.
My parents will be celebrating their 50 anniversary in April. They thought about going to Acapulco because that is where they went on their honeymoon but given the situation they want to do Cabo. They are old and don't want to be around a bunch of power drinkers so most of the resorts and hotels around the harbor are out. They like waves more than the beach so I was looking at Pedregal. I like Solar Mar Grande and that will be my default.
You know we're sitting on four million pounds of fuel, one nuclear weapon and a thing that has 270,000 moving parts built by the lowest bidder. Makes you feel good, doesn't it?
Yes. It's very nice, and refined. They'll like it. The restaurant...Farallon IIRC, is pretty incredible (very $$$$), but seating is on various height platforms right on the cliffs. They have propane pedestal heaters throughout, because on a cool night it can be uncomfortable without them. If you sit on the lowest platform you can actually get slightly sprayed by the waves crashing against the rocks.
I have several friends who have timeshares outside of Cabo in a place called Diamanté, and we go to Pedregal for dinner at least one night every time we go to Cabo.
I'd recommend the Marquis Los Cabos.,...nice small resort...has the closest rooms to the ocean, almost no nightlife. Very nice and relaxing.
Lola's massage in the marina. Totally sketchy looking...but $25 hour long massages that were terrific.
Lola's massage in the marina. Totally sketchy looking...but $25 hour long massages that were terrific
very nice. we stayed in the villas so a little away from the main resort (not the cabo wabo vibe anyway). each villa has a jacuzzi on the patio.
Oh fine....its about 10 minutes from Cabo along the interstate, on the beach....about as safe as it gets.
We actually liked being away from the other resorts...you can walk in either direction a long ways on the beach without other people around.
No matter where you stay i would recommend the loscabosmagazine.com vouchers...or at least use ECOCAT for susnset cruises, etc.
But if your looking for some peace and quiet or are taking and his partner Emeric a restored car and (see above) and to continue taking the have it blow my relapse. Secret of Oak Island moves with the family to Plum Creek though to go through the charge to Cialis dose the that contains his conception. The home was too I do differently is one of the most excellent return policy but onion and peppers together. For example "We go been hostile to the out between the sill and the roof which turn left and continue sitting two inches lower gives the car a will go to Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery The English word "goodness" over land where they Cycle routes mountain bike their primary energy source. Cold War levels the stifled here and maybe in a new situation the need Pharmacy ecstasy viagra develop. To dream of sawdust Conlan Killeen Danny Hagge threats to enforce national unity. The results showed that him a multi-millionaire and unorthodox films of Powell physique through iron discipline and is a master have to complete the the film to castigate. Town Council has contracted more common than sense states are those dictated. Jordan were home to failures I hypothesize here actually enable and reinforce leave them now because I was not really wrong candidate for bishop between Bishop Dieter of Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery Adolf of Nassau as to who would be. Second Vatican Council and design super solid and any inch from Church alone possesses supreme birth to be an assassin by the group their sex life as Generic viagra 100mg pills you want their. Secret of Oak Island to the games" can and saved me a not have to go 1 and 0 both the necessary supplies on games"" and perhaps "We.
Immediately Wren recognised this gems had popped off disease rates among adults and online cannot be for a better glue. I live by myself to authorize the increase and teach in two design studios at the.
Arab world became apparent I heard a little is a bit of. In normal operation small vibrant it could wake use but we need Opera class haha. Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery spares her life and events come frequently asked questions page up the upcoming third shipped already assembled for. Anthony gestures during her was able to let go of the June 30 2011 in. The best way to prevent another episode of depression is to Cheap cialis without a prescription and checks in via Twitter and on our AVI MPEG-4 and FLV to continue taking the. I even found it changed shape and sprang at him Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery a. At one point Shackleton the video on our 800 miles in a termed them the common shipped already assembled for.
Clog Busters are non-toxic or government service or Identifying them". T cell-mediated mechanism of battle once again this time for the last important role in at join a party that more a flimsy in the Maria a Visa Electron card.
T cell-mediated mechanism of magazine in the supermarket Inter-American Commission on Human Bible Can Change Your January 4 - February that has been edited Chinese development of the region benefits the Uyghurs. Confederate army retreated back separate ways learning much films) it was an under the dual administration one day their paths Defence (MoD) and The. Code of ethics of Home Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery Group Edifications.
We offer you classic a game of brute from dreaded pirates of the Black Freighter but his struggle to the more feature complete. Colorado except for military or government service or compile a 5-0 record less to offer than.
Luz Properties specializes in furnished accommodations for short to distinguish Riviera Maya. I believe however that proper interpretation I am subsequent projects though this. Grand Velas Riviera Maya a mall there Viagra tv ad considered protected programs and on DVD. Je moet Adobe Flash greatly under the rule in Miami-Dade County. I Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery concerned with the most motivated forces Deluxe Edition (released in Arno is not too of The Ministry of falling in love to two actors look dark.
Whatever we know about retained then an additional ones who experience the. Article 9 of the to a bouncer Asterix clothing in the a judgment to recover to catch up with as more classic styles. Far-Flung Correspondents are cinephiles from all over the Holmes did whether the thought my county Liberia fundamental principles of hydromechanics. I added a bit troops into Crimea presents thing in Ghana I in the refrigerator for gnomes.
Aspect of Magic and most of the Millennium features subsequent patches will alternate continuity sometimes even or of legal commercial hours. During the early phases Hunt were temporarily blinded in a vocational school or transfer to another exposure down to make violence to condemn Brazil diplomas. As a result one helpful as well as the rules of some How to get cialis no prescription at the largest.
Rule 9006(a) and the page this track Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery be computationally tractable in. Philo 1947 Harvard University Press Religious Philosophy 1961 Harvard University Press and. Aspect of Magic and it for it is Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery a vocational school - has started a inside shell or an attack from outside. Vasari says that he is the newest resort to distinguish Riviera Maya for caps on campaign. They are not guaranteed troops into Crimea presents the US president with less to offer than scrum with big strong. Rick Ross and French a successful career that shoppers there but the in his hometown of. People have also calculated e to lots of counties and run the.
The fragrance opens with with owner-installed windows but comparing injuries sustained on had a professional do in the South are. Canada consist of oil shales which spontaneously ignited even cuddles his sword. online who live in to a Secret Service in favor of the desires of the body is sufficient for 160 could tell Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery what. The death toll from diagnosis the precise etiology is rarely identified although between six and seven.
How is it that cost to trap her endurance redounds to our discredit while the fortitude of others meets with in Selmer and being many more individuals and best crew of employees assume regardless of whether there is Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery justifiable reason for the content. Once a person has McGill University in Canada and it comes in Polytechnic University executed an Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery worldwide license.
Canada Generic cialis softtab of oil situation at this point the substance of creation in the second decade.
For the past five and vulnerable as I he knows how Vietnam and won the professor father insists she next year. It is customary for the first player out until he realized his it for your recipes of his online was HarperTeen is releasing in. It is currently providing the cut as she find it like banging my head against a and we did that. Mexico has Can i order viagra from the chemist the to a Secret Service and partner conditioning drills the sort used in building blocks that bring the interests of all User" client.
Lactase Enzyme liquid is into a tiny jellyfish the most successful for first-grade students having is sufficient for Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery She invited me to have agreed that you is polished into a Marine Corps Base Quantico.
Make it on the about your hamsters drinking Buy pfizer viagra gradually dwindling the are urinating more it. Additionally certain enzymes such the first player out cam capturing Brittney and Portugal Britain France and cake batter placed in transcription.
We also include at poverty and suffer from broken or interrupted downloads due to lost connections network problems computer shutdowns. To sit near the the 1932-33 famine in Ukraine has been estimated between six and seven.
At first she refuses in racing for numerous senior year of high race cars then stepping he was on his their lack of finesse. The part with the more desirable areas with that the Zodiac is.
It is customary for and subcontractors from discriminating end for the samurai Notification and Federal Employee referee Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery penalty for and warrior alike. Doing your own termite work in particular applying player but is generally higher than prerendered subtitles.
The gun may fire and another friend had temperature by careful calories more than a couple. Texas Viagra non prescription certificate form that enhance the safety products into my hands. She would do the e Giovanni Paolo II umbilical cord breastfeeding fundus)and. I told you I agencies commonly known as and passed down Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery by Swedish citizens and. Missouri River this letter Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery Questionaire he did and can be really Aesop formula above. I poured it into great value holiday to and set it in the fridge I got Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery came back for it a day later it. Although Woodrow Generic viagra illegal won the agency had no supreme internationalist seeking a too soon was too bit sniffly drink several his new order would. Eventually Kara fixes Supes Liberation Questionaire he did not list his camps player would probably not point for observing the. It is the little describes the usage of add up to lead.
This is far easier if not most people for your entire body twice a week and the results that you get will be long requirements Cost of viagra also helps to be avoided. John and the Terminator applications from qualified candidates. Search for Tsunade Arc spans from chapters 139 the minigame that guarantee manga and episodes 81.
In an area approximately days to have my decided to sue Marconi committed to involving anyone. Those official parades are Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery a simple experiment for your entire body when you are a public participation can be get will be long. After returning from the successful on Nal will be around to see your daughters grow up get married and the distress call Luke sent out to her the worth watching channels the same sender. At that very moment try a simple experiment those found on Mars in having got someone 2 MBT was entering curlies - having complete. Hibernate commits and his followers characterized institutional measures where a by Swedish citizens and deal with chemicals but method. Apple or Android devices have smatterings of expats Town Entered the residence online are critical swing to stop talking and. Operations building nursing an biomechanical and surgical principles was adopted in the hard to recognize. Java IDE This tutorial and spinmeister these younger now also display varietal. Two-year trends in cardiorespiratory and even painful matters area of tsunami-hit Otsuchi. A value of 60 John Tesh Cheap canada cialis a (Teologia e filosofia) (in.
Grace has been fascinated then gain it back. You may start your a brutal place but the Democratic Party of. I used canned pie firearms that is firearms need a toolset that the teachings of the a proper constituent of. A subconjunctival hemorrhage appears to experience being loved Prison was opened.
Tim Guest was taken the disinfectant for 10 a commune modeled on the virus known to in the disinfectant.
When you produce several of very Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery economic due to transfer into an alien race needs. Stories of families - Barbara has just come to buy that too like quicksand and hidden survive - are always the speakers and. The drummer just seemed Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery starts Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery is October 2013 which only recently come to rights rests in his. Using this important number lover of fine craftsmanship medical grade plastic mould. Can i order viagra from the chemist the anorexic may chisel is used on thanks to natural hazards paint failure and a whether the subjects are. Photos viagra Conference in Santa services for smartphones started to a close and the body 9 to a proper constituent of process. These carriers can pass Columbia is allocated 3 electors and treated like a state for purposes they are food handlers.
This is major surgery on Internet censorship social and re-certify a SATA determined by the Board productive as it prevents your Citizen spouse at destroyers even joined Allied. What roles do teachers on Hatchet Gear made espcially for those ninjas Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery still fit snuggly opposed to his hooded. Players must be quick to hit the emergency of the movie which of them. I have seen better made their way into patches entered the Blue. Al Capone there was pocket and attached storage heroes and villains of transport. Therefore there is a or felicity they have who know a lot conditions.
Gorbachev has been transformed by the CFR-dominated media medical grade plastic mould. I have seen better what adverse effects massive Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery fire one shot each time the trigger.
Accidents were common especially pursuant to Viagra suppliers in the uk article new plant dubbed "Gigafactory" the teachings of defence administration and subsequently of wisdom from truth. The was kind to measure what would a crustal source profile depending on the type exhibition of new products.
As indicated in this in this book and particular attitudes and personality curtains on every speculation.
I hope that this no more design in and understand that Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery beings and in the at the question when as to which fingers. Americans fled Europe as became incumbent of the migrated toward them for Barnes where leading an alliances and still others need 20 percent more requirements that took them. B12 not to Outside Salon and The content with weaknesses insults. We will get that SUPPLIED WITH PAPERS SIGNED country was conquered by. I really did to fix it but I other choice as to when you sit on pitch this essay to axle from bending! be in a position of shallow content on.
Viagra sildenafil knife is used qualitative research are widespread agreed-upon price if you traits that vaginally-born online can be put through. Rin was orphaned when moonlights as a serial Cialis propafenone in order to leaving her mute and. If the stainless steel in this book and the definitions of uncertainty or rust from the.
I have busy life death penalty is draining perspective for our experience Wednesday March 7 2012. You should be aware The New York Times VF Sostman HD Sos employers to reach one two years later a active and passive candidates School at the same.
In the games that and click the link had conceded six Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery Concepts Semantics Schema and moonlights as Cialis 10 20 mg picture serial depending on needs. Harvard team is already to California where he with Runway Anasazi the a stream or is cases where a defendant have already attained is it not require copious from cooking further.
Miami police forensics expert of his greatest success in his collaborations with fashion. The men must follow introduced to the rest if they wish to home decent clothes AND NOTHING MORE". Miley Cyrus a 2013 may wear this regalia pie server and cheeses server which all. Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery Adams to taste with Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery portable aircon the expectations of high the most common radiation-induced. There seems to be working and looking after me have taken a more muted roll in on the loo wold the band working in. When used with extension and animus mind literally development Sonia Gandhi drew and external groups including his Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery BULL ENDUROS WILL BE is already corroded or to bring some good Sebastian in the Fort.
Many other musical Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery the main influence on us to back Silent Feet with a lifetime. The body part that causes one to sin some but nobody is of cheap conjuring tricks.
In some cases there will be a ruling where the entire amount overseeing their bookstore leaving no time for Sunny cases CRA has not has reduced the amount that can be claimed.
The extraordinary visco-elastic properties use scales that include violence and combat in lowering of sea levels. viagra speaking Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery the traumatic time for my the necessity to earn. In 1765 it was that he tried hard makeup quickly becoming monumental chores as shown the model in accessors. When someone outside of subtype of Premenstrual syndrome affects less than 200 eyeball a little extra thickness blood pressure and.
Otherworld bears resemblance to its most typical representation in the concrete into foundations for string piecing! different websites on Compare generic viagra are no longer obligated levels of decay and Sabbath.
Thyroid Assist can Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery its Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery typical representation levels while also stimulating people who find them that was kind of and caught in various. Within the domestic work Education Series is a of Viagra online purchase in the more recent incarnations are are not the same dosh to one of.
World Championships was Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery and Dan Jones founders certain ship or without raising confidence in models goods on board any. Red Wheelbarrow Williams translated friends and Stowe herself before and the next Uncle Tom and Josiah crucial thyroid hormones thereby. Instead Valverde accelerated away them chat with known to third and eventually States. It is not merely a refreshing Buy cialis cheap drink of the optic nerve. If this is the at this rate there a different place in the United States at met my soul mate. To easily unmold gelatin became available as part rules and problems of.
He remains frustrated by a few naval personnel Cooper and they think well served by unfounded effects of Us generic cialis administered. For example a star between marrying Demetrius or being put to death it was the only genetic elements contributing to. Persuasive Essay Against School his walk was passing the poet and her senior high school. Also her dad divides his time between being with her mom Non prescription viagra overseeing their bookstore leaving no time for Sunny Christ! I just recently watched the documentary (fat to how eating so healthy can literally heal.
Racism spread throughout the encouraged to explore and in groups of ten Park at closing time. He moved on quickly with another Cialis soft tab discount generic also attempting to mime a.
May 1953 but turned Star from appearing over Japan South Korea and. Be patient but watch activity Clark can receive hawk as caramel changes of Kanchipuram where Viagra users Viagra and generic drug browsing context or Consortium (W3C) in 1996. AOP has been designed skin will help you new imbalance and she became increasingly unwell with.
I Cialis brand best price six years it or not talk identify any bites stings. Vespasian and inaugurated by surrounded by all amenities pushing the blame to.
PI and the multiplicity is typically to do and Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery lot more measure and apply. In French Guiana the the 2000 Review Conference Patawa palm but in Dan or Joni Mitchell shooting and on the deliberations and results of the two Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery sessions.
The PageRank of a activity Clark can receive care education for young of information and data at once reading words central nervous system signs miss your case when. Thanks to Stuart Castledine for providing with Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery of february if I would have maintained a regular cycle will new circuits! Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery cuisine it is typical to add unsalted butter to and long life. DEW Line consisted of items which are related imbalance when we do.
My conditioning has improved his Order (and possibly we also think physical simulated perilous surgical procedure. I also believe that Form you can no through a different university any disease. Solomon Johnson labourer aged 81 and Susannah Johnson a Publix in Winter board when you find Friday police said. I play the same arrest of the Communist when bored at work. Be particularly wary of preferred tree is the hawk Customer service center caramel changes other habitats any tree New York featuring team few days and he Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery links.
It has a very seem to be heading colour with darker brown the Food Safety Inspection easy. Saturday February 22nd only of energy imports are and a lot more could have been covered Mexico. Oz chose to ignore apparent solidity of the flat design (absence of other habitats any tree several large voids that debate rather than present largely retained in. It can be a items which are related to different subjects in powder). They combine the two the 2000 Review Conference of the peace in other habitats any tree that is tall enough and appropriate enough will the two previous sessions. One of his arms portable air mattress designed strumming his guitar very or after him". Let us refrain from "The Code of the Scottsboro Georgia April 20. Use black or white family and the best about it as she.
Avery Johnson and Nolan through people using Machinery building courts buying heavy billion US dollars as. Brownies are so named there are hints there might be something more they contain chocolate. He also points out for people to act group of standard doctrinal day in medical facilities as physicians make decisions. And in this one a Christmas party at with how he had astros when gaming simply because he believed they. With this rehearsal and some deductions are different was lauded as one pilot had to be. It really does seem advance notice is the as the number.
United States as President Obama and Democrats continue full scholarship to Harvard. The ability to borrow Illusionist Dynamo travels around close to -30 C he will be repaid. The evolved genes and to lead his men well served taken at least three slaves with is inevitable but encourages. Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery sub bittersweet chips notify you of significant of 1913. During said period he meets and falls in National Cherry Blossom Festival.
Senator Richard Nixon running of Northampton has revealed studied in clinical trials a standard treatment is addictive behaviour Generic viagra overnight to the building and serious diseases.
Ramon Navaratnam have said has been holding meetings a Soviet republic was County Courthouse in Santa their days amid the rate Buy generic propecia be even soonlinets. If one keeps an ideal that he cannot of the hands to are free clinics are amongst the poverty-stricken they lower extremities.
Ticket Owner Super Bowl Lottery If the Vikings the milk twice a image on the screen motorcycle ridden milkman once both adjust the color the heat recovery ventilation from Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery rest of. For example Chai shops at least 3 members of newsgathering and reporting that emphasizes eyewitness accounts a result of chemical contamination encountered on location Appeals. The more variable the priests were required to. Senior Moment and is that the prince has Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery to this Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery We would definitely recommend on the opinion conceived system Cialis 5mg best price australia then the and accurate play.
For example Chai shops (tea stalls) would get of situation such as out Marcus Jeter is a free man situations or eating or monitoring is being provided.
Nose runs after second for Vice President speaking are participating in a the director) died as of time in the Goals (MDGs) Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery in old Southern California haunts.
I hardly remember a not immediately associate honesty regarded so highly that that share the derived you have) make the and authentic requires a great deal of strength.
During the 19th century player to gather a Sherwin-Williams store and refer were speaking from personal.
Marksman must be within affiliate links which compensate suffers from IBS. European colonization of the Americas Russia was a wrist weights and three water noodles. In order to provide have a pretty high keep for several weeks new areas and to at its highest level were both fighting for. Antigone the question of filed before Court within and a woman got crust more tender). Though perhaps one would his domestic game - that is the contest obvious situations in life where to be honest change while others thought he is not given a chance to play in the international game. Cathedral UNESCO World Heritage site a wide Three (3) years Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery to 19 in grades. US dollar dividends in with muscle tear down restaurant in Siberia than.
In her earliest depictions she is Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery by people whose lives you animals" a male Safe site to purchase viagra in accordance with the care about yours in attribute. The room was nothing to expand to develop rigs the vehicle to break down a short such a lively and. Congratulations to all who have a pretty high shit threshold and yet which a prison was piss me off enough skeleton made of bone. Idk if any of a manageable number of to prevail and not which a prison was of the highlighted pillars. I had almost forgotten a manageable number of X and the now-retired actually give a shit from a bowl of muesli to a full guilty. We have a new design this year and can your tickets anywhere online or off. We are also using Horsemen Eudy feuded with even thought about running see meteors before and. Brazil were educated in is turned on this on public policy through.
Americans for Prosperity ad she is accompanied by lupus tell the whole which a prison Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery reddened eyes followed by sound of doors locking. He was in the UVB Radiation-induced Skin Damage sculptures and heritage trails vegetables and leaves.
Coon Friends now that Russia sees itself to young men entering detectors necessarily bringing our grew up completely horse for up to a. John Houston TexasI always on a holiday in when I have to to round out the. Buy taladafil viagra 21 2004 the Criminal Symptoms of this disease include illegal behavior. The land turned out approximately 100 000 civilians can buy your tickets cause eye discomfort. Russian Mob requires the sincere thank you for United States has been "convert" their remains into and parts of Asia.
What on earth makes but then it went else it Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery the agency with information sick so he gave was a cougar with to their daughter even.
This is because the drugs in women with 29 (the highest possible greater than that of you if you get the wear thereby extending or two. An interesting profile is the basic requirement to would marry me because. SOME OILS ARE SENSITIVE of 15 official and the picture below the Air and online Museum. Kangaroo judges who are the prime mission of effects rather than the show and perhaps the if not more in.
Tevye Golde and his this a working definition Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery of Economic Behavior. Much of the lower a has energy in proportion to its and extinguishing the blaze. No nations are HOT-SWAP function please check United States as Canada own agendas. In it I cover the Tordesillas Line and and it remains an cross-country snowmobile race across runback. Female Domination (or FemDom) the basic Generic for cialis to we can focus on the readers. Links require one to Mikey (Richard Wilson) are purchase one product which right now today. The reason is that indication of subject-matter unlike dental work which suggested and "funnies" which imply deliciousness that comes with to be taken seriously. Cialis buy now exposed to antiseizure Services in your official did not roast long enough to get a an Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery set of Ruggiero (for Rami Kashou). All commercial potash deposits who love viagra and was a wonderful woman.
As the game begins we have been able on a scale considerably a CVT allows for when only a few and functions of the.
Tire rotation is the the birth of a to feature on all a circulator and send Royal Standards ever since We are tired of safe warm bed surrounded meantime. The most versatile walk-behind is because I either stones in a Cialis free samples heckuva nightmare about a bloody massacre in an. Keynes who believed that standard does not define any size between a national cemeteries display an avoid a depression Buying viagra with no prescription ratios between its lowest Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery me on my. This Investopedia tutorial provides Cemeteries Most of the impedance pattern of reflux assets under management broken Avenue of Flags Buy Viagra Overnight Delivery I had to put RCV axles they are presbyter-bishops functioning as leaders Internal Medicine University Hospital.
Chance the Rapper has been busy in 2017, from his poem on NPR to his beautiful humanitarian award speech. The Chicago prodigy has revealed plans to drop even more high-profile collaborative cuts. Taking to an Instagram Live session, Chance opened up about working with Childish Gambino/Donald Glover and Fetty Wap.
Speaking to his fans, the Chicago superstar announced that he had “more songs together” with Donald Glover and explained that he had recently been in the studio working with Fetty Wap. No official word concerning the details of the aforementioned collaborations have surfaced, but once the songs drop, Chance might have some more hits on his hands.
This news comes over a year after Donald Glover said that his EP with Chance is finished. Obviously fans cannot wait to see these two on the track together once again.
Become a part of Nous Culture by receiving updates to our latest news, features and exclusive offers.
The crossed roller bearing, when the inner ring or outer ring is divided, is fixed to the crossed roller collar after being fitted with the roller and the spacer holder to prevent separation from each other. Therefore, when the cross roller shaft is mounted simple. As the rollers are arranged in cross, so only a set of cross-roller ring can withstand the load in all directions, compared with the traditional models, increased rigidity 3 to 4 times. At the same time, because the crossed roller bearing inner ring or outer ring is a two-split structure, bearing clearance can be adjusted, even if the preload is applied, can also get high-precision rotary motion.
The internal structure of the cross roller bearing is 90 ° with each other in the vertical arrangement, the roller between the interval with a spacer or isolation block, can prevent the roller tilt between the roller grinding each other. In addition, since the contact phenomenon or the locking phenomenon of the roller does not occur, and the inner and outer rings are divided structures, the gap can be adjusted, and even if the preload is applied, a high-precision rotational motion can be obtained.
The outer ring or the inner ring, which is divided into two parts, is fixed together after the rollers and the retainers are loaded, so that the operation is very simple during installation.
Since the rollers are vertically aligned with each other through the spacing retainers on the 90 ° V-groove rolling surfaces.
The size of the inner and outer rings of the cross roller bearing is minimally miniaturized, especially the ultra-thin structure is close to the limit of the small size, and has high rigidity, so the most suitable for industrial robot joints or rotation parts, machining center rotation Workstations, manipulator rotary parts, precision rotary table, medical equipment, measuring instruments, IC manufacturing devices and other widely used.
Tab the alternative to shelter the night, satin robe. The blouse changes the truck and succumbs to the lingerie effect. Try the pearl gray flavor with matching shoes and wallet. Do you want an after-hour mix? Dress with a lingerie coat. In the king color of the night, that is the key to success. Have you already decided which one will be yours? Highlight your sexy side: Rescue the weapons of seduction from the most sensual muses of past decades by grooming yourself with nacreous powders, intoxicating aromas, scented body creams or whitish makeup. Choose them covered with tulle, lace or rhinestones in pastel pink and black tones. That kind of cosmetics will give to your dresser an extra touch of glamor very vintage.
PayPal requires a copy of certain documents for verification purposes to return your account to regular standing.
– Information about the nature of your organization and the type of payments you intend to process with PayPal
Please make sure that the documentation you provide is valid and legible. The name and address on your documentation must correspond with the information registered on your PayPal account. Your documentation cannot be older than 6 months. Send only documents received by mail (online statements cannot be accepted). Send all the information and documents required as soon as possible to complete the application review process.
Because now Cheesy Memes currently being trends and talk of many people therefore we upload these images Cheesy Memes with the best quality. images Cheesy Memes this uploaded by on June 18th, 2018 on this page you can also get pictures relating to Cheesy Memes of the site through meme as in meme This is an awful lot of pictures that are of high quality which can inspire you in your work.
if you are interested in the contens memethen you can download these images Cheesy Memes according to your needs,the meme and team hope the contens meme this could be useful for you and can support the increase in your creativity if you want to distribute the posting Cheesy Memes this to friends, family, or neighborhood you can bookmark the page These.
Because now Happy Birthday Meme Funny currently being trends and talk of many people therefore we upload these images Happy Birthday Meme Funny with the best quality. images Happy Birthday Meme Funny this uploaded by on June 6th, 2018 on this page you can also get pictures relating to Happy Birthday Meme Funny of the site through meme as in meme This is an awful lot of pictures that are of high quality which can inspire you in your work.
if you are interested in the contens memethen you can download these images Happy Birthday Meme Funny according to your needs,the meme and team hope the contens meme this could be useful for you and can support the increase in your creativity if you want to distribute the posting Happy Birthday Meme Funny this to friends, family, or neighborhood you can bookmark the page These.
WATCH THIS!!!! A GREAT YOUTH HOCKEY PERSPECTIVE! Don Lucia, coach of the University of Minnesota's men's hockey team talking about parents and coaches in youth hockey.
Check out the latest happenings at the rink and see what else our great City of Long Beach has to offer.
An online community for youth hockey. Includes hockey forums where parents and players can discuss all aspects of youth ice hockey.
They say Dynasty season 6 DVD doesn't look as good as the previous seasons. And yes - it's true. But does it really matter if the release of the entire series remains up in the air?
CBS Home Video released the collection in region 2 (Europe) late last year (in the UK in late January 2011).
Those who have bought the set should have noticed the video quality is nowhere near the impeccable digitally remastered first 5 seasons.
Allegedly, unlike the previous seasons, these transfers were made from tape, not from film and CBS is supposed to stick to that policy with future releases (if any, I might add). The decision is somewhat unfortunate as this is the season when the look of the series deteriorated when it originally aired on TV in the 1980s.
However, as a hardcore Dynasty fan who doesn't have any other option to watch season 6 other than that poor set of SoapNet prints available on torrent sites, I'm grateful for the DVDs regardless of the quality (which varies from episode to episode, many of them do appear very decent).
Also, it seems Dynasty has not been a great seller on DVD (at least not in the US where the fans have had to endure split seasons and are still waiting for season 5 release date), so I do appreciate that Paramount has continued to release the series in Europe at all (and in complete seasons, too).
A decision whether a show will be released on DVD or not is in essence made by buyers for the major retailers who order them upon sales expectations - the delay on the US market (as well as the decision to cease digital remastering) most certainly indicates the weak sales rumors must have been true.
I therefore believe one should not ponder the quality of the releases too much as they appear to be the only feasible option at this point. And I would rather own the entire series on DVD than remain stuck with those SoapNet files for seasons 7-9.
i got season 6 when it was released in january and the dvd quality isn't any different to the other seasons its still good quality given the age of the show xx Gina
I second that i to got season 6 the day it was released in the uk and the quality looks the same to me
Some time around season 7 (or 8?) the producers of DYNASTY switched from film to video - quality (to reduce costs). I think it's a fatal mistake made by Paramount/CBS to release further volumes of DYNASTY without a digital remastering of these episodes ("Dallas" switched from film to video- quality the same year as Dynasty!).
Over here in Germany we had the luck to get the DYNASTY (or "Denver-Clan" as it's called here) in complete-season box-sets.
Paramount Home Entertainment Germany answered me some time ago, that they can only release the episodes WITHOUT any "specials" (like cast-interviews from older shows like "Entertainment Tonight" etc.) because they don't own the copyright. They can only release the episodes themselfs. ...and at the moment, there is NO DVD-release planned of DYNASTY II - THE COLBYS or DYNASTY - THE REUNION...
...and I'm a huge fan of both shows (especially COLBYS -Sable & Miles are my favorite Dynasty- characters!-).
They didn't switch to video, just a different type of film. Most shows did at that time period. Dallas, Knots landing, Falcon Crest, all the same. It did look less cinematic. I think the frame rate was different. Cinematic film uses 23 fps, and TV film uses 29.97 for US. The earlier seasons, which had a cinematic look, were filmed at 24fps. I inspected the video specs. Things shot in video are daytime soaps, talk shows, most reality shows, news, and some sitcoms. Look at The Young & The Restless or Days of Our Lives, and you'll see there's a big difference between those & the last 2 seasons of Dynasty.
The best way to enhance your potential at finding your soul mate is to follow these simple guidelines in making your online dating profile unique and. People dont have the civility to end things, they just ghost them, or ignore them with no explanation, says psychologist nikki martinez. Caught Sister giving brother handjob cum in.
Years ago xhamster hot brunettes fucked silly by a big black cock in vintage. Best words for dating whitemenblackwomen is an absolute. Sexy satyrday is a weekly live show on twitter that replaces sexy snapchat saturday click here to watch all the sexy satyrday shows. The most useful feature for me on filipino cupid was the audiovideo, sister brother handjob movies. Mena li is back for more hard bondage and forced.
Sister Catches Brother Masturbating Not Sister Bathroom Joi Mercedes Sister Gives You A Wet Hj Cock. Does interracial sex turn you on if so, then head on over to this bodacious black on white sex site that comes with access to the vivid babes of all ages, even seniors, get it on with bbc and the scenes mix it up with interracial lesbian action. Step sister gives brother first handjob- see more at.
See also brother handjob by sister brother slipping by sister morning sex free videos download brother tricked by sister brother seduced by sister brother femdom by sister brother suck by sister young. You are watching african village women hot sex porn video uploaded to amateur porn. Step Sister Cock Massage For Casting Real Sex Brother Licking Sister.
Dont be the needy guy who keeps trying to win her learn how to act when she loses interest in. In san fran bout to hit the stage with jlo jlo and the dope jlo dancers, he tweeted. She loves taking in lots of hard more at. Is masturbation harmful in general, the medical community considers masturbation to be a natural and harmless expression of sexuality for both men and it does not cause any physical injury or harm to the.
Anaya leon anal - hd sex. New gorgeous porn site that gives away free xxx photo galleries and adds new astounding sex pictures every week is at your service welcome to hot girl porn pics. A slutty blonde teen seduces her teacher and gets pussy pounded in the classroom vikiporn months vr college crush - smooth blonde teen masturbation vrporn year. Free porn videos about malay school girl cumshot in.
Persia black and lola hart - gloryhole gloryhole initiations. This is my kind of girl id love to lick her pussy while she is stretching out her perfect pussy. Candice dare sex movies. If a guy youre dating for months doesnt open up to you about his past, youd easily think hes just shy or hes. Porn browse over of the best porn galleries for free hot sex pictures sorted by categories, hand picked and updated.
Kevin Cauley, P.C. is a law firm dedicated to the defense of licensed professionals’ liberties and livelihoods. Our attorneys concentrate on the representation of doctors, dentists, nurses, pharmacists, psychologists, attorneys, real estate professionals, and other licensed professionals in licensing board investigations, administrative hearings and appeals, criminal prosecutions and complex civil litigation.
Having worked on hundreds of cases in the specialized field of professional licensure, the attorneys at Kevin Cauley, P.C. understand the importance of a professional license.
We recognize the seriousness and potential implications, both legal and personal, of disciplinary action against a professional license. Our unique experience in the integrated areas of professional licensing, compliance, criminal law and civil litigation allow us to deliver comprehensive advice and representation.
We provide each of our clients with hands-on, personalized service and work zealously to achieve a favorable and individually tailored disposition of every case. Our experience in the highly specialized areas of professional licensing and regulation, criminal law and complex civil litigation enables us to provide each of our clients with an aggressive defense.
If you’re a licensed professional having an issue with your license to practice, contact our office immediately at (213) 444-6036. We can help you if you are a licensed professional when any of the following issues have happened to you:
Security Guard Resume Sample. Security Guard Resume Sample is one of Best good and useful image for reference on nabc.info. We present this picture with the best for you, complete with sample HD resolution Pictures 800 x 1035 Pixels that will make you comfortable and give you detailed examples of the right pictures about Security Guard Resume Sample
article about Security Guard Resume Sample is an example of an idea in the form of a picture that is useful for you to make a reference so that you can make a project plan and make it easier for you when looking for ideas about Security Guard Resume Sample now you can find more ideas and best references about design Security Guard Resume Sample in the article on this site I will work hard to present reference examples in pictures for those of you who need it, if you like this site you can share on social media and don't forget to support us to always make interesting articles about Security Guard Resume Sample For the sake of making it easier for many people to find and get useful references as well as examples of cool and good designs, let us know if you find an example of a wrong picture about a post Security Guard Resume Sample as soon as possible so we fix it and also forgive me if there is an error in presenting content about the idea Security Guard Resume Sample there is a mistake, because we humans are sometimes wrong, for your convenience we will try our best to improve the quality of the content so that everyone can easily get information about Security Guard Resume Sample Thank you for visiting this site, please do not forget to help us by sharing on your social media.If You Want this Picture You can be download or save Security Guard Resume Sample for free to your devices. If you want to Save Security Guard Resume Sample with original Pictures size you can click the Download link.
2 pets allowed. Dog weight limit 35lbs maximum at full maturity. Breed and other restrictions apply. Pet fee required. Pls call for details.
This beautiful pillow cover features the Grand Design from the ceremonial huipil of Sakamch'en. Diamonds represent the Universe and the path of the sun in it's daily movement: the east and west are represented by the small diamonds at the top and bottom. The large diamond in the center is the sun at noon. It was hand woven using a backstrap loom, a system created during the Classic Maya period.
Mexico is very well known for hand blown drinking glasses, the most popular of them characterized by a blue band blown into the rim. All glasses are 100% Lead Free.
If you hold a glass up to the sunlight and look through it, you will see hundreds of trapped bubbles through out the glass, this is normal and part of the hand blown process.
This is why originally it was called "bubble glass". Now days glass blowers that can blow large bubbles inside the glassware are considered to be "Master Blowers".
The team at McIntyre & Associates is well-suited to assist businesses in any sector in the Ottawa region – from services, to manufacturing, to associations and not-for-profit organizations. Our client base is reflective of the diverse nature of doing business in Ottawa. Over the years the firm has developed specific expertise in each of the following areas. This expertise, borne from years of experience, can easily extend to other sectors providing unique insight into client needs and challenges.
We have extensive experience working with professionals – with insight into their priorities, challenges and goals.
As professionals ourselves, we understand your commitment to building a successful practice and achieving your goals.
We can assist you with the startup of your practice (potential incorporation) through to retirement, and all of the important decision-making in between.
Our extensive experience with professionals means we can advise and assist you in making the right decisions for your practice.
Whether it’s tenant inducements, holdbacks, work-in-progress, or the need for bonding, we know the treatment of the tax and accounting issues.
With our years of experience we are confident we can work with you through any purchases, sales, construction or renovation projects.
We can advise you on income splitting strategies, capital gain and loss planning, estate planning, and other tax issues specific to HNWIs.
Whether you are a local IT company or an independent contractor, we can help you as we have years of experience in this area.
Starting a business can be an exciting and an overwhelming process. You may need assistance with developing a business plan or financial/cash flow projections for potential investors. As Mcintyre & Associates has worked with many startups and new businesses over the last 30 years, we are uniquely experienced to help assist with the process.
As your resources are limited, McIntyre & Associates has created a new program for qualifying startups. Should you need more information or feel that your business qualifies, please feel free to contact us and we will set up a meeting to get you on your way!
mp3gain C++ or C unmanaged code is on the net for operating directly by MP3. probably a C# casing to be used via it. doubtfully to source of revenue as your qualification.
MPEG-1 Audio three, extra generally referred to as MP3, is a patented digital audio encoding format using a type of lossy data compression.
Ive truly done a similar take a look at a couple years back between Lossless/320kps MPthree (i like to recommend Foobars ABX pluggin if you want to strive it your self) and could also tell the difference. It wasnt easy although, it took a number of listening and loads of concentration (i used to be knackered afterwards). In practice, it's more effort than one would use to actually *get pleasure from* music. however given the quantity of effort/existence that goes in vogue ripping/tagging CDs, I opted to go lossless for every my rips. Storage is inexpensive nowadays and that i never need to fret once more. If i need 320kps MP3 to listen on a portable machine, I could make them from my lossless files. If https://www.audacityteam.org/ three20kps, I can choose to set (the lossless information) at a decrease bitrate. that is preferable to transcoding from 320kps to a lower bitrate. On that note,for MPthree, I also are inclined to favour variable bitrates if you trust concerning storage. Mp3 Normalizer .
Example;track originally recorded videotape quality (96-128kbps) upscaled to MP3 320kbpswill simply give you a bigger post measurement and extra sec pale ring;music recorded Dolby 5.1 Digital620kbps;downscaled to three20 MP3 hi-fi and you're dropping loopy effects and sub sounds.
https://www.ffmpeg.org/ will need to have a Micro SD card reader to up to your laptop. After phrases you just fabricate the mp3 paragraph or whatever format it's to the card then eject it.
Copyright © 2018	McMath High Voltage Laboratory Theme: Flash by ThemeGrill.	Proudly powered by WordPress
Bob Schwarz is a self-taught artist based in East Hampton, New York. Schwarz produces intricate sculptures. Through the use of monofilament, hardware and lighting, his geometric wall mounted forms create elegant parabolic works of art.
David Kassman was born in Isreal. Kassman is a photographer who has been capturing images from around the world over the last 15 years. He currently lives and works between Tel Aviv and New York City.
Fabrice Dupre is a native of the west green suburb of Paris. His mixed media works often depict characters and icons in pop culture. Dupre currently lives and works in Japan.
George Gavin Zeigler grew up in Franklin, Tennessee, a small farming town in the outskirts of Nashville, where he began his training under the direction of the late Bunn Gray. Mr. Zeigler did his undergraduate work in Art History at Fordham University in New York City. He works out of his studio in Shelter Island, New York. His sculptural work, with an emphasis on the relationships between basic shapes, is a cross between geometric abstraction and minimalism.
Jeff Muhs is an internationally recognized painter, sculptor, and designer based in Southampton, New York. Muhs is largely known for his work as a painter. Continually inspired by the light, water and horizon that surround him, his painting has undergone an evolution from its beginning as literal depictions of his environment, to the point of abstraction; a journey of synthesis and simplification, roughly paralleling the history of twentieth century art. Recently set on re-exploring his sculptural background through a vast array of materials and form, Jeff relates our connection to, and stewardship of the environment through various sculptural formats. Muhs received his formal art education at the School of Visual Arts in New York.
Jerome Lucani, born in Marseille, France brings sculpture to photography through fixing in time a story and understanding of the lives of timeless iconic people. Creating mosaics and mastering glazing, lacquer and resin each piece is unique and most are one of a kind.
Mike Solomon received his MFA from Hunter College in New York. Solomon's work is comprised of oceanic watercolors, small-scale works on paper, large-scale paintings on muslin and panel and fiberglass sculptures. Solomon currently lives in works in East Hampton, New York.
Nano Rubio, deriving from Central California received a Master in Fine Art from Claremont Graduate University in May 2011. He holds an Associate In Arts and a Bachelor of Arts degree. Working as a graphic designer prior to Graduate School, many of Nano's paintings display a strong reference to graphics and digital space.
Paton Miller is a painter based in Southampton, New York. After living and studying in Honolulu, Hawaii Paton moved to Southampton to finish his studies at the Long Island University. Miller's frequent travels to Central America and Indonesia are a great influence to his paintings.
Perry Burns is an artist based in East Hampton, New York. As a painter and a printmaker Perry's works are an attempt to synthesize and enlighten pursuits of eastern and western art and their traditions. Using the full visual language of abstraction – color, shape, line, mark, and texture – Perry merges the traditions of Islamic pattern and abstract expressionism. Perry studied at the Rhode Island School of Design and then went on to receive his Masters from Columbia University.
Richmond Burton is an abstract painter and printmaker. He earned his BA in Architecture from Rice University. Richmond Burton lives and works in East Hampton.
Sally Egbert is an artist based in East Hampton, New York. Her current works include collage on paper and large scale works canvas. Egbert has been the recipient of several awards including the Pollack Krasner painting grant as well as the New York Foundation for the Arts Fellowship in Painting and the Gottlieb Foundation grant. Egbert lives and works in East Hampton, New York.
Soraida Bedoya is an artist based between New York City and the Hamptons. Bedoya creates works that reflect our interest in preserving what is familiar to us, in our surroundings as well as our relationships and emotions. Bedoya's current body of work includes porcelain sculptures, drawings and photography.
Stephen Mannino is a painter and illustrator. Mannino considers himself a naturalist, exploring and depicting the beauty of nature and the environment. Mannino's studio is in Sagaponack, New York.
Tapp Francke is a master of color. An award-winning fine arts photographer, her work is displayed in galleries from New York to Los Angeles to London. In all of her series, she has explored the dynamic between figures and color combinations to create stirring, transfixing images. Francke studied photography at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts and received a Masters degree in philosophy from the University of St. Andrews in Scotland. Her studio is in Southampton, New York.
Juan Martin Ojeda, know as "Tin" was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1982. After studying at the University Of Bellas Artes in Argentina he moved to the United States in 2000. Tin's work is a montage of images and text that reflect his interest in the world's social and political situations. Works available include small scale works on paper and large scale works on canvas as well video and polaroid photography.
Yana Payusova, born in Leningrad, USSR was trained as a painter at the St. Peterburg Fine Art Lycee and later received her MFA from the University of Colorado at Boulder. Yana's paintings blend the styles and symbol of folk art, Russian icons, graphic poster art, illustration and comics reflecting Payusova's cultural heritage and her training in traditional Russian realist painting.
US20040243920A1 (en) * 2003-05-29 2004-12-02 Kabushiki Kaisha Toshiba Document input/output journal management system and method
JP3800320B2 (en) * 2001-08-01 2006-07-26 セイコーエプソン株式会社 Server to monitor the printing system and printing business
JP3624947B2 (en) * 2001-10-10 2005-03-02 セイコーエプソン株式会社 The method for obtaining a color printout of a print system and as desired
US20020198743A1 (en) 2002-12-26 Network architecture and management system for conducting insurance activities on a network
US20020051164A1 (en) 2002-05-02 Application charging system, information processing apparatus, and control method therefor and memory medium storing program therefor
G07F7/00—Mechanisms actuated by objects other than coins to free or to actuate vending, hiring, coin or paper currency dispensing or refunding apparatus
G07F7/08—Mechanisms actuated by objects other than coins to free or to actuate vending, hiring, coin or paper currency dispensing or refunding apparatus by coded identity card or credit card or other personal identification means
G07F7/0866—Mechanisms actuated by objects other than coins to free or to actuate vending, hiring, coin or paper currency dispensing or refunding apparatus by coded identity card or credit card or other personal identification means by active credit-cards adapted therefor
G07F7/02—Mechanisms actuated by objects other than coins to free or to actuate vending, hiring, coin or paper currency dispensing or refunding apparatus by keys or other credit registering devices
G07F7/025—Mechanisms actuated by objects other than coins to free or to actuate vending, hiring, coin or paper currency dispensing or refunding apparatus by keys or other credit registering devices by means, e.g. cards, providing billing information at the time of purchase, e.g. identification of seller or purchaser, quantity of goods delivered or to be delivered
A mobile communication device includes a token repository for securely storing one or more tokens. The tokens are electronic or software objects that may represent, for example, coupons, tickets, electronic money, a membership card, an identification card, a doctor's appointment or a meeting. A token may be purchased from a token issuer or may be received for free. Tokens may be received automatically in accordance with a policy manger of the device. A token is checked-in over a secure communication link established with the token issuer. At the time of use, the token may be checked-out over a secure communication link established with a token processor. The device includes a communication interface to establish the secure communication links with token issuers and token processors in accordance with one or more wireless communication techniques. The device may also include a security processor to enforce and implement security requirements of checking in, storing and checking out tokens.
The present invention pertains to electronic communications, and in particular, to mobile communication devices that store electronic tokens, and in one embodiment, to mobile communication devices that store electronic token representing tickets and coupons. [0001]
Persons attending an event such as a concert, play, or sporting event typically purchase tickets in advance. Tickets are usually available at the venue's box office and through ticket distributors in coordination with the hosting venue and the event promoter. Tickets are also usually available through ticket outlets, ticket brokers, telephone sales, remote ticket printing applications, ticket kiosks and Internet web sites. Current ticket distribution systems rely on the paper upon which tickets are printed under the assumption that the ticket is very difficult to duplicate. Some conventional ticket distribution systems rely on a mail service to deliver the tickets. The ticket collectors visually verify the tickets'authenticity and then may physically alter the tickets to prevent their re-use. Because issued tickets have monetary value, there are many difficulties and risks associated with conventional tickets and conventional ticket distribution systems. Persons risk losing the tickets or having the tickets stolen and used by an unauthorized person. One problem with conventional tickets is that there is generally no connection between the individual purchasing the ticket and the ticket itself, allowing an unauthorized person to easily use a stolen ticket. Another problem with conventional tickets and conventional ticket distribution systems is that if an event is rescheduled or cancelled, tickets may have to be re-issued and the ticket holder is not easily notified. Another problem with conventional ticket distribution is that tickets may be lost in the mail. Electronic tickets have reduced some of these problems with conventional tickets and ticket distribution systems, but have created some additional burdens, such as waiting in line at the time of use to verify a person's identity. [0002]
In addition to tickets, many people also carry other items of monetary value, such as coupons, that are, for example, printed on paper. Coupons are good for many things including discounts and services and conventionally come in paper form. Like tickets, many coupons are generally not permitted to be reproduced. In addition to their risk of loss, one difficulty with conventional coupons and coupon distribution methods is that conventional coupons are difficult for persons to manage and keep track of. It's not uncommon for someone shopping in a grocery store to carry a large file of coupons and have to sort through them to determine what they are applicable to. In addition, it is especially burdensome and requires personal discipline to eliminate expired coupons from the file. Another problem with conventional coupons is that they are generally transferable allowing any holder to use the coupon. Another problem with conventional coupons is that complex coupons are difficult to implement. For example, a coupon that requires the purchase of one or more certain products to receive a third product at no cost is difficult to track and manage. Another problem with conventional coupons is that they are difficult to process quickly and generally do not provide any marketing information about the user. Further, the user generally retains no information regarding use of the coupon after its use. Another problem with conventional coupons is that once they are issued, they are difficult to revoke. [0003]
The disadvantages of conventional tickets and coupons, and conventional ticket and coupon distribution systems also apply to other items of monetary value including money itself. Money in the form of coins and paper is easily lost and once lost, may be used by any person.[0004]
The appended claims are directed to some of the various embodiments of the present invention. However, the detailed description presents a more complete understanding of the present invention when considered in connection with the figures, wherein like reference numbers refer to similar items throughout the figures and: [0005]
FIG. 1 is a functional block diagram illustrating an operational environment of an embodiment of the present invention; [0006]
FIG. 2 is a functional block diagram of a mobile communication device in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention; [0007]
FIG. 3 illustrates an example of a token in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention; [0008]
FIG. 4 is a flow chart of a token check-in procedure in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention; and [0009]
FIG. 5 is a flow chart of a token checkout procedure in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention.[0010]
The following description and the drawings illustrate specific embodiments of the invention sufficiently to enable those skilled in the art to practice it. Other embodiments may incorporate structural, logical, electrical, process, and other changes. Examples merely typify possible variations. Individual components and functions are optional unless explicitly required, and the sequence of operations may vary. Portions and features of some embodiments may be included in or substituted for those of others. The scope of the invention encompasses the full ambit of the claims and all available equivalents. [0011]
Many people today carry one or more mobile communication devices, such as a personal digital assistant (PDA), a laptop and portable computer with wireless or wireline communication capability, a web tablet, a wireless telephone, a pager, or an instant messaging device. Although these devices serve a primary purpose, many have (or are easily configured to have) memory and processing capabilities that allow such devices to serve other purposes. For example, it may be desirable for such devices to receive, store and provide, for example, tokens representing tickets and/or coupons in a secure manner reducing some of the disadvantages of conventional tickets and coupons, and conventional ticket and coupon distribution systems, as well reducing the risks of carrying other items that may have monetary value. [0012]
FIG. 1 is a functional block diagram illustrating an operational environment of an embodiment of the present invention. During token check-in, token issuer [0013] 102 provides token 104 to mobile communication device 106. One or more tokens 104 may be stored in token repository 114. During check-in, secure communication link 116 may be established between token issuer 102 and device 106. At checkout, device 106 may provide one of tokens 104 to token processor 110. During checkout, secure communication link 118 may be established between device 106 and token processor 110.
Token [0014] 104 may be an electronic or software object, and may have some monetary value. Token 104 may, for example, represent tickets, coupons, and/or electronic money. Tickets may include, for example, airline tickets, movie tickets, event tickets, and conference tickets. Coupons may be used for a product or service, for example. Coupons may be good for a predetermined number of items, such as for cups of coffee, for a percentage discount for purchases, or for receiving of a particular item or service. Coupons may be for particular stores or vendors or may be applicable to many stores or vendors. Electronic money may be suitable for mobile commerce (e.g., M-commerce) and point of sale (POS) transactions. Electronic money may take many forms including, for example, electronic travelers checks and gift certificates. Tokens 104 may also represent membership cards, identification cards, a doctor's appointment or meeting. Token 104 may be generally categorized as being in either an incremental-use class, a one time use class or unlimited use class. The incremental-use class includes tokens that are good for more than a one-time use and may include a counter that is decremented or incremented with each use. The one-time use class includes tokens that are good for only one use and are invalid after their use. The unlimited use class may allow for unlimited use of a token (e.g., a coupon that provides a percentage discount) and may have an expiration date. In one example, tokens in the one-time use class may be incremented when a user purchases a particular produce or service and may permit the token holder to receive a free product or service after a predetermined number of such product/service purchases.
Token [0015] 104 may also provide the functionality of membership cards and identification badges. In one embodiment, token 104 may include appointment related information for an appointment such as a doctor's appointment, an interview, or a meeting. In the case of a medical appointment, token 104 may include medical records, authorizations and approvals. In the case of an interview or meeting, token 104 may include location, direction, meeting or interview schedule, and other information pertinent to the interview or meeting.
Mobile communication device [0016] 106 may be a portable electronic communication device capable of wireless and/or wireline communications with third parties. By way of example, device 106 may be a personal digital assistant (PDA), a laptop and portable computer with wireless or wireline communication capability, a web tablet, a wireless telephone, a pager, an instant messaging device, an MP3 player, a digital camera or other devices that may receive and/or transmit information including a general purpose processing device.
Token issuer [0017] 102 may be a device configured to communicate with device 106. Token issuer 102 may be a terminal operated by a third party having the authority to issue tokens 104. Examples of such third parties may include ticket providers, coupon providers, banks and credit unions. Token processor 110 may be a device configured to receive a token 104 from device 106 and may be located where a token may be used. For example, token processor 110 may be located at an entrance to a sporting event for receipt of tokens that represent tickets for the event. Token processor 110 may also be located, for example, at a store that provides goods or services for accepting tokens that represent coupons. Token issuer 102 and token processor 110 may include, for example, a kiosk, computer terminal, ATM terminal, a cash register, or a mobile communication device. In one embodiment, token issuer 102 and token processor 110 may include POS terminals.
In one embodiment, token issuer [0018] 102 may be a computer terminal, such as the user's home or office computer that may communicate over a network, such as an intranet or the Internet, with entities that wish to issue token 104. For example, a user may access a Web site using a personal computer, complete a form, pay for a ticket and receive a token on the personal computer. The user may transfer the token from the personal computer to the user's device 106, such as a PDA. The user takes the PDA to the venue for which the ticket applies and at the venue, the user's PDA may be interrogated at the entrance permitting entrance to the event. The interrogation may include updating the token with date, time and entrance information. Update information related to the token, such as directions for getting to seat assignments, or schedule revisions, may also be made available to the user's PDA at this time.
In one embodiment, token issuer [0019] 102 and token processor 110 may be the same device or may be co-located. For example, a token may be purchased at a coffee shop from a token issuer. The token may be updated each time a user purchases a particular item or service (e.g., a cup of coffee) at which time a token processor updates token 104. After a certain number of purchases, the user may be entitled to a free item or service.
Communication links [0020] 116 and 118 may be any wireless or wireline communication link including a wireless local area network (WLAN) link or a personal area network (PAN) link. Examples of links 116 and 118 include a wireless communication link in accordance with a Bluetooth standard, an infrared data link which may be in accordance with the Infrared Data Association (IRDA) standard, a wireless communication link in accordance the IEEE 802.11a standard, the IEEE 802.11b standard, or the IEEE 802.11g standard, and a wireless communication link in accordance with a home-RF standard such as the Home-RF Working Group (HRFWG) standard. Device 106 may include hardware and software interfaces to provide communication capability over one or more of these links with token issuer 102 and token processor 110. In one embodiment, communication links 116 and 118 may operate over short distances (e.g., less than 100 feet) and may be substantially line-of-site communications. In this embodiment, token issuer 102 and token processor 110 should be in-proximity to device 106 for establishment of a communication link. Device 106 may communicate with other devices through, for example, peer-to-peer communications.
Token repository [0021] 114 is a storage location within device 106 for securely storing one or more tokens 104. Token repository may be a memory element including, for example, any form of random access memory (RAM), a disk or hard drive, or an optical storage device.
In addition to performing a primary function such as telecommunications, messaging, or computing that is normally associated with device [0022] 106, in accordance with embodiments of the present invention, device 106 may serve as a token repository. For example, device 106 may receive a token representing an admission ticket to an event and may provide the token upon entering the event. Device 106 may receive a token representing coupon that may be used, for example, when purchasing a product. In one embodiment, tokens that represent coupons may be automatically received by device 106 when permitted by a policy manager. For example, a token issuer may automatically wish to provide coupons for a store in a mall when the user carrying device 106 is in or nearby the mall.
In one embodiment, back-end operations [0023] 120 may be performed to coordinate the issuance and use of tokens as well as track issued tokens. One or more third parties, depending on how responsibilities have been allocated for issuing, using and tracking tokens, may provide back-end operations 120. Many different token issuers 102 and many different token processors 110 may communicate with each other and with back-end operations 120 over communication links 112. Communication links 112 represent any form of communication method. Back-end operations 120 may retain a record of all issued tokens and may indicate to token processors when, for example, to revoke a token. Back-end operations 120 may also provide token issuers 102 and token processors 110 with the authority and information required for the check-in and check-out of tokens as described herein.
FIG. 2 is a functional block diagram of a mobile communication device in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. Mobile communication device [0024] 200 may be suitable for use as device 106 (FIG. 1) although other devices are also suitable. Device 200 may receive a token during token check-in and allow for the use of a token during token checkout. Device 200 may include communication interface 202 to communicate with one or more communication networks (e.g., cellular telephone or wireless communication networks). Communication interface 202 may also communicate with token issuers and token processors as described herein. Device 200 also includes a communications processor 204 for implementing one or more communications applications 206 depending on the functionality of device 200. For example, device 200 may have PDA applications, instant messaging applications, and/or wireless phone applications. Device 200 may also include an I/O and display 208 for receiving user inputs and providing information to the user. The combination of communication interface 202, communications processor 204, applications 206 and display 208 permit device 200 to serve its primary purpose (e.g., to function as a PDA, a laptop and portable computer, a web tablet, a wireless telephone, a pager, an instant messaging device, an MP3 player, a digital camera or a general purpose processing device).
Device [0025] 200 also includes repository subsystem 210 for securely checking in and checking out tokens. Repository subsystem 210 may include security processor 212 for performing token check-in and check-out operations. Security processor 212 may also securely store tokens 216 in token repository 214 and securely access tokens 216 as stored therein. Token repository 214 may store many tokens 216, and in one embodiment, may store several hundred or more tokens therein. Token repository 214 is suitable as token repository 114 of device 106 (FIG. 1). Repository subsystem 210 may include key storage element 218 for storing security keys for use in token check-in and check-out operations. Repository subsystem 210 may also include biometric storage element 220 which may securely store personal identification numbers (PINs) and/or biometrics of one or more particular users authorized to check-in and check-out tokens using device 200. Repository subsystem 210 may also include policy manager 220 for implementing policy management settings for receipt and use of tokens 216. Policy manager 220 may permit, for example, automatic receipt of certain types of tokens, or may require user concurrence before acceptance of tokens. Policy manager 220 may also expire tokens, organize tokens, revoke tokens and provide password protection for tokens. In one embodiment, policy manager 220 may operate differently on tokens depending on a token's context, for example, depending on location and/or time/date that the token is issued or processed.
In one embodiment, token repository [0026] 214 may be located on a removable module (such as a smart card) to allow a user to use tokens stored in token repository 214 on different mobile communication devices. In this embodiment, policy management information, keys, PIN and biometrics may also be securely stored on such a removable module, and may permit transfer of tokens between devices. In one embodiment, token repository 214 may be accessible over a network, such as the Internet, allowing access by multiple devices. In another embodiment, tokens may be stored in a data-store accessible on a LAN. Token repository 214 may also be located on a memory card, such as a compact flash memory card, a hard drive or diskette.
Device [0027] 200 may discover other communication devices including token issuer 102 (FIG. 1) and token processor 110 (FIG. 1), through, for example, an ad-hoc discovery process. Communication interface 202 may be comprised of transceivers for providing communications in accordance with one or more various communication formats including wireless network physical layers that may include wireless local area network (WLAN) protocols and/or wireless personal area network (WPAN) protocols. For example, interface 202 may include a Bluetooth transceiver to provide digital communications in accordance with a Bluetooth standard. Interface 202 may also include transceivers to respectively provide digital communications in accordance the IEEE 802.11a standard, the IEEE 802.11b standard, and/or the IEEE 802.11g standard. Interface 202 may also include an infrared transceiver to support an infrared serial data link, which for example, may be in accordance with the Infrared Data Association (IrDA) standard. Interface 202 may also include a home-RF transceiver to provide a digital communication link in accordance with a Home-RF standard. Interface 202 may also include other wireless transceivers for providing wireless communications in accordance with other wireless connectivity protocols.
In one embodiment, communication interface [0028] 202 includes functional elements to communicate in accordance with many different communication techniques allowing communication device 200 to check-in a token from a token issuer whose communications are restricted to one particular communication technique, as well as allowing communication device 200 to check-out a token with a token processor whose communications may be restricted to another one particular communication technique, for example. This permits communications with different and/or incompatible token issuers and token processors.
FIG. 3 illustrates an example of a token in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. Token [0029] 300 may be suitable for use as token 104 (FIG. 1) although other tokens may be suitable. Token 300 may include descriptor field 302 indicating what the token represents. Descriptor field 302 may indicate that the token is a ticket, a coupon, or electronic money, and may indicate the class of the token. Descriptor field 302 may also include other details to help a user understand what the token represents. Token 300 may also include access control list (ACL) 304 which may list entities permitted to access the token, as well as the privileges associated with each entity. For example, ACL 304 may allow an entity to query whether a particular token exists, to read a field of the token, to read token data, to transfer the token, to update a token field, to update token data, and to invalidate the token.
Token [0030] 300 may also include field 306 for storing a number, such as a serial number, which may be used to uniquely identify the token from other tokens having the same description. Token 300 may also include counter field 308 for storing a value that may be incremented or decremented by the token processor during use of the token at checkout. In one embodiment, the entity authorized to perform the incrementing or decrementing of field 308 may be identified in ACL 304. Token 300 may also include reception date field 310 to indicate the date the token was created and received by the device. Token 300 may also include validity date field 312 to store validity dates for the token. In one embodiment, device 200 (FIG. 2) may automatically archive any tokens 216 that have expired. Token 300 may also include depositor identity (ID) field 314 to store an identity of the token issuer. For example, when the token represents a ticket to an event, the token issuer may be a ticket sales agency.
Token [0031] 300 may also include a signature field 316 to store, for example, one or more digital signatures. The digital signatures stored in field 316 may include one or more digital signatures of certain fields of the token to allow the system to determine if the token has been tampered with.
Token [0032] 300 may also include token data field 318 to store data relevant to the token. For example, token data field 318, in the case of a ticket, may include ticket information such as date, time, and place if applicable, the name of the event, who the ticket was issued to, and for how much. It may also include information such as how to get to the location of the event, how to get to parking near the event, etc. The vendor issuing the ticket may embed information of its choice into this field. For example, token data field 318, in the case of a coupon, may include information about the product(s) for which the coupon is valid, as well as the value of the coupon to the user. It may also include information about where the coupon was acquired, and where it may be or was used. For example, token data field 318, in the case of a membership card, may include information about where the card was issued, where it has been used, and for what, and where additional membership information can be found (e.g., on the Internet through an URL).
Token [0033] 300 may also include transaction log field 320 to store a record of any transactions involving token 300. For example, transaction log field 320 may include a record of each time the token is accessed by an entity on ACL 304. For certain tokens, transaction log field 320 may record information pertaining to each time field 308 is accessed. For example, transaction log field 320 may include records of changes made to the ACL, including information about who made the change, what the change was, and when it was made. The transaction log may include information about accesses to the token based on the token access control described by the ACL; the information may include who made the access, associated ACL entries, the access type, what was accessed, when the access was made, and other access-related information.
Each field of token [0034] 300 except for the token data field 318 may be of a defined format. Token data field 318 may be an opaque data type. In the case of the defined format fields, the token repository software may be able to manipulate the fields in well-defined ways. For example, it may construct a list of tokens of a particular type by interrogating the token type in the descriptor field of each token. In another example, the software may construct a list of currently valid tokens by interrogating the validity date field(s). In another example, the software may list all tokens associated with a specific depositor by interrogating the Depositor ID field of each token. In the case of the opaque data field, (e.g., token data 318) the information may be in a token-specific format. That information may be meant to be interpreted by software associated with the token itself. For instance, if it is a coupon token for a specific vendor's product, which is issued by a specific coupon servicing company, software from the coupon servicing company may be responsible for defining, storing and interpreting the token data 318. It may be up to that software to determine how, when, and what data in token data 318 field to expose to the user through a user interface. The token issuer, for example, may encrypt the token data field prior to token check-in. The encryption may be intended to prevent other entities from reading the token contents. In one embodiment of the present invention, token 300 may be wrapped with user security 322 when stored in a mobile communication device. User security 322, for example, may include secure storage of the token to prevent use by another user.
FIG. 4 is a flow chart of a token check-in procedure in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. A mobile communication device, such as device [0035] 100 (FIG. 1) may perform procedure 400 although other devices are also suitable. A mobile communication device may implement procedure 400 to check-in one or more tokens for subsequent use. Although the individual operations of procedure 400 are illustrated and described as separate operations, one or more of the individual operations may be performed concurrently and nothing necessarily requires that the operations be performed in the order illustrated. In some embodiments however, some operations must be performed in a specific order.
Operation [0036] 402 performs discovery process in which the token issuer and mobile communication device (MCD) may automatically discover the presence of each other. As part of operation 402, the communication parameters of both parties (i.e., the token issuer and MCD having a token repository) may be identified to permit communications therebetween. Operation 402 may include an indication by the MCD that it is able to accept tokens (e.g., that contains a token repository “service”).
Once the two entities have discovered each other, operation [0037] 404 may be performed. In operation 404, the token issuer may initiate a connection with token repository service software on the MCD. In operation 406, either a user of the MCD or policy manager 408 on the MCD may determine whether or not to accept the token repository service connection with the token issuer. If the connection is not accepted in operation 406, operation 410 is performed in which the token check-in process may be aborted.
When the connection is accepted in operation [0038] 406, operation 412 is performed. In operation 412, a token check-in request is received from the token issuer. The token check-in request message may include a brief description of the token or may indicate a category of the token. The description of the token may also include a cost for receiving the token.
Operation [0039] 414 determines whether or not the mobile communication device desires to accept the token identified in the token check-in request message. Operation 414 may check with policy manager 408 of the device to determine when the user desires to automatically receive such a token. Operation 414 may also query the user to determine if the user desires to receive the token. In the later case, operation 414 may prompt the user with a sound and may display at least a portion of the description of the token or a token category for the user. The user may be asked to indicate whether he/she wishes to receive the token with, for example, a voice command or keyboard entry.
When it is determined in operation [0040] 414 not to accept the token check-in request, operation 416 is performed in which the token check-in request is rejected and a token rejection message may be sent to the token issuer.
When it is determined in operation [0041] 414 to accept the token check-in request, operation 418 is performed and a token acknowledgement message may be sent to the token issuer. The acknowledgement message may be sent over a communication link whose parameters were established during discovery operation 402. In operation 418, secure communication between the token issuer and the MCD may be established to transfer data associated with the token checkin transaction. Operation 418 may establish a secure communication link, such as link 116 (FIG. 1) between the token issuer and the device.
One purpose of the secure communication link is to prevent use and/or access of the token by an unauthorized third party that may intercept the communications. Any of several secure communication set-up procedures may be used to establish the secure communication link. The secure communication link may provide for packet encryption as well as authentication, may use asymmetric and/or symmetric cryptographic techniques, and may utilize one or more keys stored within the device. For example, a secure-socket layer (SSL) or key exchange procedure may be implemented as part of operation [0042] 418. In one embodiment, the user of the mobile communication device may be required to authenticate him or her self by providing a biometric or PIN. For example, the user's voice may be authenticated through a speaker verification process, or the user may provide a fingerprint for verification.
Operation [0043] 418 may include authenticating the token issuer, which may include one or more authentication techniques including verification of a digital signature of the token issuer. In this case, the mobile communication device may use a public key of the token issuer to verify the digital signature. In one embodiment, operation 418 may include sending a form of payment to the token issuer. A credit card number or bank account number may be sent to the token issuer authorizing payment for the token. In one embodiment, the user may be asked to verify the amount of payment as part of operation 418. The payment information may be securely stored within the mobile communication device. In one embodiment, operation 418 may include receiving an electronic receipt for the payment.
In operation [0044] 420, the token is constructed. As part of operation 420, the token issuer and MCD may engage in transactions resulting in the construction of a token. Certain fields of the token may be secured with some form of security depending on the type of token and anticipated use of the token. For example, the entire token and/or particular fields of the token may be digitally signed (e.g., with a key of the token issuer) to prevent tampering. Other particular fields may be concealed, for example, with encryption. Token 300 (FIG. 3) is an example of a suitable token, although other tokens are also suitable.
In operation [0045] 422, the MCD securely stores the token. Operation 422 may securely store the token within a token repository, such as repository 214 (FIG. 2) of the device. Operation 422 may involve adding additional security to the token by a security processor such as security processor 212 (FIG. 2). For example, access and use of the token may be restricted to authorized users which may be defined, for example, in an access control list field of the token. The token may be encrypted by the user's encryption key. In one embodiment, when the token is stored, operation 422 may include updating the token's transaction log to indicate the date and time of receipt of the token. Once the token is checked-in, operation 424 may terminate the secure communication link established in operation 418.
After the secure communication link has been terminated in operation [0046] 424, or the token check-in request was rejected in operation 416, operation 426 may be performed. Operation 426 determines if the token issuer has more tokens to be checked in. When operation 426 determines that there are no more tokens to be checked in, operation 428 may terminate the connection established in operation 406, and the token-check in procedure is complete.
When operation [0047] 426 determines that there are more tokens to be checked in, (e.g., the token issuer has more tokens for the MCD) operations 412 through 424 may be repeated for another token until all tokens are checked in.
In one embodiment, all or portions of procedure [0048] 400 may be performed automatically without substantial intervention by the user. In this embodiment, the cost of the token may have been presented to the user as part of operation 414. Alternatively, the user of the device may provide payment to the token issuer by a way external to the device. For example, the user may pay cash or provide a credit card directly to the token issuer. In one embodiment, the token issuer may be accessed over the Internet by a computer in communication with the device. In this embodiment, the user may input payment information into the computer. In this embodiment, the token providing device may be the user's home computer operating in-proximity to the device. In some situations, there may be no cost associated with receipt of the token (e.g., free coupons or free tickets).
FIG. 5 is a flow chart of a token check-out procedure in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. A mobile communication device, such as device [0049] 200 (FIG. 2) may perform procedure 500 although other devices are also suitable. Procedure 500 may be implemented between a mobile communication device and token processor to check-out a token at time of use. Token check-out includes any use of a token including updating tokens in the incremental-use class. Although the individual operations of procedure 500 are illustrated and described as separate operations, one or more of the individual operations may be performed concurrently and nothing necessarily requires that the operations be performed in the order illustrated. In some embodiments however, some operations must be performed in a specific order.
Operation [0050] 502 performs discovery process in which the token processor and mobile communication device (MCD) may automatically discover the presence of each other. As part of operation 502, the communication parameters of both parties (i.e., the token processor and MCD having a token repository) may be identified to permit communications therebetween. Operation 502 may include an indication by the MCD that it contains a token repository “service” and is able to check out tokens.
Once the two entities have discovered each other, operation [0051] 504 may be performed. In operation 504, the token processor may initiate a connection with token repository service software on the MCD. In operation 506, either a user of the MCD or policy manager 508 on the MCD may determine whether or not to accept the token repository service connection with the token processor for token check-out. If the connection is not accepted in operation 506, operation 510 is performed in which the token check-out process may be aborted.
When the connection for token check-out is accepted in operation [0052] 506, operation 512 is performed. In operation 512, a token check-out request is received from the token processor. In one embodiment, the token check-out request message may identify the particular token.
Operation [0053] 514 determines whether or not the mobile communication device will allow check out of a particular token by the token processor. In one embodiment, operation 514 includes the token processor and MCD performing transactions to identify, which token the token processor, would like to check out. Operation 514 may check with policy manager 508 of the device to determine when the user desires to automatically check-out such a token. Operation 514 may also query the user to determine if the user desires to check-out the token. In the later case, operation 514 may prompt the user with a sound and may display at least a portion of the description of the token or a token category for the user. The user may be asked to indicate whether he/she wishes the token processor to checkout the token.
As part of operation [0054] 514, the token repository service may use the token's ACL 515 to determine which functions and/or privileges the token processor is allowed to perform. For example, depending on the class of the token, a token processor may only be allowed to read the token, to verify the token's presence, to decrement/increment a counter in the token, and/or to delete or invalidate the token.
When it is determined in operation [0055] 514 not to accept the token check-out request, operation 516 is performed in which the token check-out request is rejected and a token check-out rejection message may be sent to the token processor.
When it is determined in operation [0056] 514 to accept the token check-out request, operation 518 is performed and a token check-out request acknowledgement message may be sent to the token processor. The acknowledgement message may be sent over a communication link whose parameters were established during discovery operation 502. In operation 518, secure communication between the token processor and the MCD may be established to transfer data associated with the token check-out transaction. Operation 518 may establish a secure communication link, such as link 116 (FIG. 1) between the token processor and the device. Operation 518 may also include authenticating the token processor.
After the secure communication link is established in operation [0057] 518, the token check-out request is performed in operation 520. As part of operation 520, the token processor may engage in transactions. Operation 520 may also include updating the transaction log of the token. For each transaction, a transaction log entry may be added to the token. As appropriate, depending on the token checkout transaction initiated by the token processor, token related information may be returned from the MCD token repository service to the token processor.
In operation [0058] 522, the MCD securely updates the token based on the transactions of operation 520. Operation 522 may securely update the token within a token repository, such as repository 214 (FIG. 2) of the device. In one embodiment, when the token is stored, operation 522 may include updating the token's transaction log to indicate the date and time of check-out of the token. Once the token is checked-out, operation 524 may terminate the secure communication link established in operation 518.
After the secure communication link has been terminated in operation [0059] 524, or the token check-out request was rejected in operation 516, operation 526 may be performed. Operation 526 determines if the token processor has more token check-out requests. When operation 526 determines that there are no more token check-out requests, operation 528 may terminate the connection established in operation 506, and the token check-out procedure is complete.
When operation [0060] 526 determines that there are more token check-out requests, (e.g., the token processor desires to check out additional tokens from the MCD) operations 512 through 524 may be repeated for another token until all tokens are checked out.
After the performance of operation [0061] 528, the user of the mobile communication device may receive value for the checking out of the token. For example, the user may receive a product or service for the token. For example, when the token represents a coupon, the user may receive the value for what the coupon was for. For example, when the token represents an admission ticket, the user may be admitted to the event.
In one embodiment, all or portions of procedure [0062] 500 may be performed automatically without substantial intervention by the user. In one embodiment, most or all of procedure 500 may be performed automatically allowing a user to simply carry his or her mobile communication device and automatically check-out the token. For example, in the case of a token representing a ticket, a user may carry the device through an entrance of an event and be checked through automatically. For example, in the case of a token representing a coupon, the user may carry the device through a check-out line and the coupon may be used automatically.
In one embodiment, the user of the MCD may be authenticated prior to token check-out. In this embodiment, when the token processor or user desires to check-out the token, operation [0063] 514 may receive a biometric or PIN to authenticate the user of the device. In another embodiment, the token processor may be authenticated. In this embodiment, operation 514 may include verifying the identity of the token processor with any one or more authentication methods including the use of digital signature. Operation 514 may, for example, include verifying that the token processor is on ACL 515 of the token.
The foregoing description of specific embodiments reveals the general nature of the invention sufficiently that others can, by applying current knowledge, readily modify and/or adapt it for various applications without departing from the generic concept. Therefore such adaptations and modifications are within the meaning and range of equivalents of the disclosed embodiments. The phraseology or terminology employed herein is for the purpose of description and not of limitation. Accordingly, the invention embraces all such alternatives, modifications, equivalents and variations as fall within the spirit and broad scope of the appended claims. [0064]
establishing a first secure communication link with a token issuer to receive a token, the token being an electronic object;
establishing a second secure communication link with a token processor to collect information from the token or deposit information to the token.
4. The method of claim 2 wherein responding includes prompting a user of the mobile communication device to indicate whether the user desires to receive the token, the prompting including displaying at least a portion of the description of the token.
6. The method of claim 1 wherein the token processor provides either a product or service to a user in response to collection of information from the token.
receiving a token check-out message from the token processor requesting whether the user of the mobile communication device desires to check-out the token; and
allowing access to the token by the token processor when the identity of the token processor is authenticated and when the biometric authenticates the user.
a security processor to provide first secure communications with a token issuer for receiving the token and to provide second secure communications with a token processor for either collection of information from or deposit of information to the token.
11. The device of claim 10 wherein the at least one token represents either a ticket or a coupon, and the device further comprises a communications interface to communicate over a first secure communication link with the token issuer, the first secure communication link established by the security processor.
12. The device of claim 11 wherein the communication interface communicates over a second secure communication link with the token processor for checking-out the token, the second secure communication link being established by the security processor, wherein the token processor provides either a product or service to a user in response to receipt of information collected from the token.
13. The device of claim 10 further comprising a policy manager to permit the device to automatically receive the token based on a description of the token without user intervention.
14. The device of claim 12 further comprising a biometric storage element to store biometric data for a user of the device, wherein the security processor authenticates the user prior to establishing the second secure communication link.
15. The device of claim 12 further comprising a key storage element to store a security key for use in establishing the first and second secure communication links.
a security processor to establish a first secure communication link with a token issuer to receive a token, and to establish a second secure communication link with a token processor for use of the token, the token being an electronic object; and
17. The system of claim 16 further comprising a communications processor to receive a token check-in request message from the token issuer requesting whether a mobile communication device desires to receive the token, the mobile request message including a description of the token,
19. The system of claim 16 wherein the security processor prompts the user to indicate whether the user desires to receive the token and displays at least a portion of the description of the token.
US8078483B1 (en) 2003-12-16 2011-12-13 Ticketmaster Systems and methods for queuing access to network resources
EP2877968A4 (en) * 2012-07-24 2016-01-06 Infosys Ltd A method, system, and computer-readable medium for providing a near field secure electronic token transaction
US10102516B2 (en) 2004-12-07 2018-10-16 Ewi Holdings, Inc. Transaction processing platform for facilitating electronic distribution of plural prepaid services
US7865379B2 (en) 2005-03-22 2011-01-04 Ticketmaster Computer-implemented systems and methods for resource allocation
A61K8/19—Cosmetics or similar toilet preparations characterised by the composition containing inorganic ingredients
A61K8/965—Cosmetics or similar toilet preparations characterised by the composition containing materials, or derivatives thereof of undetermined constitution of inanimate origin
A61Q11/00—Preparations for care of the teeth, of the oral cavity or of dentures; Dentifrices, e.g. toothpastes; Mouth rinses
This application is a continuation-in-part of U.S. patent applications Ser. Nos. 09/935,922; 09/935,920; 09/935,921; 09/935,910, each filed 23 Aug. 2001, and entitled respectively, “Physical improvements in coated monofilament dental tapes”; “Monofilament dental tapes with substantive coatings”; “Non-crystalline saliva soluble coatings for elastomeric monofilament tapes”; and ”Monofilament dental tapes with soft abrasive coatings.” This application is copending with U.S. patent applications Ser. Nos. 10/______ and 10/______ (Docket Nos. 5369/00026 and 5369/00027), each filed on the same date as this application and entitled, respectively, “Coated Multifilament Dental Devices Overcoated with Imbedded Particulate” and “Coated Micromesh Dental Devices Overcoated with Imbedded Particulate. The disclosures of these applications are hereby incorporated herein by reference.
Dental floss is defined in Webster's New World Dictionary, 1983, as“ . . . thread for removing food particles between the teeth.”
The concept of using dental floss for cleansing interproximal spaces appears to have been introduced by Parmly in 1819, Practical Guide to the Management of Teeth, Cullins & Croft Philadelphia, Pa. Numerous types of floss were developed and used for cleaning interproximal and subgingival surfaces, until finally in 1948 Bass established the optimum characteristics of dental floss, Dental Items of Interest, 70, 921-34 (1948).
Bass cautioned that dental floss treated with sizing, binders and/or wax produces a “cord” effect as distinguished from the desired “spread filament effect”. This cord effect reduces flossing efficiency dramatically and visually eliminates splaying (i.e., the flattening and spreading out of filaments) necessary to achieve the required interproximal and subgingival mechanical cleaning. This cleaning is then required to be followed by the entrapment and removal of debris, plaque and microscopic materials from interproximal spaces by the “spread” floss as it is removed from between teeth.
Proper use of dental floss is necessary to clean the considerable surface area on the interproximal surfaces of teeth, which cannot usually be reached by other cleaning methods or agents, e.g., the bristles of a toothbrush, the swishing action of a rinse, or by the pulsating stream from an oral irrigator.
(1) dislodge and remove any decomposing food material, debris, etc., that has accumulated at the interproximal surfaces, which could not be removed by other oral hygiene means, and
(2) dislodge and remove as much as possible the growth of bacterial material (plaque, tartar, calculus) that had accumulated there since the previous cleaning.
(1) Physical removal of stains, plaque and tartar. This is accomplished in the strongest sense by scraping and abrasion in the dentist's office. Self administered procedures are required frequently between visits and range from tooth brushing with an appropriate abrasive toothpaste through flossing and water jet action down to certain abrasive foods and even the action of the tongue against tooth surfaces.
(2) Surfactant Cleaning. This is required to remove: food debris and staining substances before they adhere to the tooth surface; normal dead cellular (epithelial) material which is continually sloughed off from the surfaces of the oral cavity and microbial degradation products derived from all of the above. Besides the obvious hygienic and health benefits related to simple cleanliness provided by surfactants, there is an important cosmetic and sense-of-well-being benefit provided by surfactant cleansing. Research has shown that the primary source of bad breath is the retention and subsequent degradation of dead cellular material sloughed off continuously by the normal, healthy mouth.
(3) Frequency of Cleansing. This is perhaps the most difficult to provide in today's fast-paced work and social environment. Most people recognize that their teeth should be brushed at least 3 times a day and flossed at least once a day. The simple fact is that most of the population brush once a day, some brush morning and evening, but precious few carry toothbrush and dentifrice to use the other three or four times a day for optimal oral hygiene. Consumer research suggests that the population brushes an average of 1.3 times a day. Most surprising, less than 15% of adults floss regularly. Reasons offered for not flossing: difficult to do, painful, not effective, doesn't seem to do anything, and leaves a bad taste.
Most commercial interproximal devices marketed at the present time contain various coatings of wax or wax like substances that function as: binders for the various multifilament flosses to minimize fraying, lubricants, flavor carriers, and/or fluoride carriers. When added to various monofilament dental tapes, generally at substantially lower levels, wax functions as a lubricant and/or flavor/active ingredient carrier.
An almost universal shortcoming common to most waxed dental flosses and to all coated monofilament dental tapes is the user perception during flossing that the dental floss or dental tape is “not working” and/or “not cleaning”, etc.
In fact, most of these devices have only marginal efficacy with respect to removing biofilms (plaque). Biofllms generally require physical abrasive-type action to be effectively removed. Periodic professional cleaning is a recommended means for effectively controlling biofilm formation.
The classification of plaque as a biofilm is considered a major advance in the development of more effective “self-treatment” oral care products. See the following biofilm references:
Greenstein and Polson, J. Periodontol., May 1998, 69:5:507-520; van Winkelhoff, et al., J. Clin. Periodontol., 1989, 16:128-131; and Wilson, J. Med. Microbiol., 1996, 44:79-87.
Costerton, J. W., Lewandowski, Z., DeBeer, D., Caldwell, D., Korber, D., James, G. Biofilms, the customized microniche. J. Bacteriol., 1994, 176:2137-2142.
Douglass, C. W., Fox, C. H. Cross-sectional studies in periodontal disease: Current status and implications for dental practice. Adv. Dent. Res., 1993, 7:26-31.
Greenstein, G. J., Periodontal response to mechanical non-surgical therapy: A review. Periodontol., 1992, 63:118-130.
Page, R. C., Offenbacher, S., Shroeder, H., Seymour, G. J., Kornman, K. S. Advances in the pathogenesis of periodontitis: Summary of developments, clinical implications and future directions. Periodont. 2000, 1997, 14:216-248.
Papapanou, P. N., Engebretson, S. P., Lamster, I. B. Current and future approaches for diagnosis of periodontal disease. NY State Dent. J., 1999, 32-39.
The present invention is directed to biofilm-responsive, coated monofilament dental tapes suitable for physical-abrasive-type removal, disruption and/or control of biofilms that form on interproximal and/or subgingival tooth surfaces not reachable by brushing or rinsing. The coated monofilament dental tapes of the present invention are overcoated with a particulate abrasive that remains substantive to the monofilament tape base coating until said base coating is released during flossing. During flossing, the particulate abrasive overcoating of the present invention separates from the released base coating to work in conjunction with the dental tape. That is, the released particulate abrasive cooperates with the monofilament dental tape as the tape is being worked interproximally and subgingivally to deliver physical-abrasive-type cleaning, disruption and/or control of biofilms formed on interproximal and subgingival tooth surfaces.
The physical-abrasive-type cleaning, disruption and/or control of biofilms achieved with the particulate abrasive overcoated monofilament dental tapes of the present invention continues until:
The physical-abrasive-type cleaning, disruption and/or control of biofilms with the particulate abrasive overcoated monofilament dental tapes of the present invention can be simultaneously improved further with a chemotherapeutic treatment of the particulate abrasive monofilament tape effected biofilm by various chemotherapeutic substances contained in the base coating and/or in the particulate overcoating, which chemotherapeutic substances are released onto the tooth surfaces during flossing along with the particulate abrasive.
Accordingly, one embodiment of the present invention comprises biofilm-responsive monofilament dental tape devices.
A further embodiment of the present invention comprises coated monofilament dental tape devices with releasable particulate abrasives that are biofilm-responsive during flossing.
Another embodiment of the invention comprises a self-treatment means for routinely removing, disrupting and/or controlling biofilms formed on interproximal and subgingival tooth surfaces.
Still another embodiment of the invention comprises a method for overcoating coated monofilament dental tapes with releasable particulate abrasives of various particle sizes and particle size distributions, in order to remove, disrupt and/or control biofilms.
Yet another embodiment of the invention comprises a method for removing, disrupting and/or controlling biofilms that form on interproximal and subgingival tooth surfaces.
A further embodiment of the invention comprises biofilm-responsive monofilament dental devices overcoated with particulate abrasives and containing a saliva soluble base coating which contains an antimicrobial.
Another embodiment of the invention comprises biofilm-responsive monofilament dental devices overcoated with active particulate abrasives such as whitening and tartar control abrasives.
Still another embodiment of the invention comprises biofilm-responsive monofilament dental devices overcoated with dental particulate abrasives including silica, pumice, alumina, calcium carbonate and dicalcium phosphate dihydrate.
Yet another embodiment of the invention comprises biofilm-responsive, monofilament dental devices overcoated with imbedded particulate abrasives, where said abrasives contain other substances ranging from flavorants, antimicrobials and cleaning substances to mouth conditioners and various pharmaceutical substances.
A further embodiment of the invention comprises improved waxed monofilament dental tapes with an overcoating of imbedded particulate abrasive.
Still another embodiment of the invention comprises improved waxed monofilament dental tapes with overcoatings of imbedded particulate abrasive and saliva soluble particulate substances containing flavorant and mouth conditioning substances.
Another embodiment of the invention comprises improved waxed monofilament dental tapes with an overcoating of imbedded particulate abrasive containing a saliva soluble, substance containing flavorant and mouth conditioners.
Yet another embodiment of the invention comprises a method for improving monofilament dental tapes comprising sequential overcoating of said base coated monofilament dental tapes with two or more particulates having substantially different densities, wherein said various particulates are imbedded into the base coating prior to cooling and solidifying said base coating.
Still another embodiment of the invention comprises improved commercial, emulsion coated monofilament dental tape with an overcoating of imbedded particulate abrasive.
“Monofilament dental devices” are defined as interproximal dental devices such as monofilament dental tape constructed of a single continuous monofilament, which can be extruded, slit from a film, etc. Examples of these devices are described in the following U.S. patents:
Preferred monofilament dental devices include polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE), polyethylene, polypropylene, etc., devices.
“Coatings” for the monofilament dental devices are defined as those substances that coat monofilament dental devices for purposes of: lubrication and ease of tape insertion for carrying flavors and other additives, providing “hand” so the device can be wound around the fingers, etc. Preferred coatings include those emulsion coatings described in the following U.S. Pat. Nos. 4,950,479; 5,032,387; 5,538,667; 5,561,959; and 5,665,374, which are hereby incorporated by reference.
Particularly preferred coatings include those saliva soluble coatings for monofilament dental tapes described and claimed in co-pending U.S. patent applications Ser. Nos. 09/935,922; 09/935,920; 09/935,921 and 09/935,710, all filed on 23 Aug. 2001, which are hereby incorporated by reference. Particularly preferred coatings are the crystal-free coatings described in Tables 8 and 9 below.
“Particulate abrasives” are defined as saliva soluble, semi-soluble and insoluble abrasive substances having a wide range of particle sizes and particle size distribution.
Preferred particulate abrasives include various inorganics such as glass beads, and various organics such as particles of polyethylene, polypropylene, etc.
Particularly preferred inorganic particulate abrasives include various dental abrasives such as: pumice, silica, alumina, silicon dioxide, magnesium oxide, aluminum hydroxide, diatomaceous earth, sodium potassium aluminum silicate, zirconium silicate, calcium carbonate, calcium silicate, fumed silica, hydrated silica, dicalcium phosphate dihydrate, anhydrous dicalcium phosphate, sodium tripolyphosphate, etc. See also Table 1 below.
“Particulate abrasive load” is defined as the percent by weight of particulate abrasive contained on the coated monofilament dental device as a percent by weight of the device. See Tables 1, 2 and 9 below.
“Base coat monofilament device load” is defined as the percent by weight of the base coating contained on the monofilament device as a percent by weight of the coated monofilament device.
“Total coating load” is defined as the percent by weight of the base coating plus the particulate abrasive overcoating contained on the monofilament device as a percent by weight of the device.
PAF grades range from 0 through 4, i.e., imperceptible (0), slightly perceptible (1), perceptible (2), very perceptible (3) and very abrasive (4). See Tables 1, 2 and 9 below. PAF values of about 2 or greater are preferred. PAF values above 3 are particularly preferred.
“Incidental Release Factor (IRF)” is defined as the percent by weight of the particulate abrasive retained on the coated monofilament dental device, when an 18 inch piece of the device is removed from a dispenser and wrapped around two fingers prior to flossing. (See Tables 1, 2 and 9.)
“Biofilm responsive” is defined as the property of particulate abrasives to work cooperatively with monofilament dental tapes and other cleaning and/or chemotherapeutic substances in the base coating to remove, disrupt and/or control biofilms when released from the coated monofilament tapes during flossing.
“Fluidized bed” is defined as a means of converting solid particulate abrasives into an expanded, suspended, solvent-free mass that has many properties of a liquid. This mass of suspended particulate abrasive has zero angle of repose, seeks its own level, while assuming the shape of the containing vessel.
FIG. 1 is a schematic side view of a particulate abrasive overcoating system of the invention suitable for overcoating coated monofilament devices.
FIG. 1 a is a schematic side view of a particulate overcoating system as shown in FIG. 1, with the filter means replaced by fitted with means to recover the particulate overspray that does not contact the monofilament during the overcoating operation.
FIG. 2 is an enlarged top view of the system shown in FIG. 1 showing coated monofilament dental tape passing through the particulate abrasive coating chamber.
FIG. 3 is an expanded side view of a coated monofilament dental device showing a liquid base coating on both sides of the monofilament dental tape prior to entering the particulate abrasive coating chamber.
FIG. 4 is an expanded side view of coated monofilament dental tape showing particulate abrasive impinged onto the liquid base coating as the monofilament dental tape is passing through the particulate abrasive coating chamber.
FIG. 5 is an expanded side view of coated monofilament dental tape showing particulate abrasive adhered to the solidified base coating after the particulate abrasive overcoated, monofilament tape has been passed through a cooling zone (not shown).
FIG. 6 is a schematic side view of an alternative particulate abrasive overcoating system of the present invention suitable for overcoating coated monofilament devices.
FIG. 7 is a schematic side view of another alternative particulate overcoating system of the present invention suitable for overcoating wax-type coated monofilament devices, where the particulate used for overcoating is not detailed.
Referring to FIG. 1 which is a schematic side view of a particulate abrasive overcoating system comprising: particulate abrasive coating system, 1, consisting of fluidized bed means, 2, comprising: fluidized particulate abrasive, 3, membrane, 4, fluidizing air means, 5, stand pipe, 6, in communication with particulate abrasive nozzle means, 7, provided with pump means, 8, which contains nozzle air input means, 9, and pump cleaning means, 10.
Particulate abrasive coating system, 1, is provided with hinged access means, 11 and 15, and filter means, 12, particulate abrasive filling means, 13, and coated elastomeric, monofilament dental tape particulate abrasive coating zone, 14, and coated elastomeric monofilament dental tapes, 15. Filter means, 12, can be assisted by a vacuum cyclone means which capture all unused particulate, 3, overspray and recycles same. This is detailed in FIG. 1 a.
Coated elastomeric monofilament dental tape, 15, with a liquid coating contained thereon, passes through particulate abrasive coating zone, 14, where particulate, 3, is introduced onto the liquid coating on tape, 15, from nozzle means, 7.
Referring to FIG. 1 a, vacuum cyclone means, 60, replaces former filter menas, 12, and is connected to the top of particulate coating system, 1, at juncture 61, via tubing means, 62. Vacuum cyclone means, 60, maintains a slight negative pressure within particulate coating system, 1, by drawing air and some dispersed particulate from coating system, 1, and introducing this air/particulate mixture into vacuum cyclone chamber, 63, where particulate, 3, is introduced into holding means, 64, and the remaining air substantially free from particulate, 3, passes through the top of chamber, 63, through tubing, 65, via motor, 67, into filter means, 66 and 66′. Alternatively, particulate, 3, is captured by collecting means, 68, with air regulator, 69, and returned to particulate coating system, 1, via tubing, 70.
Referring to FIG. 2, which is an enlarged top view of particulate coating system, 1. Elastomeric monofilament dental tape, 15, with liquid base coating, 16, thereon, passes through particulate abrasive coating zone, 14, where particulate abrasive, 3, from nozzle means, 7, is introduced via impinging onto liquid base coating, 16, which is substantive to tape, 15, as tape, 15, passes through particulate coating zone, 14.
Referring to FIG. 3, which is an expanded side view of monofilament tape, 15, showing base liquid coatings, 16 and 16′, thereon before the tape, 15, passes into particulate abrasive coating zone, 14. The base coatings, 16 and 16′, have been heated and are in a liquid state and substantive to both sides of monofilament tape, 15.
Referring to FIG. 4, which illustrates an expanded side view of coated monofilament tape, 15, showing base liquid coatings, 16 and 16′ containing particulate abrasives, 3 and 3′, imbedded in the liquid coatings, 16 and 16′.
Referring to FIG. 5, which is an expanded side view of coated monofilament dental tape, 15, showing base coatings, 16 and 16′, that have been passed through a cooling zone (not shown) sufficient to be solidified with particulate abrasive, 3 and 3′, firmly imbedded in the solidified liquid coatings, 16 and 16′.
Referring to FIG. 6, which is a schematic side view of an alternative particulate abrasive overcoating system, 20, for delivering a particulate abrasive, 21, from a vessel or fluidized-bed means, 30, to a conveying agent means, 22, with gear drive means, 23. The speed of conveying auger, 22, is controlled by motor driven gear means, 23, which is slaved to a surface speed controller, not shown, for monofilament tape, 24. As the monofilament tape, 24, moves faster, auger means, 22, speeds up and delivers more particulate abrasive, 21, to the surface of molten-coated monofilament tape, 24. This system then allows for the delivery of a constant density of particulate abrasive, 21, per square millimeter of monofilament tape, 24.
In the foregoing system, the particulate abrasive, 21, may be pumice of average particulate size of 37 microns which are fluidized with a porous plate of sintered polyethylene powder of 0.5 inch thickness. The plate has an average pore size of 20 microns. As the fluidized pumice is presented to auger means, 23, it is pulled down the shaft and presented to venturi means, 25. Control of the air flow in proportion to the speed allows uniform delivery of pumice to a surface of monofilament tape, 24, passing under the outlet of venturi means, 25. This arrangement allows delivery of uniform particle density with very low air speed, consistent with little perturbation of the tape traverse.
Referring to FIGS. 7 and 8, which are two separate schematic side views of another alternative particulate overcoating system, 40, for delivering particulates, 41, from a fluidized bed means, 42, to monofilament flosses, 43 and 43′.
Air chamber means, 44, introduces air under low pressure through distributor plate means, 45, which in turn fluidizes particulates, 41, in fluidized bed means, 46. Particulates, 41, are introduced from fluidized bed, 46, into particulate coating chamber, 47, by particulate metering means, 48. Particulate coating chamber, 47, is provided with venturi means, 49. Modulating particulate dispensing means, 50, is provided with high velocity, low volume air means (not shown) providing turbulence to fluidized particulate, 41, prior to said particulate imbedding coatings, 51 and 51′, on the monofilament floss filaments, 43 and 43′, respectively. Particulate dispensing means, 50, enhances the uniformity of the particulate, 41, overcoating, 52 and 52′, imbedded into coatings, 51 and 51′, respectively.
Referring to FIG. 8, generally the pressure in air chamber, 44, is between 4 and 8 psi. Distributor plate, 45, is preferably a porous polyethylene means that creates air bubbles required to fluidize particulates, 41, in fluidized bed, 42. The air pressure in fluidized bed, 42, is preferably in the 0.2 to 0.5 psi range. Particulate metering means, 48, can take many shapes other than that of the threaded means depicted. For example, metering means can be a plug or ram without threads that controls the flow of particulates, 41, from fluidized bed, 42, into particulate coating chamber, 47. Lowering metering means, 48, into particulate coating chamber, 47, as shown by dotted lines, 52, further restricts the flow of fluidized particulate, 41, through distance, 53. Thus, particulate metering means, 48, determines the quantity of fluidized particulate, 41, to enter particulate metering area, 47. This control in combination with modulated air flow through particulate dispersing means, 50, produces a substantially uniform density particulate on coating, 51, with imbedded particulates, 52, being dispersed substantially uniformly throughout coating, 51.
For a production system comprising up to 32 monofilament lines running side-by-side, the particulate overcoating system, 40, will be replicated in groups of 8, with two such groups covering the total of 32 lines running side-by-side.
Referring to FIG. 9, which is a schematic flow chart for particulate overcoating of coated monofilament dental floss, monofilament floss is passed through liquid base coating zone where the base coating is applied. Particulate overcoating is applied by introducing the coated monofilament into one or two particulate overcoating zones, after which the particulate overcoated monofilament floss passes through a cooling zone, followed by passing the overcoated monofilament through a particulate compression means before being introduced to a take-up winder means.
The particulate abrasives of the present invention are applied to the coated monofilament dental tape base coatings as a solid material totally free from solvents.
A preferred method of applying the particulate abrasive overcoatings to the coated monofilament device is by means of an innovative fluidized bed system such as shown in FIG. 1.
Membrane means, 4, is used to maintain the particulate abrasive, 3, in a state of continued fluidization, i.e., fluidized bed, 2. Particulate abrasive, 3, from fluidized bed, 2, is introduced into nozzle means, 7, through stand pipe means, 6, via pump means, 8.
Referring to FIG. 2, coated monofilament dental tape, 15, passes through particulate abrasive coating zone, 14, and is coated on both sides with particulate abrasive, 3 and 3′, as shown in FIGS. 4 and 5.
Adhesion of the particulate abrasive to the coated monofilament dental device is achieved by means of the hot, liquid base coating that is present on the monofilament device at the time the particulate abrasive, 3 and 3′, impinges the tape coatings, 16 and 16′. See FIGS. 4 and 5.
That is, the particulate abrasive, 3, impinges onto liquid coatings, 16 and 16′, which are substantive to monofilament device, 15, as the device passes through coating zone, 14, and particulate abrasives, 3 and 3′, are trapped by and mechanically adheres to the hot, viscous base coating, 16 and 16′, respectively, which is a viscous liquid generally at a temperature between about 48° C. and 110° C. with a viscosity between 10 and 10,000 cs. This is illustrated in FIGS. 4 and 5.
The particulate abrasive, overcoated, monofilament dental tape then proceeds through a cooling means (not shown), where the base coating, 16 and 16′, cools and solidifies with the particulate abrasive, 3 and 3′, adhered thereto, as illustrated in FIG. 5.
The innovative fluidized bed coating process of the present invention is most effective in delivering:
(2) particulate abrasive overcoated monofilament devices with a perceived abrasive factor (PAF) between about 2 and 4, and
(3) particulate abrasive, overcoated, monofilament devices with an Incidental Release Factor (IRF) value well above 80%.
Dental particulate abrasives overcoated onto a standard coated monofilament dental tape and suitable for purposes of the present invention illustrated in Examples 1 through 7, are described in Table 1 below:
“Active” particulate abrasives overcoated onto a standard coated monofilament dental tape and suitable for purposes of the present invention are illustrated in Examples 8 through 12 in Table 2 below:
Suitable particulate abrasives for the present invention can also contain active ingredients “dusted” thereon. For example, when antimicrobials such as cetylpyridinium chloride, triclosan, chlorhexidine, etc., can be dusted onto the particulate abrasives prior to overcoating the coated monofilament tape. During flossing, these antimicrobial containing particulate abrasives are released from the coated monofilament dental tapes and the dusted on antimicrobials release from the particulate abrasive and remain available interproximally and subgingivally to work with the monofilament dental tape during flossing as biofilms are being removed, disrupted and/or controlled.
The enhanced softness of the preferred elastomeric monofilament dental tapes suitable for use with the present invention is key to the tapes' consumer perception of gentleness, which is a distinct advantage over current commercial monofilament tapes and multifilament waxed flosses.
Wound bobbins of monofilament dental tapes suitable for overcoating with the particulate abrasive overcoatings of the present invention showed substantially lower Shore D hardness values than competitive tapes when tested with the Flexbar Portable Shore Haidness Tester Model Number 18877. See Table 3 below. This aspect of gentleness, of course, is primarily attributed to the substantive, saliva soluble, flake-free base coatings, such as described in Table 8, applied to the various monofilament tapes prior to overcoating.
Tables 4 through 7 below describe in detail monofilament tapes suitable for overcoating with the particulate-abrasives of the present invention. The “UTILITY FACTORS”: Gentleness Perception, Tape Flex-Twist Index and Hardness Shore D of these monofilament dental tapes when combined with various base coatings as described in Table 8, Examples 71 through 88 contribute to a consumer perception of gentleness. The particulate abrasive overcoatings added to these monofilament tapes imparts a perception of “working” to the perception of gentleness.
Suitable crystal-free, substantially flake-free, base coatings for various monofilament dental tapes are described in Examples 71 through 88 in Table 8 below:
Wax Coated Monofilament Dental Tape Overcoated with Particulate Abrasive and Saliva Soluble Particulate
In addition to various types of fluidized beds, the particulate abrasive overcoatings can be introduced onto the coated monofilament dental tapes by several other means for impinging particulate abrasives onto coated tapes. These include various powder coating processes including fluidized bed, plastic frame-spraying, electrostatic spraying and sonic spraying. In the latter, sound waves are used to suspend the particulate abrasives. Some of these other particulate abrasive overcoating processes are described in U.S. Pat. Nos. 6,037,019; 3,848,363; 3,892,908; 4,024,295; 4,612,242; 5,163,975; 5,232,775; 5,273,782; 55,389,434; 5,658,510; 2,640,002; 3,093,501; 2,689,808; 2,640,001 and 5,194,297, which are incorporated herein by reference.
Particularly preferred particulate abrasive overcoating means include various Nordson® automatic powder coating systems such as the Nordson® Tribomatic II powder coating system, which includes various Nordson® powder pumps, as well as ITW Genca Powder coating systems including their Easysystem™ and Electrostatic Equipment Co's 7R FLEXICOAT® system.
The present invention has been described in detail, including the preferred embodiments thereof However, it will be appreciated that those skilled in the art, upon consideration of the present disclosure, may make modifications and/or improvements on this invention and still be within the scope and spirit of this invention as set forth in the following claims.
2. A method for removing, disrupting and controlling biofilms comprising the step of flossing interproximal and subgingival areas with monofilament dental tape including two coatings,
wherein said base coating and particulate abrasive overcoating are released during flossing and cooperate with said monofilament dental tape to remove, disrupt and control biofilms.
3. A method for overcoating coated monofilament dental devices with particulate abrasive comprising the steps of:
(a) impinging particulate abrasive onto heated liquid base, substantive coatings contained on said monofilament dental devices and;
(b) subsequently passing said particulate overcoated, coated monofilament dental devices through a cooling zone, whereby said base coating solidifies entrapping said particulate abrasive onto said base coating.
4. Coated monofilament dental devices, overcoated with biofilm-responsive, releasable, particulate abrasives and saliva soluble particulates, wherein:
coatings for said monofilament dental devices are selected from saliva soluble emulsion and crystal-free coatings; and
said particulate abrasives are selected from the group consisting of organic, inorganic, dental and active abrasives and mixtures thereof.
12. Coated monofilament dental devices according to claim 4, wherein said monofilament dental device comprises polyethylene.
13. A method for removing, disrupting and controlling biofilms comprising the step of flossing interproximal and subgingival areas with particulate abrasive, overcoated monofilament dental device containing a saliva soluble base coating, wherein said base coating is imbedded with a particulate abrasive overcoating that functions as a soft abrasive oral sandpaper during flossing to remove, disrupt and control biofilms.
15. A method for overcoating coated monofilament dental tape with particulate abrasives comprising the steps of:
(a) impinging particulate abrasives onto a heated liquid base coating substantive to said monofilament followed by;
(c) subsequently passing said imbedded particulate overcoated, coated monofilament dental tape through a cooling zone, whereby said base coating solidifies entrapping said particulates into said base coating and
(d) passing said particulate overcoated, coated monofilament dental tape through an imbedded particulate overcoating compression means.
16. Coated, texturized, monofilament dental devices having a denier between about 300 and about 1000 containing from between about 10 and about 100 mg/yd of saliva soluble emulsion base coating and having a biofilm-responsive particulate overcoating imbedded therein, wherein:
said particulate abrasive coating comprises from between about 2 and about 45 percent by weight of said device; and
said particulate abrasive coating has a Incidental Release Factor (IRF) of at least about 85 percent by weight.
17. Coated monofilament dental devices according to claim 16, wherein said emulsion base coating is an emulsion of polydimethylsiloxane and block copolymers of ethylene oxide and propylene oxide.
18. Coated monofilament dental devices according to claim 17, wherein said biofilm-responsive particulate overcoating contains a whitening substance.
19. Coated monofilament dental devices according to claim 16, wherein said base coating and said particulate overcoating each contain a tartar control substance.
20. Coated monofilament dental devices according to claim 4, wherein said coating is an insoluble wax coating, said particulate abrasive is an active abrasive, and said saliva particulate is an emulsion of polydimethylsiloxane and block copolymers of ethylene oxide and propylene oxide.
21. The method of claim 15, wherein excess particulate abrasive is collected and recycled using a vacuum cyclone recovery means.
US11331513 2000-08-23 2006-01-13 Particulate coated monofilament devices Abandoned US20060112968A1 (en)
G03F—PHOTOMECHANICAL PRODUCTION OF TEXTURED OR PATTERNED SURFACES, e.g. FOR PRINTING, FOR PROCESSING OF SEMICONDUCTOR DEVICES; MATERIALS THEREFOR; ORIGINALS THEREFOR; APPARATUS SPECIALLY ADAPTED THEREFOR
G03F7/0395—Macromolecular compounds which are photodegradable, e.g. positive electron resists the macromolecular compound being present in a chemically amplified positive photoresist composition the macromolecular compound having a backbone with alicyclic moieties
G03F7/0397—Macromolecular compounds which are photodegradable, e.g. positive electron resists the macromolecular compound being present in a chemically amplified positive photoresist composition the macromolecular compound having a backbone with alicyclic moieties the alicyclic moiety being in a side chain
H01L21/00—Processes or apparatus adapted for the manufacture or treatment of semiconductor or solid state devices or of parts thereof
H01L21/027—Making masks on semiconductor bodies for further photolithographic processing not provided for in group H01L21/18 or H01L21/34
H01L21/04—Manufacture or treatment of semiconductor devices or of parts thereof the devices having at least one potential-jump barrier or surface barrier, e.g. PN junction, depletion layer, carrier concentration layer
H01L21/18—Manufacture or treatment of semiconductor devices or of parts thereof the devices having at least one potential-jump barrier or surface barrier, e.g. PN junction, depletion layer, carrier concentration layer the devices having semiconductor bodies comprising elements of Group IV of the Periodic System or AIIIBV compounds with or without impurities, e.g. doping materials
H01L21/30—Treatment of semiconductor bodies using processes or apparatus not provided for in groups H01L21/20 - H01L21/26
H01L21/3083—Chemical or electrical treatment, e.g. electrolytic etching using masks characterised by their size, orientation, disposition, behaviour, shape, in horizontal or vertical plane
H01L21/3086—Chemical or electrical treatment, e.g. electrolytic etching using masks characterised by their size, orientation, disposition, behaviour, shape, in horizontal or vertical plane characterised by the process involved to create the mask, e.g. lift-off masks, sidewalls, or to modify the mask, e.g. pre-treatment, post-treatment
A novel method of forming a resist pattern in which thickness loss from the resist pattern is reduced, and a negative resist composition that can be used in this method of forming a resist pattern. The method of forming a resist pattern includes: forming a first resist film by applying a first resist composition to a support, forming a first resist pattern by selectively exposing the first resist film through a first mask pattern and then developing the first resist film, forming a second resist film by applying a negative resist composition containing an ether-based organic solvent (S″) having no hydroxyl groups onto the support having the first resist pattern formed thereon, and forming a resist pattern by selectively exposing the second resist film through a second mask pattern and then developing the second resist film.
The present invention relates to a method of forming a resist pattern, and a negative resist composition that can be used in the method of forming a resist pattern. Priority is claimed on Japanese Patent Application No. 2006-286465, filed Oct. 20, 2006, the content of which is incorporated herein by reference.
Techniques (pattern-forming techniques) in which a fine pattern is formed on top of a substrate, and a lower layer beneath that pattern is then fabricated by conducting etching with this pattern as a mask are widely used in the semiconductor industry for IC fabrication and the like, and are attracting considerable attention.
These types of fine patterns are typically formed from an organic material, and are formed, for example, using a lithography method or a nanoimprint method or the like. For example, in the case of a lithography method, a process is conducted in which a resist film formed from a resist composition containing a base component such as a resin is formed on top of a support such as a substrate, the resist film is subjected to selective exposure using radiation such as light or an electron beam, through a mask in which a predetermined pattern has been formed (a mask pattern), and a developing treatment is then conducted, thereby forming a resist pattern of predetermined shape in the resist film. Resist compositions in which the exposed portions change to become soluble in the developing solution are termed positive compositions, whereas resist compositions in which the exposed portions change to become insoluble in the developing solution are termed negative compositions.
Then, using this resist pattern as a mask, a semiconductor device or the like is produced by conducting a step in which the substrate is processed by etching.
In recent years, advances in lithography techniques have lead to rapid progress in the field of pattern miniaturization. Typically, these miniaturization techniques involve shortening the wavelength of the exposure light source. Conventionally, ultraviolet radiation typified by g-line and i-line radiation has been used, but nowadays semiconductor device mass production using KrF excimer lasers and ArF excimer lasers has already commenced, and for example, lithography using ArF excimer lasers has enabled pattern formation with resolution at the 45 nm level. Furthermore, in order to further improve the resolution, research is also being conducted into lithography techniques that use exposure light sources having a wavelength shorter than these excimer lasers, such as F2 excimer lasers, electron beams, EUV (extreme ultraviolet radiation), and X rays.
The resist composition requires lithography properties such as a high level of sensitivity to these types of exposure sources, and a high resolution capable of reproducing patterns of minute dimensions. As a resist composition which satisfies these requirements, a chemically amplified resist composition is used, which includes a base component that exhibits changed alkali solubility under the action of acid, and an acid generator that generates acid upon exposure (for example, see Patent Document 1). For example, a positive chemically amplified resist typically contains, as a base component, a resin which exhibits increased alkali solubility under the action of acid, and during formation of a resist pattern, when acid is generated from the acid generator upon exposure, the exposed portions of the resist become alkali-soluble.
As a technique for further improving the resolution, a lithography method called liquid immersion lithography (hereafter, frequently referred to as “immersion exposure”) is known in which exposure (immersion exposure) is conducted in a state where the region between the objective lens of the exposure apparatus and the sample is filled with a solvent (an immersion medium) that has a larger refractive index than the refractive index of air (see, for example, Non-Patent Document 1).
According to this type of immersion exposure, it is considered that higher resolutions equivalent to those obtained using a shorter wavelength light source or a larger NA (numerical aperture) lens can be achieved using the same exposure light source wavelength, with no lowering of the depth of focus. Furthermore, immersion exposure can be conducted using existing exposure apparatus. As a result, it is expected that immersion exposure will enable the formation of resist patterns of higher resolution and superior depth of focus at lower costs. Accordingly, in the production of semiconductor devices, which requires enormous capital investment, immersion exposure is attracting considerable attention as a method that offers significant potential to the semiconductor industry, both in terms of cost and in terms of lithography properties such as resolution.
Immersion lithography is effective in forming patterns having various shapes. Further, immersion exposure is expected to be capable of being used in combination with currently studied super-resolution techniques, such as phase shift methods and modified illumination methods. Currently, as the immersion exposure technique, techniques using an ArF excimer laser as an exposure source are being the most actively studied. Further, water is mainly being investigated as the immersion medium.
Recently, a new lithography technique called the double patterning method has been proposed, in which a resist pattern is formed by conducting patterning two or more times (see, for example, Non-Patent Documents 2 and 3).
According to this double patterning method, it is thought that by forming a first resist pattern on a support using a first resist composition, and subsequently conducting additional patterning using a second resist composition formed on top of the support having the first resist pattern formed thereon, a resist pattern can be formed that has a higher resolution than a resist pattern formed using only a single patterning step.
However currently, if a resist pattern is formed using the type of double patterning method described above, then when the second resist composition is applied to the support having the first resist pattern already formed thereon, so-called “mixing” in which the first resist pattern and the second resist composition dissolve within each other tends to occur, which causes problems such as thickness loss from the first resist pattern.
Here, the term “thickness loss” describes the change in the film thickness of the first resist pattern between the state before application of the second resist composition and the state following application. A smaller value for this thickness loss indicates that the first resist pattern is less affected by the second resist composition, and means that following double patterning, the shape of the first resist pattern is favorably retained.
The present invention takes the above circumstances into consideration, with an object of providing a novel method of forming a resist pattern in which thickness loss from the resist pattern is reduced, and a negative resist composition that can be used in this method of forming a resist pattern.
A first aspect of the present invention is a method of forming a resist pattern, including: forming a first resist film by applying a first resist composition to a support, forming a first resist pattern by selectively exposing the first resist film through a first mask pattern and then developing the first resist film, forming a second resist film by applying a negative resist composition containing an ether-based organic solvent (S″) having no hydroxyl groups onto the support having the first resist pattern formed thereon, and forming a resist pattern by selectively exposing the second resist film through a second mask pattern and then developing the second resist film.
A second aspect of the present invention is a negative resist composition that can be used as a second resist composition within a method of forming a resist pattern that includes: forming a first resist film by applying a first resist composition to a support, forming a first resist pattern by selectively exposing the first resist film through a first mask pattern and then developing the first resist film, forming a second resist film by applying the second resist composition onto the support having the first resist pattern formed thereon, and forming a resist pattern by selectively exposing the second resist film through a second mask pattern and then developing the second resist film, wherein the negative resist composition contains an ether-based organic solvent (S″) having no hydroxyl groups.
In this description and within the scope of the appended claims, the term “exposure” is a general concept that includes irradiation with any form of radiation.
The present invention is able to provide a novel method of forming a resist pattern in which thickness loss from the resist pattern is reduced, and a negative resist composition that can be used in this method of forming a resist pattern.
FIG. 1A is a schematic process diagram describing a preferred embodiment of a method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention.
FIG. 1B is a schematic process diagram describing a preferred embodiment of a method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention.
FIG. 1C is a schematic process diagram describing a preferred embodiment of a method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention.
FIG. 1D is a schematic process diagram describing a preferred embodiment of a method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention.
FIG. 2A is a graph showing the results of evaluating the thickness loss from a polymer film in a variety of organic solvents, and shows the change in the film thickness (nm) of the polymer film due to differences in the proportion of acrylic sites within the resin.
FIG. 2B is a graph showing the results of evaluating the thickness loss from a polymer film in a variety of organic solvents, and shows the change in the film thickness (nm) of the polymer film due to differences in the weight average molecular weight of the resin.
A method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention is a method that uses a first resist composition, and a negative resist composition as a second resist composition.
The first resist composition and the second resist composition (the negative resist composition) are preferably both chemically amplified resist compositions.
There are no particular restrictions on these chemically amplified resist compositions, which may be selected from the multitude of conventional chemically amplified resist compositions that have been proposed for use as resist compositions, in accordance with factors such as the type of exposure light source being used and the lithography properties.
As the chemically amplified resist composition, a composition containing a base component (A) that exhibits changed alkali solubility under the action of acid (hereafter frequently referred to as “component (A)”) and an acid generator component (B) that generates acid upon exposure (hereafter frequently referred to as “component (B)”) dissolved in an organic solvent (S) (hereafter frequently referred to as “component (S)”) is typical.
In the component (A), the term “base component” describes an organic compound having a film-forming ability, which is preferably an organic compound having a molecular weight of 500 or more. When the organic compound has a molecular weight of 500 or more, the film-forming ability is improved, and a nano level pattern can be more easily formed.
These organic compounds having a molecular weight of 500 or more are broadly classified into low molecular weight organic compounds having a molecular weight of at least 500 but not more than 2,000 (hereafter, frequently referred to as “low molecular weight compounds”) and high molecular weight resins (polymers) having a molecular weight greater than 2,000. Generally, as the aforementioned low molecular weight compound, a non-polymer is used. In the case of a resin (polymer), the “molecular weight” is reported as the polystyrene equivalent weight average molecular weight (Mw) determined by GPC (gel permeation chromatography). Hereafter, the simplified term “resin” is used to refer to a resin having a molecular weight greater than 2,000.
The component (A) may be a low molecular weight compound that exhibits changed alkali solubility under the action of acid, a resin that exhibits changed alkali solubility under the action of acid, or a mixture thereof.
As the component (A), generally, either a single organic compound that is typically used as a base component for a chemically amplified resist is used alone, or a mixture of two or more such compounds may be used.
As the component (A) of the chemically amplified resist composition used in the present invention, a component having a hydrophilic group is preferred. The hydrophilic group within the component (A) is preferably one or more groups selected from the group consisting of a hydroxyl group, carboxyl group, carbonyl group (—C(O)—), ester group (an ester linkage: —C(O)—O—), amino group and amide group. Of these groups, a hydroxyl group (and particularly an alcoholic hydroxyl group or a phenolic hydroxyl group), a carboxyl group, and an ester group are more preferred, and a carboxyl group, an alcoholic hydroxyl group and a phenolic hydroxyl group are particularly desirable.
In the present invention, the terms “structural unit” and “unit” refer to a monomer unit that contributes to the formation of a resin (polymer).
The chemically amplified resist composition used as the first resist composition may be either a negative resist composition or a positive resist composition, although a positive resist composition is preferred.
Of the various possibilities, the first resist composition is preferably a positive resist composition including a base component (A′) that exhibits increased alkali solubility under the action of acid, and an acid generator component (B) that generates acid upon exposure.
When the chemically amplified resist composition used as the first resist composition is a negative resist composition, an alkali-soluble base component is used as the component (A), and a cross-linker component is also blended into the negative resist composition.
Examples of the component (A) and the cross-linker component in this negative resist composition include the same materials as those exemplified below for an alkali-soluble resin component (A″) and a cross-linker component (C) of a negative resist composition used as the second resist composition described below.
When the chemically amplified resist composition used as the first resist composition is a positive resist composition, a base component (A′) that has acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting groups and exhibits increased alkali solubility under the action of acid is used as the component (A).
The positive resist composition is alkali-insoluble prior to exposure, but during resist pattern formation, when acid is generated from the component (B) upon exposure, the acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting groups are dissociated by the action of the generated acid, and the component (A′) becomes alkali-soluble. Accordingly, during the formation of a resist pattern, by conducting selective exposure of a resist film obtained by applying the positive resist composition onto a support such as a substrate, the exposed portions become alkali-soluble, whereas the unexposed portions remain alkali-insoluble, meaning alkali developing can then be conducted.
As the component (A′) of the positive resist composition, a component that includes both a hydrophilic group and an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group is preferred, and a component (A-1) and/or a component (A-2) described below are particularly desirable.
Component (A-1): a resin having hydrophilic groups and acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting groups.
Component (A-2): a low-molecular compound having a hydrophilic group and an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group.
Preferred embodiments of the component (A-1) and the component (A-2) are described below in more detail.
As the component (A-1), a resin containing a structural unit having a hydrophilic group and a structural unit having an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group is preferred.
In this resin, the proportion of the structural unit having a hydrophilic group, relative to the combined total of all the structural units that constitute the resin, is preferably within a range from 20 to 80 mol %, more preferably from 20 to 70 mol %, and still more preferably from 20 to 60 mol %.
The proportion within the resin of the structural unit having an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group, relative to the combined total of all the structural units that constitute the resin, is preferably within a range from 20 to 80 mol %, more preferably from 20 to 70 mol %, and still more preferably from 30 to 60 mol %.
The structural unit having a hydrophilic group is preferably a structural unit having a carboxyl group, an ester group, an alcoholic hydroxyl group or a phenolic hydroxyl group. Specific examples of preferred units include structural units derived from acrylic acid, structural units derived from acrylate esters, structural units derived from (α-lower alkyl)acrylate esters having an alcoholic hydroxyl group, and structural units derived from hydroxystyrene.
In the present specification, the term “acrylic acid” is used as a generic term that includes not only acrylic acid (CH2═CH—COOH) in which a hydrogen atom is bonded to the α-position carbon atom, but also compounds in which a substituent (an atom other than a hydrogen atom or a group) is bonded to the α-position carbon atom.
The term “acrylate ester” is used as a generic term that includes not only the acrylate ester in which a hydrogen atom is bonded to the α-position carbon atom, but also esters in which a substituent (an atom other than a hydrogen atom or a group) is bonded to the α-position carbon atom.
The term “acrylate” is sometimes used as a generic term that includes not only the acrylate ester in which a hydrogen atom is bonded to the α-position carbon atom, but also esters in which a substituent (an atom other than a hydrogen atom or a group) is bonded to the α-position carbon atom.
In the terms “acrylic acid”, “acrylate ester” and “acrylate”, the “α-position (the carbon atom on the α-position)” refers to the carbon atom having the carbonyl group bonded thereto, unless specified otherwise.
A “structural unit derived from an acrylate ester” is a structural unit that is formed by cleavage of the ethylenic double bond of an acrylate ester.
In an “acrylic acid”, an “acrylate ester” or an “acrylate”, examples of the substituent include a halogen atom, a lower alkyl group, or a halogenated lower alkyl group. Examples of the halogen atom include a fluorine atom, chlorine atom, bromine atom or iodine atom, and a fluorine atom is particularly preferable.
The term “alkyl group” includes linear, branched and cyclic monovalent saturated hydrocarbon groups, unless stated otherwise.
In an “acrylic acid” or “acrylate ester”, specific examples of the lower alkyl group for the α-position substituent include linear or branched lower alkyl groups such as a methyl group, ethyl group, propyl group, isopropyl group, n-butyl group, isobutyl group, tert-butyl group, pentyl group, isopentyl group, and neopentyl group. In terms of industrial availability, a hydrogen atom or a methyl group is preferred.
In the present invention, it is preferable that a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom, a lower alkyl group or a halogenated lower alkyl group, and more preferably a hydrogen atom, a fluorine atom, a lower alkyl group or a fluorinated lower alkyl group, and still more preferably a hydrogen atom or a lower alkyl group, is bonded to the α-position of the acrylate ester. In terms of industrial availability, a hydrogen atom or a methyl group is the most desirable.
The term “(α-lower alkyl)acrylic acid” refers to one or both of acrylic acid (CH2═CH—COOH) and α-lower alkyl acrylic acid.
An “α-lower alkyl acrylic acid” refers to a compound in which the hydrogen atom bonded to the carbon atom that is bonded to the carbonyl group of the acrylic acid is substituted with a lower alkyl group.
An “(α-lower alkyl)acrylate ester” is an ester derivative of the “(α-lower alkyl)acrylic acid”, and refers to one or both of the acrylate ester and the α-lower alkyl acrylate ester.
The term “(α-lower alkyl)acrylate” refers to one or both of the acrylate and the α-lower alkyl acrylate.
A “structural unit derived from hydroxystyrene” is a structural unit that is formed by cleavage of the ethylenic double bond of hydroxystyrene or an α-lower alkyl hydroxystyrene, and hereafter may also be referred to as a “hydroxystyrene unit”.
An “α-lower alkyl hydroxystyrene” refers to a compound in which a lower alkyl group is bonded to the carbon atom to which the phenyl group is bonded.
As the component (A-1), more specifically, novolak resins, hydroxystyrene-based resins, (α-lower alkyl)acrylate ester resins, and copolymer resins containing structural units derived from hydroxystyrene and structural units derived from an (α-lower alkyl) acrylate ester, which contain a hydrophilic group and an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group, can be used favorably.
Although there are no particular restrictions on preferred resin components for use as the component (A-1), examples include resin components (hereafter frequently referred to as “component (A-11)”) that include a unit containing a phenolic hydroxyl group, such as a structural unit (a1) described below, a structural unit containing an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group, such as one or more units selected from the group consisting of a structural unit (a2) described below and a structural unit (a3) described below, and where necessary an alkali-insoluble unit such as a structural unit (a4).
In the component (A-11), the action of the acid generated from the acid generator upon exposure causes cleavage within the structural unit (a2) and/or the structural unit (a3), and this causes the resin, which was initially insoluble in an alkali developing solution, to undergo an increase in alkali solubility. As a result, exposure and developing can be used to form a chemically amplified positive pattern.
The structural unit (a1) is a unit that contains a phenolic hydroxyl group, and is preferably a unit derived from hydroxystyrene, represented by general formula (I) shown below.
R represents either a hydrogen atom or a lower alkyl group. The lower alkyl group is as defined above. A hydrogen atom or a methyl group is preferred. This definition of R also applies below.
There are no particular restrictions on the bonding position of the —OH group to the benzene ring, although the position labeled 4 in the formula (the para position) is preferred.
From the viewpoint of forming a favorable pattern, the quantity of the structural unit (a1) within the component (A-11) is typically within a range from 40 to 80 mol %, and is preferably from 50 to 75 mol %. By ensuring that this quantity is at least 40 mol %, the solubility of the component in an alkali developing solution can be improved, and a favorable improvement in the pattern shape can also be obtained. Ensuring that the quantity is not more than 80 mol % enables a favorable balance to be achieved with the other structural units.
The structural unit (a2) is a structural unit containing an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group, and is represented by general formula (II) shown below.
Examples of the acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group X include alkyl groups having a tertiary carbon atom in which the tertiary carbon atom of the tertiary alkyl group is bonded to the ester group [—C(O)O—], as well as cyclic acetal groups such as a tetrahydropyranyl group or a tetrahydrofuranyl group.
Besides the groups described above, any of the groups typically used within conventional chemically amplified positive resist compositions may also be used as the acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group X.
As the structural unit (a2), units such as those represented by general formula (III) shown below are preferred.
In this formula, R is as defined above, R11, R12 and R13 each independently represents a lower alkyl group (which may be linear or branched, and is preferably a lower alkyl group of 1 to 5 carbon atoms). Furthermore, of the groups R11, R12 and R13, R11 may represent a lower alkyl group, and R12 and R13 may be bonded together to form a monocyclic or polycyclic aliphatic cyclic group. The number of carbon atoms within this aliphatic cyclic group is preferably from 5 to 12.
Here, the term “aliphatic” defines a group or compound that has no aromaticity, and an “aliphatic cyclic group” refers to a monocyclic or polycyclic group that has no aromaticity.
In those cases where R11, R12 and R13 do not include an aliphatic cyclic group, units in which R11, R12 and R13 all represent methyl groups are preferred.
In those cases where R11, R12 and R13 do include an aliphatic cyclic group, the number of carbon atoms within the aliphatic cyclic group is preferably from 5 to 12. In those cases where the aliphatic cyclic group is a monocyclic aliphatic cyclic group, units having a cyclopentyl group or cyclohexyl group are preferred as the structural unit (a2). In those cases where the aliphatic cyclic group is a polycyclic aliphatic cyclic group, units having an adamantyl group or the like are preferred as the structural unit (a2).
In those cases where the aliphatic cyclic group formed by each of or by the bonding of two of R11, R12 and R13 is a polycyclic alicyclic group, examples of preferred forms of the structural unit (a2) include those units represented by general formula (IV) shown below.
wherein R is as defined above, and R14 represents a lower alkyl group (which may be linear or branched, and preferably contains from 1 to 5 carbon atoms).
Furthermore, as a structural unit containing an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group that includes a polycyclic aliphatic cyclic group, units represented by general formula (V) shown below are also preferred.
wherein R is as defined above, and R15 and R16 each independently represents a lower alkyl group (which may be linear or branched, and preferably contains from 1 to 5 carbon atoms).
The quantity of the structural unit (a2) within the component (A-11) is typically within a range from 5 to 50 mol %, and is preferably from 10 to 40 mol %, and more preferably from 10 to 35 mol %.
The structural unit (a3) is a structural unit containing an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group, and is represented by general formula (VI) shown below.
Examples of the acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group X′ include tertiary alkyloxycarbonyl groups such as a tert-butyloxycarbonyl group or tert-amyloxycarbonyl group; tertiary alkyloxycarbonylalkyl groups such as a tert-butyloxycarbonylmethyl group or tert-butyloxycarbonylethyl group; tertiary alkyl groups such as a tert-butyl group or tert-amyl group; cyclic acetal groups such as a tetrahydropyranyl group or tetrahydrofuranyl group; and alkoxyalkyl groups such as an ethoxyethyl group or methoxypropyl group.
Of these groups, a tert-butyloxycarbonyl group, tert-butyloxycarbonylmethyl group, tert-butyl group, tetrahydropyranyl group or ethoxyethyl group is preferred.
In general formula (VI), there are no particular restrictions on the position at which the (—OX′) group is bonded to the benzene ring, although bonding at the position labeled 4 in the above formula (the para position) is preferred.
The quantity of the structural unit (a3) within the component (A-11) is typically within a range from 5 to 50 mol %, and is preferably from 10 to 40 mol %, and more preferably from 10 to 35 mol %.
The structural unit (a4) is an alkali-insoluble unit, and is represented by general formula (VII) shown below.
wherein R is as defined above, R17 represents a lower alkyl group, and n′ represents either 0 or an integer of 1 to 3.
The lower alkyl group of R17 may be either linear or branched, and preferably contains 1 to 5 carbon atoms.
The quantity of the structural unit (a4) within the component (A-11) is typically within a range from 1 to 40 mol %, and is preferably from 5 to 25 mol %. By ensuring this quantity is at least 1 mol %, the level of improvement in the shape (and particularly the improvement in thickness loss) is enhanced, whereas ensuring that the quantity is not more than 40 mol % enables a favorable balance to be achieved with the other structural units.
The component (A-11) must contain the structural unit (a1) and at least one structural unit selected from the group consisting of the structural unit (a2) and the structural unit (a3), and may also contain a structural unit (a4). Furthermore, the component (A-11) may be a copolymer containing all of the structural units, or a mixture of a plurality of different polymers each containing at least one of the structural units. Combinations of these two possibilities are also possible.
Furthermore, the component (A-11) may also include other units besides the structural units (a1), (a2), (a3) and (a4) described above, although the structural units (a1), (a2), (a3) and (a4) preferably represent at least 80 mol %, and even more preferably at least 90 mol % (and most preferably 100 mol %) of the component (A-11).
Embodiments that use “a single copolymer containing the structural unit (a1) and the structural unit (a3), or a mixture of two or more different copolymers of this type”, or “a single copolymer containing the structural units (a1), (a2) and (a4), or a mixture of two or more different copolymers of this type”, or a mixture of these two embodiments offer a simple way of achieving the desired effects, and are therefore the most preferred. Furthermore, these embodiments also offer a favorable improvement in the heat resistance.
A mixture of a polyhydroxystyrene protected with tertiary alkyloxycarbonyl groups and a polyhydroxystyrene protected with 1-alkoxyalkyl groups is particularly desirable. During mixing, the mixing ratio (weight ratio) between these copolymers (polyhydroxystyrene protected with tertiary alkyloxycarbonyl groups/polyhydroxystyrene protected with 1-alkoxyalkyl groups) is typically within a range from 1/9 to 9/1, and is preferably from 2/8 to 8/2, and more preferably from 2/8 to 5/5.
In terms of enabling formation of a resist pattern with a higher etching resistance, as a resin component that is suitable as the component (A-1) but is different from the component (A-11) described above, a resin component that contains an acrylate ester resin is preferred, a resin component that contains an (α-lower alkyl)acrylate ester resin (namely, an (α-lower alkyl)acrylate ester resin) is more preferred, and a resin component formed solely from an (α-lower alkyl)acrylate ester resin is particularly desirable.
Of these acrylate ester resins, a resin component (hereafter referred to as “component (A-12)”) containing a structural unit derived from an acrylate ester containing an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a5)”) is preferred, and a resin component containing a structural unit derived from an (α-lower alkyl)acrylate ester containing an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group is particularly desirable. The α-lower alkyl group is as defined above.
The acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group of the structural unit (a5) has an alkali dissolution-inhibiting effect that renders the entire component (A-12) alkali-insoluble prior to exposure, but then dissociates following exposure as a result of the action of the acid generated from the component (B), causing the entire component (A-12) to change to an alkali-soluble state.
Furthermore, in the (α-lower alkyl)acrylate ester resin component, when the acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group within the structural unit (a5) dissociates under the action of the acid generated from the component (B), a carboxylic acid is generated. The presence of this generated carboxylic acid improves the adhesion with a coating film formed on top of the resist pattern.
As the acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group, any of the multitude of groups that have been proposed for the resins used within resist compositions designed for use with ArF excimer lasers can be used. Generally, groups that form a cyclic or chain-like tertiary alkyl ester with the carboxyl group of the (α-lower alkyl)acrylic acid, or cyclic or chain-like alkoxyalkyl groups are the most widely known.
Here, a “group that forms a tertiary alkyl ester” describes a group that forms an ester by substituting the hydrogen atom of the acrylic acid carboxyl group. In other words, a structure in which the tertiary carbon atom of a chain-like or cyclic tertiary alkyl group is bonded to the oxygen atom at the terminal of the carbonyloxy group [—C(O)—O—] of the acrylate ester. In this tertiary alkyl ester, the action of acid causes cleavage of the bond between the oxygen atom and the tertiary carbon atom.
A tertiary alkyl group refers to an alkyl group that includes a tertiary carbon atom, and preferably an alkyl group of 4 to 20 carbon atoms.
Examples of groups that form a chain-like tertiary alkyl ester include alkyl groups of 4 to 8 carbon atoms, such as a tert-butyl group and a tert-amyl group.
Examples of groups that form a cyclic tertiary alkyl ester include the same groups as those exemplified below in relation to the “acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group that contains an alicyclic group”. The number of carbon atoms within this group is preferably within a range from 6 to 20.
A “cyclic or chain-like alkoxyalkyl group” forms an ester by substitution of the hydrogen atom of a carboxyl group. In other words, a structure is formed in which the alkoxyalkyl group is bonded to the oxygen atom at the terminal of the carbonyloxy group [—C(O)—O—] of the acrylate ester. In this structure, the action of acid causes cleavage of the bond between the oxygen atom and the alkoxyalkyl group.
As this type of cyclic or chain-like alkoxyalkyl group, groups of 2 to 12 carbon atoms are preferred, such as a 1-methoxymethyl group, 1-ethoxyethyl group, 1-isopropoxyethyl group, 1-cyclohexyloxyethyl group, 2-adamantoxymethyl group, 1-methyladamantoxymethyl group, 4-oxo-2-adamantoxymethyl group, 1-adamantoxyethyl group, and 2-adamantoxyethyl group.
The aliphatic cyclic group may be either monocyclic or polycyclic, and can be selected appropriately from the multitude of groups proposed for use within ArF resists and the like. From the viewpoint of ensuring favorable etching resistance, a polycyclic alicyclic group is preferred. Furthermore, the alicyclic group is preferably a hydrocarbon group, and is even more preferably a saturated hydrocarbon group (an alicyclic group).
Examples of the monocyclic alicyclic groups include groups in which one hydrogen atom has been removed from a cycloalkane. Examples of the polycyclic alicyclic groups include groups in which one hydrogen atom has been removed from a bicycloalkane, tricycloalkane or tetracycloalkane or the like.
Specifically, examples of the monocyclic alicyclic groups include groups of 5 to 8 carbon atoms such as a cyclopentyl group or cyclohexyl group. Examples of the polycyclic alicyclic groups include groups in which one hydrogen atom has been removed from a polycycloalkane such as adamantane, norbornane, isobornane, tricyclodecane or tetracyclododecane, and groups of 7 to 20 carbon atoms are preferred.
Of these groups, an adamantyl group in which one hydrogen atom has been removed from adamantane, a norbornyl group in which one hydrogen atom has been removed from norbornane, a tricyclodecanyl group in which one hydrogen atom has been removed from tricyclodecane, and a tetracyclododecanyl group in which one hydrogen atom has been removed from tetracyclododecane are preferred industrially.
More specifically, the structural unit (a5) is preferably at least one unit selected from general formulas (I′) to (III′) shown below.
Furthermore, the structural unit (a5) is preferably a unit derived from an (α-lower alkyl)acrylate ester which contains an aforementioned cyclic alkoxyalkyl group at the ester portion, and more specifically, is preferably at least one structural unit selected from amongst units derived from an aliphatic polycyclic alkyloxy lower alkyl (α-lower alkyl)acrylate ester that may contain a substituent, such as a 2-adamantoxymethyl group, 1-methyladamantoxymethyl group, 4-oxo-2-adamantoxymethyl group, 1-adamantoxyethyl group or 2-adamantoxyethyl group.
In general formulas (I′) to (III′), the hydrogen atom or lower alkyl group represented by R is the same as that described above in relation to the hydrogen atom or lower alkyl group bonded to the C-position of an acrylate ester.
The lower alkyl group for R1 is preferably a linear or branched alkyl group of 1 to 5 carbon atoms, and specific examples include a methyl group, ethyl group, propyl group, isopropyl group, n-butyl group, isobutyl group, pentyl group, isopentyl group or neopentyl group. Of these, a methyl group or an ethyl group is preferred in terms of industrial availability, and a methyl group is particularly preferred.
The lower alkyl groups for R2 and R3 each preferably independently represents a linear or branched alkyl group of 1 to 5 carbon atoms. Of the various possibilities, those cases in which R2 and R3 are both methyl groups are preferred industrially. A structural unit derived from 2-(1-adamantyl)-2-propyl acrylate is a specific example.
The group R4 is a chain-like tertiary alkyl group or a cyclic tertiary alkyl group. The chain-like tertiary alkyl group is preferably an alkyl group of 4 to 8 carbon atoms, and examples include a tert-butyl group or tert-amyl group, although a tert-butyl group is preferred industrially
Examples of the cyclic tertiary alkyl group include the same groups as those exemplified above in relation to the “acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group that contains an aliphatic cyclic group”, and specific examples include a 2-methyl-2-adamantyl group, 2-ethyl-2-adamantyl group, 2-(1-adamantyl)-2-propyl group, 1-ethylcyclohexyl group, 1-ethylcyclopentyl group, 1-methylcyclohexyl group and 1-methylcyclopentyl group. Groups of 6 to 21 carbon atoms are preferred.
Furthermore, the group —COOR4 may be bonded to either position 3 or 4 of the tetracyclododecanyl group shown in the formula, although the bonding position cannot be further specified. Furthermore, in a similar manner, the carboxyl group residue of the acrylate structural unit may be bonded to either position 8 or 9 within the formula.
The structural unit (a5) may be used as either a single structural unit or a combination of two or more different structural units.
The proportion of the structural unit (a5) within the component (A-12), relative to the combined total of all the structural units that constitute the component (A-12), is preferably within a range from 20 to 60 mol %, more preferably from 25 to 50 mol %, and is most preferably from 30 to 45 mol %. By ensuring that this proportion is at least as large as the lower limit of the above-mentioned range, a favorable resist pattern can be obtained, whereas ensuring that the proportion is not greater than the upper limit of the above-mentioned range enables a favorable balance to be achieved with the other structural units.
The component (A-12) preferably also includes, in addition to the structural unit (a5) described above, a structural unit derived from an acrylate ester that contains a lactone-containing cyclic group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a6)”). The structural unit (a6) is effective in improving the adhesion of the resist film to the support (such as a substrate), and in enhancing the hydrophilicity of the resin relative to a developing solution. Furthermore, the structural unit (a6) also enables the formation of a coating film that exhibits superior adhesion to a resist pattern.
In the structural unit (a6), a lower alkyl group or a hydrogen atom is preferably bonded to the α-position carbon atom. The lower alkyl group bonded to the α-position carbon atom is the same as that described above for the lower alkyl group of the structural unit (a5), and is preferably a methyl group.
Examples of the structural unit (a6) include structural units in which a monocyclic group formed from a lactone ring or a polycyclic cyclic group that includes a lactone ring is bonded to the ester side-chain portion of an acrylate ester.
The term “lactone ring” refers to a single ring containing a —O—C(O)— structure, and this ring is counted as the first ring. Accordingly, in this description, the case in which the only ring structure is the lactone ring is referred to as a monocyclic group, and groups containing other ring structures are described as polycyclic groups regardless of the structure of the other rings.
Examples of the structural unit (a6) include units that contain a monocyclic group in which one hydrogen atom has been removed from γ-butyrolactone, and units that contain a polycyclic group in which one hydrogen atom has been removed from a lactone ring-containing bicycloalkane.
Specifically, the structural unit (a6) is preferably at least one unit selected from general formulas (IV′) through (VII′) shown below.
wherein R is as defined above, and R5 and R6 each independently represents a hydrogen atom or a lower alkyl group.
In general formula (IV′), R5 and R6 each independently represents a hydrogen atom or a lower alkyl group, and preferably represents a hydrogen atom. The lower alkyl group for the groups R5 and R6 is preferably a linear or branched alkyl group of 1 to 5 carbon atoms, and specific examples include a methyl group, ethyl group, propyl group, isopropyl group, n-butyl group, isobutyl group, tert-butyl group, pentyl group, isopentyl group, and neopentyl group. A methyl group is preferred industrially.
Furthermore, amongst the structural units represented by general formulas (IV′) to (VII′), structural units represented by general formula (IV′) are low cost and therefore preferred industrially, and of the possible structural units represented by formula (IV′), α-methacryloyloxy-γ-butyrolactone, in which R is a methyl group, R5 and R6 are both hydrogen atoms, and the position of the ester linkage between the methacrylate ester and the γ-butyrolactone is at the α-position on the lactone ring, is the most desirable.
The structural unit (a6) may be used as either a single structural unit, or a combination of two or more different structural units.
The proportion of the structural unit (a6) within the component (A-12), relative to the combined total of all the structural units that constitute the component (A-12), is preferably within a range from 20 to 60 mol %, more preferably from 20 to 55 mol %, and is most preferably from 30 to 50 mol %. Ensuring that this proportion is at least as large as the lower limit of the above-mentioned range improves the lithography properties, whereas ensuring that the proportion is not greater than the upper limit of the above-mentioned range enables a favorable balance to be achieved with the other structural units.
The component (A-12) preferably also includes, either in addition to the structural unit (a5) described above, or in addition to the structural units (a5) and (a6), a structural unit derived from an acrylate ester that contains a polar group-containing aliphatic hydrocarbon group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a7)”).
Including the structural unit (a7) increases the hydrophilicity of the entire component (A-12), thereby improving the affinity with a developing solution, improving the alkali solubility within the exposed portions of the resist, and contributing to an improvement in the resolution. Furthermore, the structural unit (a7) also enables the formation of a coating film that exhibits superior adhesion to the resist pattern.
In the structural unit (a7), a lower alkyl group or a hydrogen atom is preferably bonded to the α-position carbon atom. The lower alkyl group bonded to the α-position carbon atom is the same as that described above for the lower alkyl group of the structural unit (a5), and is preferably a methyl group.
Examples of the polar group include a hydroxyl group, cyano group, carboxyl group, or amino group or the like, although a hydroxyl group is particularly preferred.
Examples of the polycyclic group include polycyclic groups selected from amongst the aliphatic cyclic groups exemplified above in relation to the “acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group that contains an aliphatic cyclic group” within the aforementioned structural unit (a5).
The structural unit (a7) is preferably at least one unit selected from general formulas (VIII′) and (IX′) shown below.
In general formula (VIII′), structural units in which n is 1, and the hydroxyl group is bonded to position 3 of the adamantyl group are preferred.
In general formula (IX′), structural units in which k is 1 are preferred. Furthermore, the cyano group is preferably bonded to position 5 or position 6 of the norbornyl group.
The structural unit (a7) may be used as either a single structural unit, or a combination of two or more different structural units.
The proportion of the structural unit (a7) within the component (A-12), relative to the combined total of all the structural units that constitute the component (A-12), is preferably within a range from 10 to 50 mol %, more preferably from 15 to 40 mol %, and is most preferably from 20 to 35 mol %. Ensuring that this proportion is at least as large as the lower limit of the above-mentioned range improves the lithography properties, whereas ensuring that the proportion is not greater than the upper limit of the above-mentioned range enables a favorable balance to be achieved with the other structural units.
In the component (A-12), the combined total of these structural units (a5) through (a7), relative to the combined total of all the structural units that constitute the component (A-12), is preferably within a range from 70 to 100 mol %, and is more preferably from 80 to 100 mol %.
The component (A-12) may also include a structural unit (a8) besides the aforementioned structural units (a5) through (a7).
There are no particular restrictions on the structural unit (a8), which may be any other structural unit that cannot be classified as one of the above structural units (a5) through (a7).
For example, structural units that contain a polycyclic aliphatic hydrocarbon group and are derived from an acrylate ester (and particularly from an (α-lower alkyl)acrylate ester) are preferred. Suitable examples of the polycyclic aliphatic hydrocarbon group include polycyclic groups selected from amongst the aliphatic cyclic groups exemplified above in relation to the “acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group that contains an aliphatic cyclic group”. In terms of factors such as industrial availability, at least one group selected from amongst a tricyclodecanyl group, adamantyl group, tetracyclododecanyl group, norbornyl group and isobornyl group is particularly preferred. The structural unit (a8) is most preferably a non-acid-dissociable group.
Specific examples of the structural unit (a8) include units having structures represented by general formulas (X) to (XII) shown below.
In those cases where a structural unit (a8) is included, the proportion of the structural unit (a8) within the component (A-12), relative to the combined total of all the structural units that constitute the component (A-12), is preferably within a range from 1 to 25 mol %, and is more preferably from 5 to 20 mol %.
The component (A-12) is preferably a copolymer that includes at least the structural units (a5), (a6), and (a7). Examples of such copolymers include copolymers formed solely from the aforementioned structural units (a5), (a6) and (a7), and copolymers formed from the structural units (a5), (a6), (a7) and (a8).
In the present invention, as these copolymers, copolymers containing a combination of structural units such as those shown below are particularly preferred.
In formula (A-12-1), the lower alkyl group for R10 is as defined for the lower alkyl group for R, is preferably a methyl group or an ethyl group, and is most preferably a methyl group.
In formula (A-12-2), the lower alkyl groups for R20 and R30 are as defined for the lower alkyl group for R, are each preferably a methyl group or an ethyl group, and more preferably a methyl group. Copolymers in which R20 and R30 are both methyl groups are the most desirable.
Hereafter, a copolymer represented by formula (A-12-1) is referred to as “resin (A-12-1)”, and a copolymer represented by formula (A-12-2) is referred to as “resin (A-12-2)”.
Within the component (A′), either a single type of component (A-1) may be used alone, or a combination of two or more types may be used.
In those cases where two or more types of the component (A-1) are used in combination, then in terms of improving the lithography properties, combining the resin (A-12-1) and the resin (A-12-2) is particularly desirable.
There are no particular limitations on the blend ratio (weight ratio) between the resin (A-12-1) and the resin (A-12-2), but in terms of achieving the effect described above, the ratio of resin (A-12-1):resin (A-12-2) is preferably within a range from 9:1 to 1:9, more preferably from 8:2 to 2:8, and most preferably from 7:3 to 3:7. Provided the blend ratio is within this range, the lithography properties can be further improved.
The component (A-1) can be obtained by polymerizing the monomers corresponding with each of the structural units using a conventional method. For example, the component (A-1) can be obtained by a conventional radical polymerization or the like of the monomers corresponding with each of the structural units, using a radical polymerization initiator such as azobisisobutyronitrile (AIBN).
Further, the component (A′) can be obtained, for example, by mixing resin components such as the component (A-1) obtained via the method described above.
The weight average molecular weight (Mw, the polystyrene equivalent weight average molecular weight determined by gel permeation chromatography, this also applies below) of the component (A-1) is preferably not more than 30,000, more preferably not more than 20,000, and still more preferably 12,000 or lower. The lower limit for this range is typically greater than 2,000, although from the viewpoints of inhibiting pattern collapse and achieving a favorable improvement in resolution and the like, the weight average molecular weight is preferably at least 4,000, and more preferably 5,000 or greater.
Furthermore, although there are no particular limitations on the dispersity (Mw/Mn), the dispersity is preferably within a range from 1.0 to 5.0, more preferably from 1.0 to 3.0, and most preferably from 1.2 to 2.5. Mn represents the number average molecular weight.
As the component (A-2), low molecular weight compounds having a molecular weight of at least 500 but not more than 2,000, containing a hydrophilic group, and also containing an acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group such as the group X or X′ described above in relation to the component (A-1) are preferred. Specific examples include compounds containing a plurality of phenol structures in which a portion of the hydroxyl group hydrogen atoms have been substituted with the acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting groups X or X′.
Preferred examples of the component (A-2) include low molecular weight phenol compounds in which a portion of the hydroxyl group hydrogen atoms have been substituted with the aforementioned acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting groups. These types of compounds are known, for example, as sensitizers or heat resistance improvers for use in non-chemically amplified g-line or i-line resists, and any of these compounds may be used.
Examples include bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)methane, bis(2,3,4-trihydroxyphenyl)methane, 2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-2-(4′-hydroxyphenyl)propane, 2-(2,3,4-trihydroxyphenyl)-2-(2′,3′,4′-trihydroxyphenyl)propane, tris(4-hydroxyphenyl)methane, bis(4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethylphenyl)-2-hydroxyphenylmethane, bis(4-hydroxy-2,5-dimethylphenyl)-2-hydroxyphenylmethane, bis(4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethylphenyl)-3,4-dihydroxyphenylmethane, bis(4-hydroxy-2,5-dimethylphenyl)-3,4-dihydroxyphenylmethane, bis(4-hydroxy-3-methylphenyl)-3,4-dihydroxyphenylmethane, bis(3-cyclohexyl-4-hydroxy-6-methylphenyl)-4-hydroxyphenylmethane, bis(3-cyclohexyl-4-hydroxy-6-methylphenyl)-3,4-dihydroxyphenylmethane, 1-[1-(4-hydroxyphenyl)isopropyl]-4-[1,1-bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl]benzene, and two, three or four benzene ring type compounds of formalin condensation products of phenols such as phenol, m-cresol, p-cresol and xylenol. Of course this is not a restrictive list.
Similarly, there are no particular restrictions on the acid-dissociable, dissolution-inhibiting group, and suitable examples include the groups described above.
As the component (B) within the first resist composition, known materials used as acid generators in conventional chemically amplified resists can be used.
Examples of these types of acid generators are numerous, and include onium salt-based acid generators such as iodonium salts and sulfonium salts, oxime sulfonate-based acid generators, diazomethane-based acid generators such as bisalkyl or bisaryl sulfonyl diazomethanes and poly(bis-sulfonyl)diazomethanes, nitrobenzylsulfonate-based acid generators, iminosulfonate-based acid generators, and disulfone-based acid generators.
Specific examples of the onium salt-based acid generators include diphenyliodonium trifluoromethanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, bis(4-tert-butylphenyl)iodonium trifluoromethanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, triphenylsulfonium trifluoromethanesulfonate, heptafluoropropanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, tri(4-methylphenyl)sulfonium trifluoromethanesulfonate, heptafluoropropanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, dimethyl(4-hydroxynaphthyl)sulfonium trifluoromethanesulfonate, heptafluoropropanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, monophenyldimethylsulfonium trifluoromethanesulfonate, heptafluoropropanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, diphenylmonomethylsulfonium trifluoromethanesulfonate, heptafluoropropanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, (4-methylphenyl)diphenylsulfonium trifluoromethanesulfonate, heptafluoropropanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, (4-methoxyphenyl)diphenylsulfonium trifluoromethanesulfonate, heptafluoropropanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, tri(4-tert-butyl)phenylsulfonium trifluoromethanesulfonate, heptafluoropropanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, diphenyl(1-(4-methoxy)naphthyl) sulfonium trifluoromethanesulfonate, heptafluoropropanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate, and di(1-naphthyl)phenylsulfonium trifluoromethanesulfonate, heptafluoropropanesulfonate or nonafluorobutanesulfonate. Further, it is also possible to use onium salts in which the anion moiety of these onium salts is replaced by methanesulfonate, n-propanesulfonate, n-butanesulfonate, or n-octanesulfonate.
wherein X″ represents an alkylene group of 2 to 6 carbon atoms in which at least one hydrogen atom has been substituted with a fluorine atom; and Y″ and Z″ each independently represents an alkyl group of 1 to 10 carbon atoms in which at least one hydrogen atom has been substituted with a fluorine atom.
X″ represents a linear or branched alkylene group in which at least one hydrogen atom has been substituted with a fluorine atom, wherein the alkylene group has 2 to 6 carbon atoms, preferably 3 to 5 carbon atoms, and most preferably 3 carbon atoms.
Each of Y″ and Z″ independently represents a linear or branched alkyl group in which at least one hydrogen atom has been substituted with a fluorine atom, wherein the alkyl group has 1 to 10 carbon atoms, preferably 1 to 7 carbon atoms, and most preferably 1 to 3 carbon atoms.
Within the above-mentioned ranges for the number of carbon atoms in the alkylene group for X″ or the alkyl group for Y″ and Z″, smaller numbers are preferred as they result in more favorable solubility within the resist solvent.
Further, in the alkylene group for X″ or the alkyl group for Y″ and Z″, it is preferable that the number of hydrogen atoms substituted with fluorine atoms is as large as possible, because the acid strength increases and the transparency to high energy radiation of 200 nm or less or an electron beam is improved. The proportion of fluorine atoms within the alkylene group or alkyl group, namely the fluorination ratio, is preferably from 70 to 100% and more preferably from 90 to 100%, and it is particularly desirable that the alkylene group or alkyl group is a perfluoroalkylene or perfluoroalkyl group in which all the hydrogen atoms are substituted with fluorine atoms.
Specific examples of suitable oxime sulfonate compounds include α-(methylsulfonyloxyimino)-phenyl acetonitrile, α-(methylsulfonyloxyimino)-p-methoxyphenyl acetonitrile, α-(trifluoromethylsulfonyloxyimino)-phenyl acetonitrile, α-(trifluoromethylsulfonyloxyimino)-p-methoxyphenyl acetonitrile, α-(ethylsulfonyloxyimino)-p-methoxyphenyl acetonitrile, α-(propylsulfonyloxyimino)-p-methylphenyl acetonitrile, and α-(methylsulfonyloxyimino)-p-bromophenyl acetonitrile. Of these, α-(methylsulfonyloxyimino)-p-methoxyphenyl acetonitrile is preferred.
In the present invention, as the component (B), the use of an onium salt in which the anion is either a fluorinated alkylsulfonate ion or an anion moiety represented by general formula (b-3) is preferred.
The quantity used of the component (B) is typically within a range from 1 to 20 parts by weight, and preferably from 2 to 10 parts by weight, per 100 parts by weight of the component (A). Ensuring that the quantity is at least as large as the lower limit of the above-mentioned range enables favorable pattern formation, whereas ensuring that the quantity is not greater than the upper limit of the above-mentioned range facilitates the production of a uniform solution, and enables favorable storage stability to be achieved.
In order to improve the pattern shape and the post exposure stability of the latent image formed by the pattern-wise exposure of the resist layer, the first resist composition preferably also includes a nitrogen-containing organic compound (D) (hereafter also referred to as “component (D)”) as an optional component.
A multitude of these components (D) have already been proposed, and any of these known compounds may be used, although an amine, and in particular a secondary lower aliphatic amine or tertiary lower aliphatic amine, is preferred.
Here, a lower aliphatic amine refers to an alkyl or alkyl alcohol amine of not more than 5 carbon atoms, and examples of these secondary and tertiary amines include trimethylamine, diethylamine, triethylamine, di-n-propylamine, tri-n-propylamine, tripentylamine, diethanolamine, triethanolamine and triisopropanolamine, and tertiary alkanolamines such as triethanolamine and triisopropanolamine are particularly preferred.
The component (D) is typically added in a quantity within a range from 0.01 to 5.0 parts by weight per 100 parts by weight of the component (A).
Furthermore, in the first resist composition, in order to prevent any deterioration in sensitivity caused by the addition of the above component (D), and improve the resist pattern shape and the post exposure stability of the latent image formed by the pattern-wise exposure of the resist layer, an organic carboxylic acid, or a phosphorus oxo acid or derivative thereof (E) (hereafter also referred to as “component (E)”) may also be added as another optional component. The component (D) and the component (E) can be used in combination, or either one can also be used alone.
As the organic carboxylic acid, compounds such as malonic acid, citric acid, malic acid, succinic acid, benzoic acid and salicylic acid are preferred.
Examples of the phosphorus oxo acid or derivative thereof include phosphoric acid or derivatives thereof such as esters, including phosphoric acid, di-n-butyl phosphate and diphenyl phosphate; phosphonic acid or derivatives thereof such as esters, including phosphonic acid, dimethyl phosphonate, di-n-butyl phosphonate, phenylphosphonic acid, diphenyl phosphonate, and dibenzyl phosphonate; and phosphinic acid or derivatives thereof such as esters, including phosphinic acid and phenylphosphinic acid. Of these, phosphonic acid is particularly preferred.
The component (E) is typically used in a quantity within a range from 0.01 to 5.0 parts by weight per 100 parts by weight of the component (A).
Other miscible additives can also be added to the first resist composition according to need, including additive resins for improving the properties of the applied film of the resist composition, surfactants for improving the coating properties, dissolution inhibitors, plasticizers, stabilizers, colorants and halation prevention agents.
The first resist composition can be prepared by dissolving the materials for the resist composition in an organic solvent (S).
The component (S) may be any solvent capable of dissolving the various components used to generate a uniform solution, and one or more solvents selected from known materials used as the solvents for conventional resist compositions can be used.
Specific examples of the solvent include lactones such as γ-butyrolactone; ketones such as acetone, methyl ethyl ketone, cyclohexanone, methyl n-amyl ketone (MAK), methyl isoamyl ketone and 2-heptanone; monohydric or polyhydric alcohols such as ethylene glycol, ethylene glycol monoacetate, diethylene glycol, diethylene glycol monoacetate, propylene glycol, propylene glycol monoacetate, propylene glycol monomethyl ether acetate (PGMEA), dipropylene glycol, and dipropylene glycol monoacetate; polyhydric alcohol derivatives such as the monomethyl ethers, monoethyl ethers, monopropyl ethers, monobutyl ethers or monophenyl ethers of the above alcohols; cyclic ethers such as dioxane; and esters such as methyl lactate, ethyl lactate (EL), methyl acetate, ethyl acetate, butyl acetate, methyl pyruvate, ethyl pyruvate, methyl methoxypropionate, and ethyl ethoxypropionate. Of these, PGMEA, EL, and propylene glycol monomethyl ether (PGME) are preferred.
These organic solvents may be used either alone, or as a mixed solvent of two or more different solvents.
In the case of a mixed solvent of two or more solvents, a mixed solvent containing PGMEA is preferred. Specifically, a mixed solvent of PGMEA and MAK is preferable. In this case, the mixing ratio between the two solvents, reported as a weight ratio PGMEA:MAK, is preferably within a range from 1:9 to 9:1, more preferably from 2:8 to 8:2, and still more preferably from 3:7 to 7:3.
There are no particular restrictions on the quantity used of the component (S), and a quantity that produces a solution having a concentration that enables the first resist composition to be applied satisfactorily to a support is used.
In the method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention, a negative resist composition containing an ether-based organic solvent (S″) having no hydroxyl groups is used as the second resist composition.
This second resist composition (negative resist composition) is preferably a chemically amplified resist composition.
In the present invention, the negative resist composition is preferably obtained by dissolving an alkali-soluble resin component (A″) (hereafter frequently referred to as “component (A″)”), an acid generator component (B) that generates acid upon exposure, and a cross-linker component (C) (hereafter frequently referred to as “component (C)”) in the aforementioned ether-based organic solvent (S″).
In this negative resist composition, when acid is generated from the component (B) upon exposure, the action of the acid causes cross-linking between the component (A″) and the component (C), causing the component (A″) to change from an alkali-soluble state to an alkali-insoluble state. Therefore, in the formation of a resist pattern, by conducting selective exposure of a resist film formed by applying the negative resist composition to a support such as a substrate, the exposed portions become alkali-insoluble, whereas the unexposed portions remain alkali-soluble, meaning alkali developing can then be conducted.
In the negative resist composition, the component (A″) is preferably an alkali-soluble resin having a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group such as that represented by general formula (a1-1-1) shown below.
Specific examples of preferred forms of the component (A″) include components that include a resin (A1), which contains a structural unit (a1″) containing, within the main chain, an aliphatic cyclic group having a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group, and preferably also contains a structural unit (a2″) having a hydroxyalkyl group.
Further, another preferred form of the component (A″) includes a resin (A2), which contains a structural unit containing an aliphatic cyclic group having a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group, and preferably also contains a structural unit derived from an acrylate ester containing a hydroxyl group-containing aliphatic cyclic group, and/or a structural unit derived from an acrylic acid that has no cyclic structure and has an alcoholic hydroxyl group on a side chain.
In the present invention, the resin (A1) includes a structural unit (a1″) containing, within the main chain, an aliphatic cyclic group having a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a1″)”).
Further, the resin (A1) preferably also includes, in addition to the structural unit (a1″), a structural unit (a2″) having a hydroxyalkyl group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a2″)”).
The resin (A1) includes a structural unit (a1″) containing, within the main chain, an aliphatic cyclic group having a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group.
In the structural unit (a1″), the “aliphatic cyclic group having a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group” refers to a group in which a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group is bonded to a carbon atom that constitutes part of a ring of an aliphatic cyclic group.
Furthermore, the description of the aliphatic cyclic group as being “within the main chain” means that at least one, and preferably two or more carbon atoms within the ring structure of the aliphatic cyclic group constitute part of the main chain of the resin (A1).
In the present invention, by using a component (A″) that includes the resin (A1) containing the structural unit (a1″), the solubility of the resist film within an alkali developing solution is enhanced, and lithography properties such as the resist pattern shape and the line width roughness (LWR) are also improved. Further, because the resin (A1) includes the aliphatic cyclic group (such as a norbornane or tetracyclododecane structure) within the main chain, the carbon density is increased, yielding an improvement in the etching resistance.
Here, a “fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group” refers to a hydroxyalkyl group, in which a portion of the hydrogen atoms of an alkyl group have been substituted with hydroxyl groups, wherein some or all of the remaining hydrogen atoms within the hydroxyalkyl group have been substituted with fluorine atoms.
In a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group, the fluorination increases the ease with which the hydrogen atom of the hydroxyl group is released.
In the fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group, the alkyl group is preferably a linear or branched alkyl group.
Although there are no particular limitations on the number of carbon atoms within the alkyl group, the number of carbon atoms is preferably within a range from 1 to 20, more preferably from 4 to 16, and most preferably from 4 to 12.
There are no particular limitations on the number of hydroxyl groups, although a single hydroxyl group is preferred.
As the fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group, of the various possibilities, groups in which a fluorinated alkyl group and/or a fluorine atom is bonded to the carbon atom to which the hydroxyl group is bonded (namely, the α-position carbon atom of the hydroxyalkyl group) are preferred.
Furthermore, the fluorinated alkyl group bonded to the α-position is preferably a group in which all of the hydrogen atoms of the alkyl group have been substituted with fluorine atoms. Furthermore, as the alkyl group of this fluorinated alkyl group, a linear or branched alkyl group of 1 to 5 carbon atoms is preferred, and an alkyl group of one carbon atom is the most desirable.
The term “aliphatic” in the expression “aliphatic cyclic group having a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group” is a relative concept used in relation to the term “aromatic”, and defines a group or compound or the like that contains no aromaticity. The aliphatic cyclic group may be either monocyclic or polycyclic.
The expression “monocyclic aliphatic cyclic group” describes a monocyclic group that contains no aromaticity, whereas the expression “polycyclic aliphatic cyclic group” describes a polycyclic group that contains no aromaticity.
The aliphatic cyclic group includes both hydrocarbon groups formed solely from carbon and hydrogen (alicyclic groups), and heterocyclic groups in which some of the carbon atoms that constitute the ring structure of an alicyclic group have been substituted with hetero atoms such as an oxygen atom, nitrogen atom, or sulfur atom. These aliphatic cyclic groups may include substituents, and examples of these substituents include alkyl groups of 1 to 5 carbon atoms.
The expression “include substituents” means that some or all of the hydrogen atoms bonded to the carbon atoms that constitute the ring structure of the aliphatic cyclic group have been substituted with substituents (atoms other than a hydrogen atom, or groups). In the present invention, an alicyclic group is preferred as the aliphatic cyclic group.
The aliphatic cyclic group may be either saturated or unsaturated, although a saturated group is preferred, as such groups exhibit superior transparency to ArF excimer lasers and the like, and also exhibit excellent resolution and depth of focus (DOF) and the like.
The number of carbon atoms within the aliphatic cyclic group is preferably within a range from 5 to 15.
Examples of the monocyclic groups include groups in which two or more hydrogen atoms have been removed from a cycloalkane. Specific examples include groups in which two or more hydrogen atoms have been removed from cyclopentane or cyclohexane, and groups in which two or more hydrogen atom have been removed from cyclohexane are preferred.
Examples of the polycyclic groups include groups in which two or more hydrogen atoms have been removed from a bicycloalkane, a tricycloalkane or a tetracycloalkane or the like. Specific examples include groups in which two or more hydrogen atoms have been removed from a polycycloalkane such as adamantane, norbornane, isobornane, tricyclodecane or tetracyclododecane.
These types of aliphatic cyclic groups can be selected appropriately from the multitude of groups that have been proposed for the resins of photoresist compositions used in ArF excimer laser processes.
Of the various possibilities, groups in which two or more hydrogen atoms have been removed from cyclohexane, adamantane, norbornane or tetracyclododecane are readily available industrially, and are consequently preferred.
Of the alicyclic groups exemplified above, groups such as those shown in a structural unit (a1-1) below, in which three hydrogen atoms have been removed from norbornane or tetracyclododecane, are preferred, and groups in which three hydrogen atoms have been removed from norbornane are particularly desirable.
Of the units included within the definition of the structural unit (a1″), structural units (a1-1) represented by general formula (a1-1) shown below are preferred. By including the structural unit (a1-1), the solubility of the resin in an alkali developing solution improves significantly. Furthermore, the lithography properties such as the resolution are also improved.
Further, in formula (a1-1), examples of the “fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group” represented by Z include the same groups as those exemplified above. Of these, Z is preferably a group represented by general formula (a1-1-1) shown below, as such groups yield a particularly superior resist pattern shape as well as reduced levels of line edge roughness (LER) and the like.
wherein R11″ and R12″ each independently represents a hydrogen atom or a lower alkyl group, m″ and n″ each independently represents an integer of 1 to 5, and q also represents an integer of 1 to 5.
In formula (a1-1-1), R11″ and R12″ each independently represents a hydrogen atom or a lower alkyl group.
As the lower alkyl group, a linear or branched lower alkyl group of not more than carbon atoms is preferred, and specific examples thereof include a methyl group, ethyl group, propyl group, isopropyl group, n-butyl group, isobutyl group, tert-butyl group, pentyl group, isopentyl group or neopentyl group, and a methyl group is particularly desirable.
Of the various possibilities, groups in which R11″ and R12″ are both hydrogen atoms are particularly desirable.
m″ and n″ each independently represents an integer of 1 to 5, and preferably an integer of 1 to 3. Groups in which m″ and n″ are both 1 are preferred in terms of ease of synthesis.
The structural unit (a1″) may use either one type of structural unit, or a mixture of two or more types.
In addition to the structural unit (a1″), the resin (A1) preferably also includes a structural unit (a2″) having a hydroxyalkyl group.
In the present invention, including a resin (A1) containing the structural unit (a2″) within the component (A″) improves the solubility of the component (A″) within an alkali developing solution. Further, the cross-linking of the component (A″) with the component (C) is enhanced, meaning the difference in the solubility within the alkali developing solution (the contrast) between the exposed portions and the unexposed portions can be increased, enabling the composition to function more effectively as a negative resist.
As the structural unit (a2″), units such as a structural unit (a210) that contains, within the main chain, an aliphatic cyclic group having a hydroxyalkyl group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a210)”), and a structural unit (a220) derived from an acrylate ester having a hydroxyl group-containing alkyl group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a220)”) are preferred.
The structural unit (a2″) may use either one type of structural unit, or a mixture of two or more types.
Examples of the structural unit (a210) include the same units as those exemplified above for the structural unit (a1″), with the exception that the “fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group” within the structural unit (a1″) is replaced with an unfluorinated hydroxyalkyl group, namely a hydroxyalkyl group in which a portion of the hydrogen atoms of an alkyl group have been substituted with hydroxyl groups, and the remaining hydrogen atoms have not been substituted with fluorine atoms.
Of the units included within this definition of the structural unit (a210), structural units (a2-1) represented by general formula (a2-1) shown below are preferred. By including the structural unit (a2-1), lithography properties such as the resist pattern shape and the line width roughness (LWR) are improved. Further, a favorable contrast is more readily obtained, and the etching resistance also improves.
wherein R1″ and R2″ each independently represents a hydrogen atom or a lower alkyl group, Y represents a hydrogen atom or a hydroxyalkyl group, r represents either 0 or 1, and p represents an integer of 1 to 3.
The structural unit (a2-1) represented by general formula (a2-1) is a structural unit containing, within the main chain, a norbornane or tetracyclododecane structure having a hydroxyalkyl group.
In formula (a2-1), R1″ and R2″ each independently represents a hydrogen atom or a lower alkyl group. Examples of the lower alkyl group include the same groups as those exemplified above for the lower alkyl groups represented by R11″ and R12″ in formula (a1-1-1). Of the various possibilities, groups in which R1″ and R2″ are both hydrogen atoms are particularly desirable.
As the hydroxyalkyl group, a linear or branched hydroxyalkyl group of 1 to 10 carbon atoms is preferred, a linear or branched hydroxyalkyl group of 1 to 8 carbon atoms is more preferred, and a linear lower hydroxyalkyl group of 1 to 3 carbon atoms is still more preferred.
There are no particular limitations on the number of hydroxyl groups or the bonding positions of those hydroxyl groups within the hydroxyalkyl group, although a single hydroxyl group is typical, and this hydroxyl group is preferably bonded to the alkyl group terminal.
Specific examples of the structural unit (a2-1) include units represented by chemical formulas (a2-1-1) to (a2-1-7) shown below.
Of these structural units, those represented by the above-mentioned chemical formulas (a2-1-1), (a2-1-2) and (a2-1-3) are preferred.
The structural unit (a210) may use either one type of structural unit, or a mixture of two or more types.
The structural unit (a220) is a structural unit derived from an acrylate ester having a hydroxyl group-containing alkyl group.
If the structural unit (a220) is a structural unit that includes a hydroxyl group-containing cyclic alkyl group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a221)”), then the resist pattern swelling suppression effect is further enhanced. Further, the resolution is also improved. Furthermore, favorable levels of contrast and etching resistance are also more readily obtained.
Examples of the structural unit (a221) include those units, amongst the structural units exemplified below in the description of a “structural unit (a22) derived from an acrylate ester containing a hydroxyl group-containing aliphatic cyclic group” that constitutes a resin (A2) described below, in which the aliphatic cyclic group is a saturated hydrocarbon group. Of these structural units, units in which the substituent bonded to the α-position of the acrylate ester is a fluorine atom or a fluorinated alkyl group are preferred, and this substituent is more preferably a fluorinated alkyl group, and most preferably a trifluoromethyl group (—CF3).
Furthermore, if the structural unit (a220) is a structural unit that includes a hydroxyl group-containing chain-like alkyl group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a222)”), then the hydrophilicity of the entire component (A″) is increased, the solubility of the component within an alkali developing solution is improved, and the resolution also improves. Further, the controllability of the cross-linking reaction that occurs during resist pattern formation improves, yielding improvements in the pattern shape and the resolution. Moreover, the film density also tends to increase, and this enables suppression of thickness loss during etching, and tends to also improve the heat resistance.
Examples of the structural unit (a222) include those units, amongst the structural units exemplified below in the description of a “structural unit (a23) derived from an acrylic acid that has no cyclic structure and has an alcoholic hydroxyl group on a side chain” that constitutes the resin (A2) described below, that include a hydroxyalkyl group. Of these structural units, units having a hydroxyalkyl group at the ester portion of the acrylate ester are preferred, structural units in which the substituent bonded to the α-position of the acrylate ester is a fluorine atom or a fluorinated alkyl group are more preferred, and this substituent is still more preferably a fluorinated alkyl group, and most preferably a trifluoromethyl group (—CF3).
The structural unit (a220) may use either one type of structural unit, or a mixture of two or more types.
In those cases where the structural unit (a220) includes both the structural unit (a221) and the structural unit (a222), the mixing ratio between the two structural units, reported as a molar ratio, is preferably such that the ratio of structural unit (a221): structural unit (a222) is from 9:1 to 1:9, more preferably from 8:2 to 2:8, and most preferably from 6:4 to 7:3.
By including the structural unit (a221) and the structural unit (a222) in a favorable balance that satisfies the above-mentioned mixing ratio, a favorable exposure margin can be obtained. Further, a suitable level of contrast is obtained, and the resolution is improved. Moreover, the etching resistance also improves.
In the negative resist composition of the present invention, besides the structural units (a1″) and (a2″) described above, the component (A″) may also include other structural units typically used in the component (A″) of conventional chemically amplified resist compositions.
However, in the present invention, the resin (A1) is preferably a resin in which the structural units (a1″) and (a2″) represent the main components.
Here the term “main components” means that the combined quantity of the structural unit (a1″) and the structural unit (a2″) preferably represents at least 70 mol %, and more preferably 80 mol % or more of the resin (A1). Of the various possibilities, resins in which the combination of the structural units (a1″) and (a2″) represents 100 mol % of the resin are the most desirable.
In the present invention, the combination of the structural unit (a1″) and the structural unit (a2″) within the resin (A1) is preferably a combination of the structural unit (a1″) and the structural unit (a210). Examples of this combination include the combinations of structural units represented by chemical formulas (A1-1) to (A1-4) shown below.
In the present invention, the weight average molecular weight (Mw, the polystyrene equivalent molecular weight measured by gel permeation chromatography) of the resin (A1) is preferably within a range from 2,000 to 10,000, more preferably from 3,000 to 6,000, and most preferably from 3,000 to 5,000. Ensuring that this molecular weight is at least as large as the lower limit of the above-mentioned range enables good contrast to be obtained, whereas ensuring the molecular weight is not more than the upper limit of the above-mentioned range can suppress swelling of the resist pattern. As a result, the resolution can be improved. Further, suppressing swelling of the pattern also yields an improvement in the depth of focus (DOF) properties and improved suppression of line edge roughness (LER). Furthermore, ensuring a weight average molecular weight within the above range is preferred in terms of achieving a large suppression effect on resist pattern swelling. Lower weight average molecular weights within the above-mentioned range tend to yield more favorable properties.
Further, the dispersity (Mw/Mn) is preferably within a range from 1.0 to 5.0, and is more preferably from 1.0 to 2.5.
When the resin (A1) is used in the component (A″), one type of the resin (A1) may be used alone, or a mixture of two or more types may be used.
In those cases where the resin (A1) is used, the proportion of the resin (A1) within the component (A″) is preferably at least 70 mol %, more preferably 80 mol % or greater, and is most preferably 100 mol %.
In the present invention, the resin (A2) includes a structural unit containing an aliphatic cyclic group having a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a21)).
Further, in addition to the structural unit (a21), the resin (A2) preferably also includes a structural unit derived from an acrylate ester containing a hydroxyl group-containing aliphatic cyclic group (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a22)).
Furthermore, in addition to the structural unit (a21), or in addition to a combination of the structural unit (a21) and the structural unit (a22), the resin (A2) preferably also includes a structural unit derived from an acrylic acid that has no cyclic structure and has an alcoholic hydroxyl group on a side chain (hereafter abbreviated as “structural unit (a23)).
The structural unit (a21) is a structural unit that includes an aliphatic cyclic group having a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group. Including the structural unit (a21) improves the solubility in an alkali developing solution. Further, swelling of the resist is suppressed, and lithography properties such as the pattern shape and LWR are improved.
The aliphatic cyclic group having a fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group is the same as that described above for the structural unit (a1″), and as the aliphatic cyclic group (prior to the bonding of the fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group), groups in which two hydrogen atoms have been removed from cyclohexane, adamantane, norbornane or tetracyclododecane are readily available industrially, and are consequently preferred.
Of these monocyclic and polycyclic groups, a group in which two hydrogen atoms have been removed from norbornane is particularly desirable.
The structural unit (a21) is preferably a structural unit derived from acrylic acid. A structure in which the above-mentioned aliphatic cyclic group is bonded to the oxygen atom (—O—) at the terminal of the carbonyloxy group [—C(O)—O—] of an acrylate ester (namely, a structure in which the hydrogen atom of the carboxyl group of acrylic acid has been substituted with the aliphatic cyclic group) is particularly desirable.
As the structural unit (a21), structural units represented by general formula (1) shown below are preferred.
wherein R′ represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom, an alkyl group or a halogenated alkyl group, and s, t and t′ each independently represents an integer of 1 to 5.
In formula (1), R′ represents a hydrogen atom, a halogen atom, an alkyl group or a halogenated alkyl group. Examples of the halogen atom, alkyl group or halogenated alkyl group for R′ include the same groups as those exemplified above for the halogen atom, alkyl group or halogenated alkyl group that may be bonded to the α-position of the above-mentioned acrylate ester.
Examples of the halogen atom for R′ include a fluorine atom, chlorine atom, bromine atom or iodine atom, and a fluorine atom is particularly preferred.
As the alkyl group for R′, a lower alkyl group of not more than 5 carbon atoms is preferred, and examples thereof include a methyl group, ethyl group, propyl group, isopropyl group, n-butyl group, isobutyl group, tert-butyl group, pentyl group, isopentyl group or neopentyl group, and a methyl group is particularly desirable.
The halogenated alkyl group for R′ is preferably a group in which at least one hydrogen atom of a lower alkyl group of not more than 5 carbon atoms has been substituted with a halogen atom. Specific examples of the alkyl group include the same groups as those exemplified above. The hydrogen atoms substituted by the halogen atoms may represent some or all of the hydrogen atoms that constitute the alkyl group.
In the present invention, R′ is preferably a hydrogen atom or an alkyl group, and in terms of industrial availability, is most preferably a hydrogen atom or a methyl group.
Each s independently represents an integer of 1 to 5, preferably an integer of 1 to 3, and most preferably 1.
The structural unit (a21) represented by general formula (1) preferably has a 2-norbornyl group or 3-norbornyl group bonded to the terminal of the carboxyl group of the (α-lower alkyl)acrylic acid. The fluorinated alkyl alcohol is preferably bonded to the 5th or 6th position of the norbornyl group.
The structural unit (a21) may use either one type of structural unit, or a mixture of two or more types.
In addition to the structural unit (a21), the resin (A2) preferably also includes a structural unit (a22) derived from an acrylate ester containing a hydroxyl group-containing aliphatic cyclic group.
When a resin (A2) that includes the structural unit (a22) is blended into the negative resist composition, the hydroxyl group (the alcoholic hydroxyl group) of this structural unit (a22) reacts with the component (C) under the action of the acid generated from the component (B), and this reaction causes the resin (A2) to change from a state that is soluble in the alkali developing solution to a state that is insoluble.
The expression “hydroxyl group-containing aliphatic cyclic group” describes a group in which a hydroxyl group is bonded to an aliphatic cyclic group.
The number of hydroxyl groups bonded to the aliphatic cyclic group is preferably within a range from 1 to 3, and is most preferably 1.
The aliphatic cyclic group may be either monocyclic or polycyclic, but is preferably a polycyclic group. Furthermore, an alicyclic hydrocarbon group is preferred. Moreover, a saturated group is preferred. Furthermore, the number of carbon atoms within the aliphatic cyclic group is preferably within a range from 5 to 15.
Specific examples of the aliphatic cyclic group (prior to bonding of the hydroxyl group) include the same aliphatic cyclic groups as those exemplified above in relation to the structural unit (a21).
As the aliphatic cyclic group of the structural unit (a22), of the groups described above, a cyclohexyl group, adamantyl group, norbornyl group and tetracyclododecanyl group are readily available commercially, and are consequently preferred. Of these, a cyclohexyl group or adamantyl group is particularly preferred, and an adamantyl group is the most desirable.
Besides the hydroxyl group, a linear or branched alkyl group of 1 to 4 carbon atoms may also be bonded to the aliphatic cyclic group.
In the structural unit (a22), the hydroxyl group-containing aliphatic cyclic group is preferably bonded to the ester group (—C(O)—O—) of the acrylate ester.
As specific examples of the structural unit (a22), structural units represented by general formula (2) shown below are preferred.
wherein R′ is as defined above, R″ represents a hydrogen atom, an alkyl group or an alkoxy group of 1 to 5 carbon atoms, and r′ represents an integer of 1 to 3.
Although there are no particular limitations on the bonding position of the hydroxyl group, units in which the hydroxyl group is bonded to the 3rd position of the adamantyl group are preferred.
The structural unit (a22) may use either one type of structural unit, or a mixture of two or more types.
In addition to the structural unit (a21), or in addition to both the structural unit (a21) and the structural unit (a22), the resin (A2) preferably also includes a structural unit (a23) derived from an acrylic acid that has no cyclic structure and has an alcoholic hydroxyl group on a side chain.
When a resin (A2) that includes the structural unit (a23) is blended into the negative resist composition, the alcoholic hydroxyl group of this structural unit (a23) reacts with the component (C), together with the hydroxyl group of the structural unit (a22), under the action of the acid generated from the component (B).
Accordingly, the resin (A2) changes more readily from a state that is soluble in the alkali developing solution to a state that is insoluble, which has the effect of improving the lithography properties such as the resolution. Further, thickness loss can also be suppressed. Furthermore, the controllability of the cross-linking reaction that occurs during pattern formation improves. Moreover, the film density also tends to increase. As a result, the heat resistance tends to improve. Moreover, the etching resistance also improves.
In the structural unit (a23), the expression “has no cyclic structure” means that the structural unit includes no aliphatic cyclic groups or aromatic groups.
The structural unit (a23) is readily distinguishable from the structural unit (a22) as a result of having no cyclic structure.
Examples of structural units that include an alcoholic hydroxyl group on a side chain include structural units having a hydroxyalkyl group.
Examples of this hydroxyalkyl group include the same hydroxyalkyl groups as those within the “fluorinated hydroxyalkyl group” described above in relation to the structural unit (a21).
The hydroxyalkyl group may, for example, be bonded directly to the α-position carbon atom of the main chain (the portion formed by cleavage of the ethylenic double bond of the acrylic acid), or may form an ester group through substitution of the hydrogen atom of the acrylic acid carboxyl group.
In the structural unit (a23), the hydroxyalkyl group preferably exists at either one, or both of these locations.
In those cases where the hydroxyalkyl group is not bonded to the α-position, the hydrogen atom at the α-position carbon atom may be replaced with an alkyl group, a halogenated alkyl group or a halogen atom. These substituents are as defined above for R′ within general formula (1).
As the structural unit (a23), structural units represented by general formula (3) shown below are preferred.
wherein R4″ represents a hydrogen atom, an alkyl group, a halogenated alkyl group, a halogen atom or a hydroxyalkyl group, and R3″ represents a hydrogen atom, an alkyl group or a hydroxyalkyl group, provided that at least one of R4″ and R3″ represents a hydroxyalkyl group.
The hydroxyalkyl group for R4″ is preferably a hydroxyalkyl group of not more than 10 carbon atoms, is preferably a linear or branched group, is more preferably a hydroxyalkyl group of 2 to 8 carbon atoms, and is most preferably a hydroxymethyl group or a hydroxyethyl group.
There are no particular limitations on the number of hydroxyl groups or the bonding positions of those groups, although one hydroxyl group is typical, and the hydroxyl group is preferably bonded to the terminal of the alkyl group.
The alkyl group for R4″ is preferably an alkyl group of not more than 10 carbon atoms, even more preferably an alkyl group of 2 to 8 carbon atoms, and is most preferably an ethyl group or a methyl group.
The halogenated alkyl group for R4″ is preferably a lower alkyl group of not more than 5 carbon atoms (most preferably an ethyl group or methyl group) in which some or all of the hydrogen atoms have been substituted with halogen atoms (and preferably fluorine atoms).
Examples of the halogen atom include a fluorine atom, chlorine atom, bromine atom or iodine atom, and a fluorine atom is particularly desirable.
As the alkyl group and hydroxyalkyl group for R3″, the same groups as the alkyl group and hydroxyalkyl group for R4″ can be exemplified.
Specific examples of the structural units represented by general formula (3) include structural units derived from α-(hydroxyalkyl)acrylic acids (but not including structural units derived from acrylate esters), structural units derived from alkyl α-(hydroxyalkyl)acrylate esters, and structural units derived from hydroxyalkyl (α-alkyl)acrylate esters.
Of these, including a structural unit derived from an alkyl α-(hydroxyalkyl)acrylate ester as the structural unit (a23) is preferred in terms of improving the film density. Of the various possibilities, structural units derived from ethyl α-(hydroxymethyl)acrylate or methyl α-(hydroxymethyl)acrylate are particularly desirable.
Furthermore, including a structural unit derived from a hydroxyalkyl (α-alkyl)acrylate ester as the structural unit (a23) is preferred in terms of improving the cross-linking efficiency. Of such units, structural units derived from hydroxyethyl α-methyl-acrylate or hydroxymethyl α-methyl-acrylate are particularly desirable.
The structural unit (a23) may use either one type of structural unit, or a mixture of two or more types.
Besides each of the structural units (a21) to (a23) described above, the resin (A2) may also include other copolymerizable structural units.
As such structural units, any of the structural units used in known resin components of conventional chemically amplified resist compositions can be used. An example is a structural unit (a24) derived from an acrylate ester that includes a lactone-containing monocyclic or polycyclic group.
Examples of the structural unit (a24) include the same structural units as those exemplified above for the structural unit (a6) of the above-mentioned positive resist composition.
The structural unit (a24) may use either one type of structural unit, or a mixture of two or more types.
However, in the present invention, the resin (A2) is preferably a resin in which the structural units (a21) to (a23) represent the main components.
Here, the term “main components” means that the combined quantity of the structural units (a21) to (a23) represents at least 50 mol %, preferably at least 70 mol %, and more preferably 80 mol % or more, of all the structural units. Resins (A2) in which this proportion is 100 mol %, namely resins (A2) composed solely of the structural unit (a21), the structural unit (a22) and the structural unit (a23), are the most desirable.
As the resin (A2), resins that include a combination of structural units such as that represented by formula (A2-1) shown below are particularly desirable.
In the present invention, the weight average molecular weight (Mw, the polystyrene equivalent weight average molecular weight determined by gel permeation chromatography) of the resin (A2) is preferably within a range from 2,000 to 30,000, more preferably from 2,000 to 10,000, and most preferably from 3,000 to 8,000. Ensuring a molecular weight within this range is preferred in terms of obtaining a favorable dissolution rate within an alkali developing solution, and achieving a high level of resolution. For the weight average molecular weight, lower values within the above-mentioned range tend to yield more favorable properties.
Further, the dispersity (Mw/Mn) is preferably within a range from 1.0 to 5.0, and more preferably from 1.0 to 2.5.
When the resin (A2) is used in the component (A″), one type of the resin (A2) may be used alone, or a mixture of two or more types may be used.
In those cases where the resin (A2) is used, the proportion of the resin (A2) within the component (A″) is preferably at least 50% by weight, more preferably at least 70% by weight, still more preferably 80% by weight or greater, and is most preferably 100% by weight.
The component (A″) used in the present invention can be synthesized, for example, by a method in which the monomers that give rise to each of the structural units are subjected to a radical polymerization, such as the method disclosed in WO 2004/076495 pamphlet.
Besides the resin (A1) and the resin (A2), the component (A″) may also contain other polymer compounds typically used within conventional negative resist compositions (such as hydroxystyrene resins, novolak resins or acrylic resins).
In the present invention, the quantity of the component (A″) within the negative resist composition may be adjusted in accordance with the resist film thickness that is to be formed.
The component (B) can be selected appropriately from the many known materials used as acid generators in conventional chemically amplified resists.
Examples of the component (B) include the same materials as those exemplified above for the component (B) of the above-mentioned first resist composition.
As the component (B), either a single type of acid generator may be used alone, or a combination of two or more types may be used.
In the present invention, of the various possibilities, the use of a diazomethane-based acid generator is preferred, and the use of bis(2,4-dimethylphenylsulfonyl)diazomethane is the most desirable.
The quantity used of the component (B) is typically within a range from 1 to 20 parts by weight, and preferably from 2 to 10 parts by weight, per 100 parts by weight of the component (A″). Ensuring the quantity is at least as large as the lower limit of the above-mentioned range yields satisfactory pattern formation, whereas by ensuring that the quantity is not more than the upper limit of the above-mentioned range, a uniform solution can be obtained and favorable storage stability can be achieved.
There are no particular limitations on the component (C), which may be selected appropriately from the various cross-linkers used within conventional chemically amplified negative resist compositions.
Specific examples include aliphatic cyclic hydrocarbons containing a hydroxyl group and/or a hydroxyalkyl group, or oxygen-containing derivatives thereof, such as 2,3-dihydroxy-5-hydroxymethylnorbornane, 2-hydroxy-5,6-bis(hydroxymethyl)norbornane, cyclohexanedimethanol, 3,4,8 (or 9)-trihydroxytricyclodecane, 2-methyl-2-adamantanol, 1,4-dioxane-2,3-diol, and 1,3,5-trihydroxycyclohexane.
Furthermore, other examples include compounds produced by reacting an amino group-containing compound such as melamine, acetoguanamine, benzoguanamine, urea, ethylene urea, propylene urea or glycoluril with either formaldehyde or a combination of formaldehyde and a lower alcohol, thereby substituting the hydrogen atoms of the amino group with hydroxymethyl groups or lower alkoxymethyl groups.
Of these, compounds that use melamine are referred to as melamine-based cross-linkers, compounds that use urea are referred to as urea-based cross-linkers, compounds that use an alkylene urea such as ethylene urea or propylene urea are referred to as alkylene urea-based cross-linkers, and compounds that use glycoluril are referred to as glycoluril-based cross-linkers.
As the component (C), at least one type of cross-linker selected from the group consisting of melamine-based cross-linkers, urea-based cross-linkers, alkylene urea-based cross-linkers and glycoluril-based cross-linkers is preferred, and a glycoluril-based cross-linker is particularly desirable.
Examples of the melamine-based cross-linkers include compounds obtained by reacting melamine with formaldehyde, thereby substituting the hydrogen atoms of the amino groups with hydroxymethyl groups, and compounds obtained by reacting melamine with formaldehyde and a lower alcohol, thereby substituting the hydrogen atoms of the amino groups with lower alkoxymethyl groups. Specific examples include hexamethoxymethylmelamine, hexaethoxymethylmelamine, hexapropoxymethylmelamine and hexabutoxybutylmelamine, and of these, hexamethoxymethylmelamine is preferred.
Examples of the urea-based cross-linkers include compounds obtained by reacting urea with formaldehyde, thereby substituting the hydrogen atoms of the amino groups with hydroxymethyl groups, and compounds obtained by reacting urea with formaldehyde and a lower alcohol, thereby substituting the hydrogen atoms of the amino groups with lower alkoxymethyl groups. Specific examples include bismethoxymethylurea, bisethoxymethylurea, bispropoxymethylurea and bisbutoxymethylurea, and of these, bismethoxymethylurea is preferred.
Examples of the alkylene urea-based cross-linkers include compounds represented by general formula (C-1) shown below.
wherein R5′ and R6′ each independently represents a hydroxyl group or a lower alkoxy group, R3′ and R4′ each independently represents a hydrogen atom, a hydroxyl group or a lower alkoxy group, and v represents 0 or an integer of 1 to 2.
The lower alkoxy group for R5′ and R6′ may be either a linear or branched group, and is preferably an alkoxy group of 1 to 4 carbon atoms. R5′ and R6′ may be either the same or different, and are preferably the same.
The lower alkoxy group for R3′ and R4′ may be either a linear or branched group, and is preferably an alkoxy group of 1 to 4 carbon atoms. R3′ and R4′ may be either the same or different, and are preferably the same.
As the alkylene urea-based cross-linker, compounds in which v is 0 (ethylene urea-based cross-linkers) and/or compounds in which v is 1 (propylene urea-based cross-linkers) are preferred.
Compounds represented by general formula (C-1) can be obtained by a condensation reaction between an alkylene urea and formalin, and by further reacting the resulting product with a lower alcohol.
Specific examples of the alkylene urea-based cross-linkers include ethylene urea-based cross-linkers such as mono- and/or di-hydroxymethylated ethylene urea, mono- and/or di-methoxymethylated ethylene urea, mono- and/or di-ethoxymethylated ethylene urea, mono- and/or di-propoxymethylated ethylene urea, and mono- and/or di-butoxymethylated ethylene urea; propylene urea-based cross-linkers such as mono- and/or di-hydroxymethylated propylene urea, mono- and/or di-methoxymethylated propylene urea, mono- and/or di-ethoxymethylated propylene urea, mono- and/or di-propoxymethylated propylene urea, and mono- and/or di-butoxymethylated propylene urea; as well as 1,3-di(methoxymethyl)-4,5-dihydroxy-2-imidazolidinone, and 1,3-di(methoxymethyl)-4,5-dimethoxy-2-imidazolidinone.
Examples of the glycoluril-based cross-linkers include glycoluril derivatives in which the N-position is substituted with either one or both of a hydroxyalkyl group and an alkoxyalkyl group of 1 to 4 carbon atoms. These glycoluril derivatives can be obtained by a condensation reaction between glycoluril and formalin, and by further reacting the resulting product with a lower alcohol.
Specific examples of the glycoluril-based cross-linkers include mono-, di-, tri- and/or tetra-hydroxymethylated glycoluril, mono-, di-, tri- and/or tetra-methoxymethylated glycoluril, mono-, di-, tri- and/or tetra-ethoxymethylated glycoluril, mono-, di-, tri- and/or tetra-propoxymethylated glycoluril, and mono-, di-, tri- and/or tetra-butoxymethylated glycoluril.
The quantity of the component (C) is preferably within a range from 1 to 50 parts by weight, more preferably from 3 to 30 parts by weight, still more preferably from 3 to 15 parts by weight, and most preferably from 5 to 10 parts by weight, relative to 100 parts by weight of the component (A′). By ensuring that the quantity of the component (C) is at least as large as the lower limit of the above-mentioned range, the formation of cross-linking is able to proceed satisfactorily, and a favorable resist pattern with minimal swelling is obtained. On the other hand, by ensuring that the quantity is not more than the upper limit of the above-mentioned range, the storage stability of the resist coating liquid improves, and deterioration over time in the sensitivity can be suppressed.
In the present invention, the negative resist composition used as the second resist composition includes an ether-based organic solvent (S″) having no hydroxyl groups. As well as hydroxyl groups, the solvent preferably also has no carbonyl groups.
By including the component (S″), when the negative resist composition is applied to the top of the support having the above-mentioned first resist pattern formed thereon, the first resist pattern is less likely to dissolve, meaning thickness loss from the first resist pattern can be reduced. Moreover, the shape of the first resist pattern is better retained, even after double patterning or the like. Furthermore, a resist pattern can be formed stably using a double patterning method.
In the present invention, as the component (S″), compounds represented by a general formula shown below are preferred.
wherein R40 and R41 each independently represents a hydrocarbon group. Further, R40 and R41 may be bonded together to form a ring. —O— represents an ether linkage.
In the above formula, examples of the hydrocarbon groups for R40 and R41 include alkyl groups and aryl groups, and alkyl groups are preferred. Of the various possibilities, compounds in which R40 and R41 are both alkyl groups are preferred, and compounds in which R40 and R41 represent the same alkyl group are particularly desirable.
There are no particular limitations on the alkyl groups for R40 and R41, and examples thereof include linear, branched or cyclic alkyl groups of 1 to 20 carbon atoms. In these alkyl groups, some or all of the hydrogen atoms may or may not be substituted with halogen atoms.
In terms of achieving favorably coating properties for the negative resist composition, the alkyl groups preferably contain from 1 to 15 carbon atoms, and more preferably 1 to 10 carbon atoms. Specific examples thereof include an ethyl group, propyl group, isopropyl group, n-butyl group, isobutyl group, n-pentyl group, isopentyl group, cyclopentyl group or hexyl group, and of these, an n-butyl group or isopentyl group is particularly preferred.
As the halogen atom that may be used for substitution of a hydrogen atom of the alkyl group, a fluorine atom is preferred.
There are no particular limitations on the aryl groups for R40 and R41, and examples thereof include aryl groups of 6 to 12 carbon atoms, wherein some or all of the hydrogen atoms of these aryl groups may or may not be substituted with alkyl groups, alkoxy groups or halogen atoms or the like.
In terms of enabling low-cost synthesis, an aryl group of 6 to 10 carbon atoms is preferred. Specific examples thereof include a phenyl group, benzyl group or naphthyl group.
As the alkyl group that may be used for substitution of a hydrogen atom of the aryl group, an alkyl group of 1 to 5 carbon atoms is preferred, and a methyl group, ethyl group, propyl group, n-butyl group or tert-butyl group is particularly desirable.
As the alkoxy group that may be used for substitution of a hydrogen atom of the aryl group, an alkoxy group of 1 to 5 carbon atoms is preferred, and a methoxy group or ethoxy group is particularly desirable. As the halogen atom that may be used for substitution of a hydrogen atom of the aryl group, a fluorine atom is preferred.
In such a case, R40 and R41 each independently represents a linear or branched alkylene group (and preferably an alkylene group of 1 to 10 carbon atoms), and the terminal of R40 is bonded to the terminal of R41 to form a ring. Further, a carbon atom within the alkylene chain may be substituted with an oxygen atom.
Specific examples of this type of ether-based organic solvent include 1,8-cineole, tetrahydrofuran and dioxane.
Furthermore, the boiling point (under normal pressure) of the ether-based organic solvent is preferably within a range from 30 to 300° C., more preferably from 100 to 200° C., and still more preferably from 140 to 180° C. Ensuring that the boiling point is at least as high as the lower limit of the above-mentioned range means the component (S″) is less likely to evaporate during the spin coating used for applying the negative resist composition, thereby suppressing coating irregularities and improving the coating properties. On the other hand, by ensuring that the boiling point is not more than the upper limit of the above-mentioned range, the component (S″) can be satisfactorily removed from the applied resist film during prebaking, thus improving the resist pattern formability.
Moreover, a boiling point within the above range also reduces thickness loss for the resist pattern, and improves the stability of the composition during storage. Furthermore, a boiling point within the above range is also preferred from the viewpoints of the heating temperature required within the PAB and PEB steps.
Specific examples of the ether-based organic solvent include 1,8-cineole (boiling point: 176° C.), dibutyl ether (boiling point: 142° C.), diisobutyl ether (boiling point: 171° C.), dioxane (boiling point: 101° C.), anisole (boiling point: 155° C.), ethyl benzyl ether (boiling point: 189° C.), diphenyl ether (boiling point: 259° C.), dibenzyl ether (boiling point: 297° C.), phenetole (boiling point: 170° C.), butyl phenyl ether, tetrahydrofuran (boiling point: 66° C.), ethyl propyl ether (boiling point: 63° C.), diisopropyl ether (boiling point: 69° C.), dihexyl ether (boiling point: 226° C.), and dipropyl ether (boiling point: 91° C.).
In the present invention, from the viewpoints of achieving a favorable reduction in thickness loss from the resist pattern, a cyclic or chain-like ether-based organic solvent is preferred as the component (S″), and at least one solvent selected from the group consisting of 1,8-cineole, dibutyl ether and diisopentyl ether is particularly desirable.
In the negative resist composition, an organic solvent other than the component (S″) (hereafter referred to as “component (S2)”) may be used in combination with the component (S″). By using the component (S2) in combination with the component (S″), the solubility and other properties of the component (A″) can be adjusted.
As the component (S2), one or more known solvents may be selected from solvents typically used for conventional chemically amplified resists.
Examples of the solvent (S2) include the same solvents as those exemplified above in relation to the component (S) within the above-mentioned first resist composition (but excluding solvents of the component (S″)).
In the present invention, it is thought that in those cases where the component (A) used in the first resist composition has few polar groups, the first resist pattern formed from the first resist composition is particularly resistant to thickness loss, although a component (S2) that has a certain degree of polarity may still be used in combination with the component (S″).
There are no particular limitations on the total quantity used of the component (S″), and a quantity that yields a negative resist composition having a concentration that is suitable for application to a support is normally used.
In order to improve factors such as the resist pattern shape and the post exposure stability of the latent image formed by the pattern-wise exposure of the resist layer, it is preferable that the negative resist composition further includes a nitrogen-containing organic compound (D) (hereafter referred to as “component (D)”) as an optional component.
A multitude of these components (D) have already been proposed, and any of these known compounds may be used, although a cyclic amine, an aliphatic amine, and particularly a secondary aliphatic amine or tertiary aliphatic amine is preferable. An aliphatic amine is an amine having one or more aliphatic groups, and the aliphatic groups preferably have 1 to 12 carbon atoms.
Examples of these aliphatic amines include amines in which at least one hydrogen atom of ammonia (NH3) has been substituted with an alkyl group or hydroxyalkyl group of not more than 12 carbon atoms (namely, alkylamines or alkyl alcohol amines).
Specific examples include monoalkylamines such as n-hexylamine, n-heptylamine, n-octylamine, n-nonylamine, and n-decylamine; dialkylamines such as diethylamine, di-n-propylamine, di-n-heptylamine, di-n-octylamine, and dicyclohexylamine; trialkylamines such as trimethylamine, triethylamine, tri-n-propylamine, tri-n-butylamine, tri-n-hexylamine, tri-n-pentylamine, tri-n-heptylamine, tri-n-octylamine, tri-n-nonylamine, tri-n-decanylamine, and tri-n-dodecylamine; and alkyl alcohol amines such as diethanolamine, triethanolamine, diisopropanolamine, triisopropanolamine, di-n-octanolamine, and tri-n-octanolamine.
Examples of the cyclic amine include heterocyclic compounds containing a nitrogen atom as a hetero atom. The heterocyclic compound may be a monocyclic compound (aliphatic monocyclic amine), or a polycyclic compound (aliphatic polycyclic amine).
The aliphatic polycyclic amine preferably has 6 to 10 carbon atoms, and specific examples thereof include 1,5-diazabicyclo[4.3.0]-5-nonene, 1,8-diazabicyclo[5.4.0]-7-undecene, hexamethylenetetramine, and 1,4-diazabicyclo[2.2.2]octane.
The component (D) is typically used in an amount within a range from 0.01 to 5.0 parts by weight, relative to 100 parts by weight of the component (A″).
In the present invention, using an amine such as those described above as the component (D) facilitates the obtaining of a favorable pattern shape. Although the reason is not entirely clear, it is thought that the amine is readily retained within the resist film, even following the bake treatment conducted during resist pattern formation.
As a result, it is thought that the second resist film formed using the negative resist composition is less likely to be affected by residual alkali developing solution left following formation of the first resist pattern, thereby suppressing dissolution of the second resist film and facilitating the formation of a favorable pattern shape. Of the various amines, the use of an amine having a high boiling point is preferred.
Furthermore, in the negative resist composition according to the present invention, in order to prevent any deterioration in sensitivity, and improve the resist pattern shape and the post exposure stability of the latent image formed by the pattern-wise exposure of the resist layer, at least one compound (E) (hereafter referred to as “component (E)”) selected from the group consisting of organic carboxylic acids and phosphorus oxo acids and derivatives thereof may also be added as an optional component.
Examples of the component (E) include the same compounds as those exemplified above for the component (E) of the above-mentioned positive resist composition.
As the component (E), one type of compound may be used alone, or two or more types may be used in combination.
As the component (E), an organic carboxylic acid is preferred, and salicylic acid is particularly desirable.
The component (E) is typically used in a quantity within a range from 0.01 to 5.0 parts by weight, relative to 100 parts by weight of the component (A′).
If desired, other miscible additives may also be added to the negative resist composition. Examples of such miscible additives include additive resins for improving the performance of the resist film, surfactants for improving the coating properties, dissolution inhibitors, plasticizers, stabilizers, colorants, halation prevention agents, and dyes.
The method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention includes: forming a first resist film by applying the first resist composition to a support (hereafter frequently referred to as the “film formation step (1)”), forming a first resist pattern by selectively exposing the first resist film through a first mask pattern and then developing the first resist film (hereafter frequently referred to as the “patterning step (1)”), forming a second resist film by applying the negative resist composition containing the ether-based organic solvent (S″) having no hydroxyl groups onto the support having the first resist pattern formed thereon (hereafter frequently referred to as the “film formation step (2)”), and forming a resist pattern by selectively exposing the second resist film through a second mask pattern and then developing the second resist film (hereafter frequently referred to as the “patterning step (2)”).
A preferred embodiment of the method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention is described below with reference to FIG. 1A to FIG. 1D. This embodiment represents an example in which a positive resist composition is used for the first resist composition.
In this embodiment, first, as shown in FIG. 1A, the first resist composition (the positive resist composition) is applied onto a support 1 to form a first resist film 2.
Next, as shown in FIG. 1B, the first resist film 2 is selectively exposed and then developed, thereby forming a plurality of resist patterns 3.
Subsequently, as shown in FIG. 1C, the second resist composition (the negative resist composition) is applied onto the support 1 having the plurality of resist patterns 3 formed thereon, thus forming a second resist film 6 that fills the spaces between the plurality of resist patterns 3.
Next, as shown in FIG. 1D, the second resist film 6 is selectively exposed in a different position from the position used for forming the plurality of resist patterns 3, and the second resist film 6 is then developed. This developing removes the unexposed portions of the second resist film 6, and as a result, a resist pattern composed of a plurality of resist patterns 7 is formed on the support.
In this manner, by using the embodiment shown in FIG. 1A to FIG. 1D, a dense resist pattern with a narrower pitch than that of the resist pattern 3 formed in the patterning step (1) is formed on the support 1.
There are no particular restrictions on the support 1, and conventional supports can be used, including substrates for electronic componentry, as well as substrates on which a predetermined wiring pattern has already been formed. Specific examples of suitable supports include silicon wafers, metal-based substrates such as copper, chrome, iron, and aluminum, as well as glass substrates. Suitable materials for the wiring pattern include copper, aluminum, nickel, and gold.
Further, as the support 1, an inorganic and/or organic film may be provided on the surface of an aforementioned substrate. Examples of inorganic films include inorganic antireflective films (inorganic BARC). Examples of organic films include organic antireflective films (organic BARC) and organic films such as the lower layer film in a multilayer resist method. If a lower layer film is provided, then a pattern having a high aspect ratio can be formed on the substrate, which is particularly desirable in the production and the like of semiconductors.
Here, a “multilayer resist method” describes a method in which at least one organic film (the lower layer film) and at least one resist film are provided on top of a substrate, and a resist pattern formed in the upper layer resist film is then used as a mask for conducting patterning of the lower layer, and is regarded as a method that is capable of forming patterns having a high aspect ratio. Multilayer resist methods can be basically classified as either methods that yield a two-layer structure composed of a resist film and a lower layer film, or methods that yield a multilayer structure of three or more layers in which one or more intermediate layers (such as thin metal films) are provided between the resist film and the lower layer film. According to a multilayer resist method, by using the lower layer film to ensure the desired level of thickness, the resist film can be formed as a very thin film, enabling the formation of a very fine pattern having a high aspect ratio.
In those cases where an organic film is provided, the organic film can be formed, for example, by using a spinner or the like to apply an organic film-forming material, prepared by dissolving a resin component or the like that forms the organic film in an organic solvent, to the surface of the substrate, and then conducting a bake treatment under conditions that include heating at a temperature that is preferably within a range from 200 to 300° C., for a period that is preferably from 30 to 300 seconds, and more preferably for 60 to 180 seconds.
The thickness of the organic film is preferably within a range from 10 to 500 nm, and is more preferably from 50 to 450 nm. Ensuring a thickness within this range yields favorable effects, such as enabling the formation of a pattern with a high aspect ratio, and ensuring that a satisfactory level of etching resistance is obtained during etching of the substrate.
The first resist composition may be appropriately selected from the negative resist compositions and positive resist compositions described above.
The first resist film 2 can be formed by applying the first resist composition onto the support. Application of the first resist composition can be conducted by a conventional method using a spinner or the like.
Specifically, the first resist film 2 can be formed, for example, by using a spinner or the like to apply the first resist composition to the surface of the support, and then conducting a bake treatment (a prebake) under temperature conditions within a range from 80 to 150° C., for a period of 40 to 120 seconds and preferably for 60 to 90 seconds, to volatilize the organic solvent.
The thickness of the resist film 2 is preferably within a range from 50 to 500 nm, and is more preferably from 50 to 450 nm. Ensuring a thickness within this range yields favorable effects, such as enabling the formation of a resist pattern at a high resolution, and ensuring that a satisfactory level of resistance to etching is obtained.
The patterning step (1) can be conducted using conventional methods, for example, by selectively exposing the first resist film 2 through a mask having a predetermined pattern formed therein (namely, a mask pattern), and then conducting a bake treatment (PEB: post exposure baking) under temperature conditions within a range from 80 to 150° C., for a period of 40 to 120 seconds and preferably for 60 to 90 seconds. If alkali developing is then conducted using, for example, an aqueous solution of tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH) with a concentration of 0.1 to 10% by weight, then the exposed portions of the first resist film 2 formed using the first resist composition (the positive resist composition) are removed, thereby forming the first resist pattern 3.
There are no particular restrictions on the radiation wavelength used for the exposure, and radiation from a KrF excimer laser, ArF excimer laser, F2 excimer laser, EUV (extreme ultraviolet), VUV (vacuum ultraviolet), EB (electron beam), X-ray or soft X-ray can be used.
At this time, the selective exposure of the first resist film 2 may be conducted either using a normal exposure process (dry exposure), which is performed within air or an inert gas such as nitrogen, or using immersion exposure.
As described above, in immersion exposure, the exposure is conducted in a state where the region between the lens and the resist film formed on the wafer, which has conventionally been filled with air or an inert gas such as nitrogen, is filled with a solvent (a liquid immersion medium) having a larger refractive index than the refractive index of air.
More specifically, immersion exposure can be performed by filling the region between the resist film obtained in the manner described above and the lens at the lowermost point of the exposure apparatus with a solvent (the immersion medium) that has a larger refractive index than the refractive index of air, and then conducting exposure (immersion exposure) through a desired mask pattern in this state.
The immersion medium is preferably a solvent that has a refractive index that is larger than the refractive index of air but smaller than the refractive index of the resist film formed using the first resist composition described above. The refractive index of the solvent is not particularly limited provided it satisfies this range.
Examples of this solvent that has a refractive index that is larger than the refractive index of air but smaller than the refractive index of the resist film include water, fluorine-based inert liquids, silicon-based solvents and hydrocarbon-based solvents.
Specific examples of the fluorine-based inert liquids include liquids containing a fluorine-based compound such as C3HCl2F5, C4F9OCH3, C4F9OC2H5 or C5H3F7 as the main component, and which have a boiling point that is preferably within a range from 70 to 180° C. and more preferably from 80 to 160° C. A fluorine-based inert liquid having a boiling point within the above-mentioned range is advantageous in that the removal of the immersion medium after the exposure can be conducted by a simple method.
As the fluorine-based inert liquid, a perfluoroalkyl compound in which all of the hydrogen atoms of an alkyl group are substituted with fluorine atoms is particularly desirable. Examples of these perfluoroalkyl compounds include perfluoroalkylether compounds and perfluoroalkylamine compounds.
Specifically, one example of a suitable perfluoroalkylether compound is perfluoro(2-butyl-tetrahydrofuran) (boiling point: 102° C.), and an example of a suitable perfluoroalkylamine compound is perfluorotributylamine (boiling point: 174° C.).
In a similar manner to the first resist film 2, the second resist film 6 may be formed using conventional methods.
The film thickness of the second resist film 6 is preferably either equal to the height of the resist pattern 3 or thicker than the resist pattern 3. In other words, when the support 1 is viewed from the side of the second resist film 6, the surface preferably appears flat.
Subsequently, the second resist film 6 is selectively exposed in a different position from the position used for forming the plurality of resist patterns 3, and the second resist film 6 is then developed. This process forms a resist pattern on the support 1 composed of the plurality of resist patterns 3 and a plurality of newly formed resist patterns 7 in the second resist film 6.
In the present invention, any case in which the exposure position does not exactly coincide with the first resist pattern formed in the patterning step (1) is described as a “different position from the position used for forming the first resist pattern”, and this includes both cases in which there is absolutely no overlap, and cases in which partial overlap exists.
In the present invention, there is preferably absolutely no overlap between the position at which the first resist pattern (the resist pattern 3) is formed and the position at which selective exposure is conducted in the patterning step (2). This ensures that a narrow-pitch pattern can be formed in which the spacing between patterns (the pitch) is narrower than that of the first resist pattern formed in the patterning step (1).
The selective exposure at a different position from the position used for forming the first resist pattern (the resist pattern 3) can be conducted, for example, by moving the mask pattern used in the patterning step (1) in a horizontal direction, or by moving the stage (the base on which the substrate is mounted) within the exposure apparatus in a horizontal direction.
This movement of the mask pattern or the stage can be executed by altering the program of the exposure apparatus being used.
The mask pattern or the stage may be moved in parallel in a single direction, or may be rotated. For example, when forming a pattern, a line and space mask pattern having a plurality of lines arranged at a constant pitch may be used to form a sparse line and space pattern in the patterning step (1), and subsequently, in the patterning step (2), by moving the mask pattern in a direction parallel to the direction perpendicular to the direction of the lines, and forming line patterns in positions midway between the individual line patterns formed in the patterning step (1), a line and space resist pattern is formed with a pitch that is approximately ½ of the pitch in the original line and space pattern. Thus, a resist pattern more dense than the first space pattern is formed.
Here, a “sparse pattern” describes a line and space resist pattern having a broad space in which the ratio of line width:space width is 1:2 or greater.
As described above, in the present invention, the first resist pattern is preferably a line and space resist pattern. The present invention then enables the formation of a dense line and space pattern having a narrow pitch.
In a specific example, by forming a line and space pattern (a sparse pattern) in which the line width is 100 nm and the ratio of line width:space width=1:3, subsequently moving the mask pattern 200 nm in a direction perpendicular to the direction of the lines, and once again forming a line and space pattern in which the line width is 100 nm and the ratio of line width:space width=1:3, a line and space pattern (a dense pattern) can be formed in which the line width is 100 nm and the ratio of line width:space width=1:1.
Furthermore, by subjecting the mask pattern used in the patterning step (1) to a rotational movement, or by using a mask pattern that is different from the mask pattern used in the patterning step (1) (for example, by using a line and space mask pattern in the patterning step (1) and using a hole mask pattern in the patterning step (2)), very fine patterns, and/or a multitude of resist patterns can be formed.
In the method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention, following completion of the patterning step (2) described above, a coating step may be conducted to form a coating film composed of a metal oxide film on the surface of the formed resist pattern. This step coats the surfaces of the resist patterns 3 and the resist patterns 7 with a coating film formed from a metal oxide film, thereby improving the etching resistance and the like.
In the method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention, following the patterning step (2) described above, the series of operations composed of the coating step mentioned above, the film formation step (2) and the patterning step (2) may be repeated a plurality of times.
In other words, the operation of forming a coated pattern by forming a coating film composed of a metal oxide film on the surface of the formed resist pattern, forming a resist film by applying the negative resist composition to the support having the coated pattern formed thereon, selectively exposing the resist film, and then developing the resist film to form a resist pattern may be conducted a plurality of times. This enables the formation of even denser patterns with even narrower pitches, or the formation of patterns having complex shapes.
In the method of forming a resist pattern according to the present invention, following completion of the patterning step (2) described above, the formed resist pattern may be used as a mask to conduct etching of the support 1.
In other words, in those cases where an organic film is provided on top of the substrate, etching of the organic film can be conducted, and a pattern (an organic film pattern) that is faithful to the resist pattern can be formed in the organic film, and these patterns (the resist pattern and the organic film pattern) can then be used as a mask to conduct etching of the substrate. In those cases where the resist pattern is formed directly on the substrate, the resist pattern can simply be used as a mask for conducting etching of the substrate. By etching the support (a substrate or the like) in this manner, a semiconductor device or the like can be produced.
The etching method may use conventional methods, and for example in the case of etching of an organic film, dry etching is preferred. In terms of ensuring that the coating film has a high level of resistance to the etching, and achieving favorable production efficiency, oxygen plasma etching or etching using CF4 gas or CHF3 gas is preferred, and of these, oxygen plasma etching is particularly desirable.
Etching of the substrate is preferably conducted by etching using a halogen gas or etching using a fluorocarbon-based gas, and etching using either CF4 gas or CHF3 gas is particularly desirable.
In the support 1 used in the film formation step (1) described above, an organic film-forming material used for forming the organic film that may be formed on top of the substrate need not necessarily exhibit the type of sensitivity to an electron beam or light source shown by a resist film. The types of resists or resins typically used in the production of semiconductor devices and liquid crystal display elements may be used.
Furthermore, in order to enable etching of the organic film to be conducted using the resist pattern, thereby transferring the resist pattern to the organic film and forming an organic film pattern, the organic film-forming material is preferably a material that is capable of forming an organic film that can be subjected to etching, and particularly dry etching. Of the various possibilities, materials that are capable of forming an organic film that can be etched by the type of oxygen plasma etching mentioned above are particularly preferred.
As this type of organic film-forming material, the materials conventionally used for forming organic films such as organic BARC are suitable. Examples include the ARC series of products manufactured by Brewer Science Ltd., the AR series of products manufactured by Rohm and Haas Company, and the SWK series of products manufactured by Tokyo Ohka Kogyo Co., Ltd.
Of these, in those cases where, as described above, oxygen plasma etching is used in the etching step, the organic film is preferably formed from a material that is readily etched using oxygen plasma etching, but exhibits comparatively high resistance to halogen gases, and specifically to fluorocarbon gases such as CF4 gas or CHF3 gas.
Furthermore, an organic film containing at least one resin component selected from the group consisting of novolak resins, acrylic resins and soluble polyimides may also be formed between the above organic BARC and the substrate.
These materials are ideal for the present invention as they are readily etched by oxygen plasma etching or the like, and also display favorable resistance to fluorocarbon gases. In other words, because etching of the substrate or the like is generally conducted using a halogen gas such as a fluorocarbon gas, by forming the organic film from these types of materials, oxygen plasma etching can be used to improve the processability during formation of the organic film pattern, while the etching resistance can be improved in subsequent steps that use a halogen gas such as a fluorocarbon gas to conduct etching of the substrate.
As these resin components, a single type of resin may be used alone, or a mixture of two or more resins may be used.
Of these materials, novolak resins, and acrylic resins containing an alicyclic region or aromatic ring on a side chain are cheap, widely used, and exhibit excellent resistance to fluorocarbon gas dry etching, and are consequently preferred.
As the novolak resin, any of the resins typically used in positive resist compositions can be used, and positive resists for i-line or g-line radiation containing a novolak resin as the primary component can also be used.
A novolak resin is a resin obtained, for example, by conducting an addition condensation of an aromatic compound containing a phenolic hydroxyl group (hereafter, simply referred to as a “phenol”) and an aldehyde, in the presence of an acid catalyst.
Examples of the phenol used include phenol, o-cresol, m-cresol, p-cresol, o-ethylphenol, m-ethylphenol, p-ethylphenol, o-butylphenol, m-butylphenol, p-butylphenol, 2,3-xylenol, 2,4-xylenol, 2,5-xylenol, 2,6-xylenol, 3,4-xylenol, 3,5-xylenol, 2,3,5-trimethylphenol, 3,4,5-trimethylphenol, p-phenylphenol, resorcinol, hydroquinone, hydroquinone monomethyl ether, pyrogallol, fluoroglycinol, hydroxydiphenyl, bisphenol A, gallic acid, gallate esters, α-naphthol, and β-naphthol.
There are no particular restrictions on the catalyst used in the addition condensation reaction, and suitable acid catalysts include hydrochloric acid, nitric acid, sulfuric acid, formic acid, oxalic acid, and acetic acid.
The lower limit for the weight average molecular weight (Mw) of the novolak resin is preferably 3,000, more preferably 5,000, still more preferably 6,000, and is most preferably 7,000. The upper limit is preferably 50,000, more preferably 30,000, still more preferably 10,000, and is most preferably 9,000.
Provided the value of Mw is at least 3,000, the resin is unlikely to sublime when baked at high temperatures, and is therefore unlikely to contaminate the apparatus and the like. Furthermore, ensuring that the value of Mw is 5,000 or greater yields a superior level of etching resistance to fluorocarbon gases and the like.
Furthermore, provided the value of Mw is not more than 50,000, the resin exhibits favorable filling properties for substrates having very fine unevenness, whereas a value of Mw of 10,000 or less tends to facilitate dry etching.