Looking back, anything would have been better, even maintaining my original symptoms, versus stumbling about like a drugged-out- freaky-zombie. But, every time I went to my doctor (by myself I might add — I had not yet learned the importance of bringing along my advocate!) she continued to assure me that I would feel better, just give it “more time.”
Hey, I was stoned and freaked, how could I say no to her? It’s what I wanted to hear, and with no energy, no focus and no brain to think otherwise, I just kept on keeping on.
Besides, I had no reason to believe my doctor was not going to make me feel better; I had never needed to rely on doctors for anything beyond the occasional bout of strep throat or the flu.
But, somehow “more time” turned into six years, and my “fancy new normal” had set in: a life of utter and complete crappiness! Those of you struggling know exactly what I am talking about.﻿﻿
One year ago I finally “knew” that it was time to take action. If I didn’t, I saw only a dismal, dark future--years of deepening pain and shame lie ahead. Charlie and I had been devouring as many books as possible on the subject of thyroid disease, each one (and there are a gazillion!) professing all kinds of cures and all, unfortunately, coming up short.
Then one day, during my online search for answers and hope, I came across something that made some sense. This gal had written a book that grabbed me, if only for the title itself, which made me feel happy inside. ‘Stop the Thyroid Madness’, by Janie A. Bowthorpe, clearly and concisely pointed out why I might be better off taking a natural hormone replacement pill versus this other synthetic stuff I had been taking.
Charlie and I both read the book, then re-read it, checking and re-checking, before making a move. Luckily, we also had heaps of my test results to refer to, studying them like mad scientists, convinced that the sought after life-changing clue would reveal itself, in time. (In hindsight, med school would have been faster. Although, based on my experience with that establishment, I believe it would have taught me to NOT dig deeper, to NOT seek the answer, and to remain complacent with the ineffective status quo.)
The clue did reveal itself. I noticed that, even when we adjusted my Synthroid dosage (synthetic T4), my free T3 would always hover in the low normal range. Every once in a while it would creep up to mid-range, but then my free T4 was sky high and I was still feeling crappy. In reading 'STTM,' I learned that most patients felt much improved when their free T4 was in the low normal range and their freeT3 was in the high normal range. I had never been able to achieve this while doing the trendy dosing dance with Synthroid.
One endocrinologist told me to NEVER worry about my free T3 and free T4, just go with the TSH, that's the only "number" that matters. While I sat in front of her slopping up my tears, with a TSH of 3.0 and symptoms galore, she happily told me, "It's normal." That was all she had to say as she sent me away thinking that something else must be wrong with me. As I exited the waiting room, it occurred to me that all the folks coming and going look so sick and useless....don't they ever get better?
So, ok, that's great, right? It's normal, I'm normal, it's all just so goddarned normal it's sickening. It must be all in my head. I must be making up all these symptoms, OR something else is terribly wrong with me! Not so fast...
Apparently, the truth is we were just overloading my system with T4 and never once acknowledging the obvious fact that my body was not converting the synthetic T4 to T3, the all important "worker hormone," which was what I needed to feel “sort of” good again.
This obvious oversight was only made known after Charlie and I scoured my previous test results, read STTM, and put the pieces together ourselves. The fact of the matter is that taking natural thyroid hormone replacement would actually give me T4, the necessary T3, and even some T1 and T2. Synthroid was only giving me synthetic T4, which I was unable to convert.
Good Lord, this entire, ridiculous process was debilitating for me, for Charlie, and in the end, was obviously, without any doubt, completely insane: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
So, one day, I did it. I woke up at my regular pill-taking time, and after over two thousand mornings of dutifully dosing with Synthroid, I did something different. I took natural thyroid hormone instead.
“You have to keep an eye on me, Charlie”, I instructed uneasily, “I might not know what I am doing, I might go blind, or try to jump off the balcony, or go into cardiac arrest, or God knows what else…just watch me, ok?”
We weren’t exactly sure how to dose with this new pill, which I must say felt more like taking a vitamin than a drug. Right or wrong, I simply felt happier taking something that was not synthetic. When I mustered up the courage and asked my doctor to make the switch to desiccated thyroid hormone, she knew what I was talking about-- it’s been around for years, since way before Synthroid hit the market. She was willing to oblige my request (I think she just wanted me to go away) but was not really sure how to prescribe it. That’s understandable. All of her patients, as she tells me, are "doing fine" on Synthroid. You can imagine how that just made me feel so much better knowing that I am “the worst thyroid patient EVER on the entire planet.” Everyone else is doing just fine.
I have to say here that I do know a few people who say they are fine on Synthroid, but truthfully, when I dig a bit deeper, I discover they have a bunch of other pills in their medicine cabinets, don’t look so fine, and they seem to be less functional than they once were. Anyhow, it might be that their version of fine is very different from mine.﻿﻿
It was Charlie and I who had the foresight to determine that the Synthroid would take six to eight weeks to leave my system so I would need to gradually add this natural thyroid hormone to avoid going into an uncomfortable hyper state— which could very well have seen me leaping off the balcony!
Now, I have to tell you about two very interesting events that occurred during this process. The first evening on the new regimen, as I was falling asleep, an unexpected thing happened. I had a very calm and peaceful sense in my body, and I heard a whisper of sorts, a quiet “thank you." It was very clear and soothing, on what felt like an energetic or cellular level-- it resonated throughout my entire body. I know it sounds very "woo woo" and new-agey, but that is what happened. I felt a wave of relaxation, relief and appreciation. I slept like a happy baby.
The other interesting event occurred at the start of my cycle that first month off of levothyroxine. I had a cleansing that I had never experienced before. Yes folks, we are talking about diarrhea (something less new-agey!), and let me tell you, it was unlike any purge I have ever experienced in my life! It was fantastic! To help put this in perspective, I actually had a waist again! I understood this to mean my body had apparently stored up a lot of toxic stuff it did not know how to process...and it was finnnaallly leaving me, forever! I felt such relief and gratitude. Slept like a happy baby once again.
The whole process took some careful monitoring, both with blood work and evaluation of symptoms, to eventually come to a place of new comfort. Charlie and I were pretty much on our own with this, uncertain as heck every step of the way, but feeling we had no other recourse. In the end, this decision turned out to be the best thing that has happened to me in many years.
I am not saying it’s all hunky-dory now. There is a marked improvement in brain function, energy, mood, digestion, bowel function (yipee!), sleep patterns, and focus. But, I am still not “better.” My hair stopped falling out for a couple of months which was thrilling! But now has started again, which I think might be exacerbated by some recent stressful events.
Overall, this has definitely proved to be a better treatment for me and my "symptom" of insufficient hormone production, but the real answer to feeling better would be a "cure" and an end to this ridiculous "life sucking" epidemic. We really need to find a way to stop the body from attacking itself. The millions who suffer with this autoimmune dis-ease, and the future of our loved ones, deserve more than a band-aid solution, more than the superficial, exhausting and demoralizing on-going treatment of symptoms.
"We're changing the Hashimoto's affair one enlightened viewer at a time." (And yes, we are a sponsor/advertiser free film!)
About the film: This raw, real, and artsy docu-drama, made by a Hashimoto's patient, takes a moving look at thyroid disease from the patients' perspective. It is an informative and provocative film that raises public awareness and deepens our understanding, while also setting the stage for a shift towards ending this insidious health epidemic.
We encourage all thyroid patients to view this with those they live and work with. It will make a world of difference.
"Wow! Just wow! I felt so much watching this and quite frankly I haven't felt a lot in a long time." - Marsha, thyroid patient
"Thank you so much for bringing light, not only to Hashimoto's, but to the many women (and men) who have had to live in the isolated shadows caused by ignorance and illness."-staceyrobbins.com, Author of "You're Not Crazy and You're Not Alone"
"This is an enormously important film that should be Required Viewing by all doctors who we seek out. And for all thyroid patients who want to be free. Thank you for making this film." - MW, thyroid patient
"OMG OMG OMG - every single word and feeling expressed in this documentary I relate to - I GOT A GLIMPSE OF MY REAL TRUTH. PLEASE IF YOU HAVE HASHIMOTOS OR YOU LOVE SOMEONE WITH HASHIMOTOS - please please please please please watch this. It goes for an hour but this has been one of the most healing hours of my journey. PEACE." -- Kassandra, thyroid patient
This story-blog is intended to entertain, engage, educate and enlighten, with the highest of intentions for your health and wellness. The thoughts and ideas presented here are not intended in any way, shape or form to replace or impose medical or healing advice. Always consult with a knowledgable health professional, your trusted advocates, and your own inner wisdom, before undertaking or altering any treatments or therapies.
Laura Burton is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Hi! Thanks for scrolling all of the way down my page. I'm Laura. A former special education teacher turned stay-at-home. I am a Mom to two little boys and one little hairless dog. While you're here, you'll find content all about home, life, and kids. Check back frequently because I share free printables often. Thanks for stopping by!
Over the years I have used several brands of deodorant; from the off brand cheapies to try and save a
For more info about The Mommy Bunch, or to contact me, head to the bottom of this page to see all the pertinent info. You can also email me at admin@mommybunch.com
Many private and publicly funded charter schools across the nation have adopted dress codes to promote the idea of dressing
Gift Guide Gifts for Aunt/Sister/Wife etc. Gifts for Dad Gifts for Mom Gifts for the hard to buy for Household product reviews Reviews Technology
The Polk Command Bar allows you to crank up the volume to cinema levels for crisp sound while playing music or watching a movie and has Alexa built in!
Crafty Food reviews Gift Guide Gifts for Aunt/Sister/Wife etc. Gifts for Dad Gifts for Mom Gifts for the hard to buy for
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. To see how to disable cookies check our privacy policy.OkPrivacy Policy
This post is sponsored by The Libman Company but the content and opinions expressed here are my own.
Summer is a fantastic time of celebration, relaxation, and enjoying family and friends. With all of that going on, who has time to clean the house? No one! Now that kids are heading back to school, it is time to get the house back in order. Here are some quick and easy tips to reclaim your house.
Everyone lives in the house and everyone contributed to the disaster it might be today. For that reason alone, everyone should share in the responsibility of getting things back in order. Create a list of things that need to be completed to return your house to a relatively organized mess. Make sure to include all family members, as this is a team event! Even if you have young ones in the house, make sure they have age-appropriate tasks as well. Display the Family To-Do List in a location that everyone sees often. Another idea is to use a whiteboard so that everyone enjoys crossing out the items that they complete.
Another great task for the entire family is purging. Have each family member go through their things and purge what isn’t in use. One good rule is if it hasn’t been used/worn/played within the past twelve months, it is time to let it go. Put everything in bags or boxes and donate it all to families in need. This is both satisfying and rewarding!
You’ve got the Family To-Do List ready to go, so now it is time to get the Family Calendar up and running for the school year. This calendar can be a traditional print calendar hung in a highly visible location, or it could be a digital calendar that all family members have access to readily. This is the place where all practices, study sessions, school plays, games, and dances are noted so that each family member is kept in the loop at all times. This is a necessity for busy families!
Sometimes the best feeling in the world is to sit back and survey a freshly cleaned home. Now is the perfect time to get rid of all of the dirt and grime that accumulated over the summer months. No deep clean is complete without a thorough scrubbing of hard floors. Everyone knows this means hours of crawling around on your hands and knees right? Not anymore! With the Wonder Mop by the Libman Company, you can get the job done without all the body aches and pains. Libman products are quality products. They’ve been around for 120 years, so they know what they are doing. Each Wonder Mop has microfiber GRIPSTRIPS that lift up to 20 percent more dirt, and that means you have cleaner floors. With the power wringer, you can remove more water from the microfiber mop head, allowing your floors to dry faster so you can be back on them sooner.
If you are ready to make cleaning your floors easier and more effective with the Libman Company’s Wonder Mop, take advantage of this limited-time offer of $3-off the purchase price when you sign up for The Libman Company newsletter.
There is always something to clean up isn’t there! This sounds like a really great mop, I like how well it is thought out!
Yep, back to school time means I get to find all the playdoh and left over food. We’ve taken the couch apart 3 times this summer already and still need to do it again.
Getting my house back and my sanity is definitely on my list once my kids go back to school! I absolutely love these products for cleaning too.
Sometimes when my in-laws come and stay with us for awhile, I feel like I’m reclaiming it from them! lol! Good advice here though and I enjoyed reading it.
Thank you for the tips. Summer can take a toll on your house and these are some great ideas to get it back in shape.
Create the family calender is a great idea as this will keep everyone aware about the schedule and plan. Making sure everyone read it, is also a must.
I don’t have kids yet, but you are giving me some cleaning inspiration. I like to do a big spring and fall cleaning each year… it’s almost time!
These are great tips but I totally hate cleaning. I always need some help. What a great way to include the entire family.
Welcome! I'm Trina, a wife and mom of three, living Tampa Florida. The Mommyhood Life is a family Lifestyle Blog, bringing you the latest tips and trends in food, family, travel and motherhood. To work with us on press events, travel trips, or sponsored posts please contact us at TheMommyhoodLife@gmail.com
Posted by mommyx4boys	| March 30, 2018 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: addiction, alcoholism, drugs, life, recovery, sobriety | 4 Comments
You wanna know what happens once you kill yourself? Your mother comes home from work and finds her baby dead and she screams and runs over to you and tries to get you to wake up but you won’t and she keeps screaming and shaking you and her tears are dripping onto your face and your dad hears all the screaming and runs into the room and he can’t even speak because the child that he loved and the child that he watched grow up is gone forever and finally your little sister runs into the room to see what all the fuss is about and she sees you dead. The person she looked up to and loved. The person she bragged about to her friends, the person she wanted to be just like when she grew up, the person that made her feel safe. But she’s never really going to get to grow up and smile and laugh and love because she’ll always be consumed with this feeling of missing you. And now there’s something missing from your family and they can barely look at each other anymore because everything reminds them of you but you’re gone and hurts more than anything. and you think that your mom never cared because she was always busy and yelling at you to finish your homework and clean your room and forgot to say I love you sometimes but really, she loved you more than anything and she doesn’t leave the house anymore, she can’t even get out of bed and she’s getting thinner and thinner because it’s too hard to eat. Your father had to quit his job and he doesn’t sleep anymore, every time he closes his eyes he sees his baby dead, and the image never goes away no matter how much alcohol he drinks. And at school your best friend sees that your seat is empty and she gets this sick feeling in her stomach and that’s when she hears the announcement. You killed yourself. And suddenly she’s screaming and crying in the middle of class and no one even bothers comforting because they’re all busy sitting there staring at your empty seat with tears dripping down their cheeks and all she wants is for you to hug her and tell her it’s gonna be okay like you always did, but this time, you’re not there to do it, everything is dark now that you’re gone and her grades are slipping, she barely goes to school anymore and she ended up in hospital after taking too many pills because she wanted to see you again. the girls who used to make fun of the way you dressed feel their throats get tight, they don’t talk to each other anymore, they don’t talk to anyone, they’re all in therapy trying so hard not to blame themselves but nothing works. and your teacher who always gave you a hard time stares blankly at the wall, she quits her job a few days later. And then your boyfriend hears the news and he can’t breathe, he still calls you a lot just to hear your voice and he talks to you on facebook but you never message him back, he can’t fall in love again because every girl he meets reminds him of you, he’s never going to get over you, he loved you and he cries himself to sleep every night, hating himself and slicing his skin because he couldn’t save you and he’s never going to hold you in his arms or hear you laugh again. Now everyone who knew you, whether they were a big part of your life or someone you passed in the hallway a few times a week, they carry this aching feeling around inside them because you’re gone, and they miss you, and they don’t know why you left but it must’ve been their fault and they should’ve stopped you and they should’ve told you they loved you more and that feeling is never going to go away. And so you killed yourself
Posted by mommyx4boys	| May 6, 2016 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: death, help, love, suicide | 12 Comments
Question of the day, how is it we can find housing for thousands upon thousands of refugees coming into this country, but we can’t seem to find housing for the 130,000 to 200,000 veterans who are homeless? Men and women who fought and risked their lives for us, this is such a disgrace!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| December 16, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: government, heroes, politics, refugees, veterans | 7 Comments
Question of the day what is your favorite scary movie? Mine is 28 weeks later, I think it is the scariest form of zombie that has been created and it is also possible that it could actually happen which makes it even more scary!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| December 15, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: horror, movies, scary | 10 Comments
Posted by mommyx4boys	| December 6, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: isis, Obama, politics, terrorists | 6 Comments
Today’s question of the day is if you could meet anyone, from any time, who would it be and why? Mine would be Anne Frank, I was amazed with her story from the first time I read it when I was little, and I would love to meet her and tell her how many people her diary will inspire and touch!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| December 6, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: history, life, people | 5 Comments
Hey sorry for not doing my question of the day yesterday but I have been really sick, last night I actually slept with my head on the toilet for a bit! The chic in this picture looks better than I do, I don’t get sick often but when I do it’s baaaad!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| December 5, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: sick | Leave a comment
Today’s question of the day is, why are liberals and Obama so concerned about a Muslims religious rights but they want to take away a Christians?
Posted by mommyx4boys	| December 3, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: christians, government, Obama, politics, religion | 16 Comments
Today’s question of the day is, do you still believe that Christmas miracles can happen, or is that a thing of the past?
Posted by mommyx4boys	| December 2, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: Christmas, family, holidays, love, miracles | 4 Comments
Today’s question of the day is – which is your favorite monster, zombies or vampires? Yawl already know my favorite, lol!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| December 1, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: lost boys, monsters, the walking dead, vampires, zombies | 11 Comments
Today’s question of the day is this, who do you think would be a better president Donald Trump or Ben Carson and why?
Posted by mommyx4boys	| November 30, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: Carson, government, politics, president, trump | 9 Comments
Posted by mommyx4boys	| November 29, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: the walking dead, zombies | 13 Comments
Today’s question is this, what’s wrong with some women and why do they get even more stupid as time passes? The pics I posted may help explain the question!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| November 29, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: abortion, women, women's rights | 5 Comments
I hope everyone had a great thanksgiving, I definitely did! I spent my day cooking and my son dj helped me for the first time so I really enjoyed that, getting to teach him some of my cooking tricks was a lot of fun for me! But I spent my day with the people I love the most in this world, except my son Dustin he had to work which stunk but it was a great day anyway and I ate way to much, lol! And my amazing husband even helped me clean up afterwards!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| November 28, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: cooking, family, holidays, love, thanksgiving | Leave a comment
Todays question is this, why is it that if a white person says something like I dont think Obama is a good president, then they are called racist but a black person can call for the murder of innocent white people and that is not considered racist? If you hate someone because of the color of their skin that is racism, whether that color is white, black, yellow, or brown! Every race has the potential to be racist because every race has people within that race that are just flat out stupid! What do yawl think about this, leave a comment and let me know!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| November 28, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: black, death, hate, murder, racism, white | Leave a comment
Hey everybody i am trying to get back in the habit of writing something every day but it hasnt been working, so i have decided to start doing a question of the day, and hopefully a lot of people will come by and let me know their thoughts on the topic and it should be easier to get back into writing every day if i have a specific goal!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| November 28, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: goals, life, people, writing | 2 Comments
So the hubby and I got invited to a benefit banquet for the pregnancy resource center this past monday night, and we really enjoyed it, our church is one of many in this area which donate to them! They are an excellent alternative to planned parenthood where 95 percent of their business is performing abortions, but the pregnancy resource center focuses on really helping women and their unborn babies! It was a great experience and we had a good time! Here is a pic of Darrell and I dropping kids off at his moms house before the banquet, we clean up pretty well I thought, lol!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| November 18, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: abortion, babies, life, pregnancy | 2 Comments
Some pics of me and my little ones early day Halloween at church and later before trick or treating, I was really lacking in my makeup skills this year!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| November 14, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: children, family, fun, Halloween, makeup, zombies | 6 Comments
I’m wondering, do people realize when you say something like prayers for France or I’m praying for you, that is not just an expression you are actually supposed to pray for them! I see so many people (especially celebrities) saying they are praying for France but some of them have said that they don’t even believe in God! Prayer is real and you shouldn’t say you are praying for someone if you’re not really going to! Prayers really going out for the people in France, May God be with them!
Posted by mommyx4boys	| November 14, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: celebrities, France, God, life, prayers | 1 Comment
It is amazing to me how much can be accomplished when you have a clear head and arent chasing after your next high. Four years ago i was a drug addict, alcoholic nobody about to lose my family, so if someone had told me where I would be now, I would have called them a liar.
I am no longer addicted to anything but life, God, my family, and maybe my love for riding and our motorcycles, lol. I have been so blessed, much more so then I deserve, of that i am sure!
My life is everything i always wished for when I was a little girl, I have an amazing husband (without which none of this would be possible) great kids, and im healthy. For me there is just no way things could be any better! Im so unbelievably happy. Here are some pics of my family and our motorcycles.
Posted by mommyx4boys	| August 16, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: addiction, life, love, motorcycles, recovery, sobriety | 9 Comments
Happy anniversary to the man who holds my heart and the love of my life, we have been together for 15 years and I love you more and more with every year that passes.
Posted by mommyx4boys	| July 31, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: anniversary, family, love, marriage | 14 Comments
My husband and I turned my motorcycle into a bobber and I love it so much, it couldn’t be more perfect for me! Here are some before and after pics.
Posted by mommyx4boys	| July 29, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: fun, hobbies, love, motorcycles, perfect | 4 Comments
Posted by mommyx4boys	| July 16, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: eating, food, gardening | 17 Comments
Okay i am now convinced that Obama will not be satisfied until the U.S.A is blown off the map , what is wrong with this man i mean as if he hasnt screwed up this country enough already now he is doing this nuclear deal with Iran! Why is he still in the white house? Why has he not bean impeached yet? With every day that passes, and every day that he is in power this country is in more and more trouble. Lord help us because who knows what condition our country will be in by the time elections role around.
Posted by mommyx4boys	| July 15, 2015 | Categories: Uncategorized | Tags: government, nuclear, Obama, politics, war | 12 Comments
The great thing about green beans is, you don't have to have a green thumb to be able to grow them. They are easy to grow, fairly hardy, and just about fool-proof! Just give them plenty of room, water, and sunlight and you're off to a great start. Here are some tips for growing green … [Read more...] about Tips for Growing Green Beans
Salves are incredibly effective ointments that are very simple to make and the ingredients won't hurt your budget. In fact, you can spend less than $20 dollars and have salves that will last up to two years.Many people have discovered the virtues of salves as they are very powerful. Salves are … [Read more...] about How to Make Healing Salves
I'm a twiddler and a fiddler. Give me a meeting, and I yearn to take out some crocheting and sit there doing handwork while I'm listening to people speak. It's not that I'm trying to be rude: I just concentrate better when my body is moving.Normally I would crochet when I feel fidgety, but … [Read more...] about Cordage: Make Your Own Rope
As the days grow shorter, food for the woodland creatures becomes scarce. I don't know about you, but I find squirrels to be some of the most entertaining fur-bearers in the forest. I enjoy their antics and find them extremely amusing. I know that as winter creeps in I will end up seeing less and … [Read more...] about Helping Out The Squirrels During Winter
Bartering is not a new concept - it’s been around for centuries. In the past, it was common to find neighbors bartering, to see ads in the paper offering skills in exchange for goods, or vice versa, but today, people are more wary of this beneficial way of living.Bartering is an excellent means … [Read more...] about Bartering Ideas: What Can You Trade With Friends and Neighbors?
❄ Company and Brand Introduction ❄ Huixin Jewelry is one of the largest jewelry and clothing manufacturers in Yiwu and all products carry SGS Product Quality Testing and Certification. Miraculous Garden is our registered trademark and we are the only seller of the brand. ❄ Top Material ❄ The unique and newest styling of costume earrings, aiming for a better match with your honor dressing and creating a special look & sense of beauty and elegance. Top quality material can stand the strict check(best of the best). We use finest environmental materials under the advanced handicraft to create such a beautiful artwork, to ensure complete quality. ❄ Eco-friendly ❄ Pretty design, nice construction and eye-catching; Made of AAA quality and Eco-friendly material. It is absolutely hypoallergenic, no risk and wear anywhere anytime. Excellent and equisite craftsmanship makes you charming and attractive in any occasion. ❄ Handling Time ❄ Arrange the shipment within 24 hours. Two Shipping Method: FBA(Fulfillment By Amazon): Receive the item within 2 days. FBM(Fulfillment By Merchant): Receive the item within 10 days. ❄ Return Policy ❄ 30-day money back guarantee including your original shipping and handling charges.
People become the past when they are forgotten, but memories will last with the legacy they leave behind.
My Store is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2018-11-07 11:02:46 UTC and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.com/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
These wooden heart decorations are printed on one side and you can write in other side.(no much letters)
Rustic wooden hearts with love can express your love to others and added a special touch to the bridal shower tables.
You can used these wooden love hearts for your table scatter at your rustic wedding you spread them out as confetti and they looked perfect. You will got so many compliments.
Size : These tiny wooden hearts are the size of a dime. Easy Clean : you can sprinkled these rustic wooden heart on the tables and they were so easy to clean up! Multipurpose : Unique "wooden confetti" great for table decor, shower game, desert and gift tables and decorative clothing, jewelry. Reuse : These wooden heart were so cute as confetti on the table. The love word was clear and bonus, you can use them over and over again. Multi-occasions : these small wooden hearts are great for wedding shower, anniversary parties, or romantic dinner with girls for table decor.Even you can send it to your wedding invitations.
We are offering you the chance to purchase our 3 most popular charts with a massive £4.60 saving on the price.
Buy all 3 and SAVE £4.60 - All 3 charts usually priced at £5 each can now be purchased for the Budget Busting price of only £12
The area where D.C. General Hospital is now located, would contain high-rise commercial and residential buildings, according to the long-term plan for the Nation's Capital called "Extending the Legacy," developed by the National Capital Planning Commission (NCPC). (See EIR, March 16, p. 73.)
Above is a portion of the NCPC's depiction of their plans, showing the area from the Capitol (left) to the "East Capitol/Anacostia Waterfront" area (upper right). It shows a complete transformation of this area, which now contains RFK Stadium, the D.C. Armory, D.C. General Hospital and the D.C. Jail. All of those facilities are gone, replaced by an environmental park and recreational area, bordered by high-rise private development.
The other drawing is the NCPC's depiction of the area where DC General Hospital now sits, at the foot of Massachusetts Avenue, S.E., which is to be transformed into a marina surrounded by private high-rise buildings.
The preceding article is a rough version of the article that appeared in The Executive Intelligence Review. It is made available here with the permission of The Executive Intelligence Review. Any use of, or quotations from, this article must attribute them to The Executive Intelligence Review
University of the Sciences, founded in 1821 as the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy, is a private, coeducational institution specializing in healthcare and science. Undergraduate, graduate and professional degrees are offered in 31 diverse subjects, on a beautiful campus in the heart of Philadelphia. Research and service are cornerstones of the University’s mission, in addition to excellence in education. USciences boasts historical graduation rates and high employment rates that are well above the national average.
Located just west of Center City, USciences' 23 buildings sit on 35 acres. They comprise both historic structures and modern facilities, including more than 100 laboratories open to students, the leading-edge McNeil Science and Technology Center, four residence halls, and the Athletic/Recreation Center, a center of student life.
University of the Sciences is committed to taking a proactive, precautionary approach in ensuring the safety of all members of the University community. Supplementing our efforts is the Philadelphia Police Department, which patrols the campus and adjacent areas.
The SAT has three sections (Mathematics, Critical Reading, and Writing), each scored on a scale of 200-800, though some institutions do not require the writing section. In the ranges provided for each section below, 25% of freshmen admitted to this institution in the fall of 2016 scored the same as or lower than the first number. Fifty percent of admitted freshmen received scores between the two numbers given, and 25% of admitted freshmen received a score the same as or higher than the second number provided for each section.
The ACT has four tests (English, Mathematics, Reading, and Science), each scored on a range of 1-36, and an optional writing test (scores are not reported here...check with the institution). In the ranges provided for each section below, 25% of freshmen admitted to this institution in the fall of 2016 scored the same as or lower than the first number. Fifty percent of admitted freshmen received scores between the two numbers given, and 25% of admitted freshmen received a score the same as or higher than the second number provided for each section.
Numbers are for degree-seeking undergraduate students and graduate students enrolled in the fall of 2017.
A student that holds a bachelor's degree or equivalent, and is taking courses at the post-baccalaureate level. Students formerly designated as first-professional students are now captured in the graduate student enrollment numbers.
Percentages are for degree-seeking undergraduates enrolled in the fall of 2017. These are categories developed by the Federal Office of Management and Budget (OMB) that are used to describe groups to which individuals belong, identify with, or belong in the eyes of the community, and are the categories used by institutions when reporting data on race/ethnicity to the federal government. The categories do not denote scientific definitions of anthropological origins. An individual is counted in only one group by the institution.
This category is used ONLY if the student did not select a racial/ethnic designation when asked by the institution, AND the Institution finds it impossible to place the student in one of the racial/ethnic categories during established enrollment procedures or in any post-enrollment identification or verification process. This is a category developed by the Federal Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and is used by institutions when reporting data on race/ethnicity to the federal government.
Persons who are not citizens or nationals of the United States and who are in this country on a visa or temporary basis and do not have the right to remain indefinitely. This is the category “nonresident alien” developed by the Federal Office of Management and Budget (OMB).
A person having origins in any of the original peoples of Europe, North Africa, or the Middle East (except those of Hispanic origin). This is a category developed by the Federal Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and is used by institutions when reporting data on race/ethnicity to the federal government. This category does not denote a scientific definition of anthropological origins.
A person of Cuban, Mexican, Puerto Rican, Central or South American, or other Spanish culture or origin, regardless of race. This is a category developed by the Federal Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and is used by institutions when reporting data on race/ethnicity to the federal government. This category does not denote a scientific definition of anthropological origins.
A person having origins in any of the original peoples of the Far East, Southeast Asia, or the Indian Subcontinent, including, for example, Cambodia, China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philippine Islands, Thailand, and Vietnam. This is a category developed by the Federal Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and is used by institutions when reporting data on race/ethnicity to the federal government. This category does not denote a scientific definition of anthropological origins.
A person having origins in any of the original peoples of North and South America (including Central America) who maintains cultural identification through tribal affiliation or community attachment. This is a category developed by the Federal Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and is used by institutions when reporting data on race/ethnicity to the federal government. This category does not denote a scientific definition of anthropological origins.
A person having origins in any of the black racial groups of Africa. This is a category developed by the Federal Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and is used by institutions when reporting data on race/ethnicity to the federal government. This category does not denote a scientific definition of anthropological origins.
A person having origins in any of the original peoples of Hawaii, Guam, Samoa, or other Pacific Islands. This is a category developed by the Federal Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and is used by institutions when reporting data on race/ethnicity to the federal government. This category does not denote a scientific definition of anthropological origins.
A person that self-identifies with two or more of the aforementioned race/ethnic categories. This is a category developed by the Federal Office of Management and Budget (OMB) and is used by institutions when reporting data on race/ethnicity to the federal government. This category does not denote a scientific definition of anthropological origins.
Percentage is for full-time degree-seeking freshmen from the fall of 2016 who re-enrolled in the institution in the fall of 2017.
Percentages are for full-time first-time bachelor’s (or equivalent) degree-seeking undergraduate students who entered this institution in the summer or fall of 2011 and completed their degree at this institution by the fall of 2017.
Percent is for full-time first-time bachelor’s (or equivalent) degree-seeking undergraduate students who entered this institution in the fall of 2011 and completed their degree at this institution by the fall of 2015.
Percent is for full-time first-time bachelor’s (or equivalent) degree-seeking undergraduate students who entered this institution in the fall of 2011 and completed their degree at this institution by the fall of 2016.
Percent is for full-time first-time bachelor’s (or equivalent) degree-seeking undergraduate students who entered this institution in the fall of 2011 and completed their degree at this institution by the fall of 2017.
Bachelor’s degrees are any degrees that normally require at least four but not more than five years of full-time equivalent college-level work. This includes ALL bachelor’s degrees awarded in a five-year cooperative (work-study plan) program which provides for alternate class attendance and employment in business, industry, or government and thus allows students to combine actual work experience with their college studies. Also, it includes bachelor’s degrees in which the normal four years of work are completed in three years.
Master’s degrees require the successful completion of a program of study of at least the full-time equivalent of one but not more than two academic years of study beyond the bachelor’s degree. Some of these degrees, such as those in Theology (ex., M.Div., M.H.L./Rav) that were formerly classified as first-professional degrees, may require more than two full-time equivalent academic years of work.
Doctoral degrees are the highest award a student can earn for graduate study. There are three categories of Doctoral degrees:
Doctor's degree-research/scholarship: Requires advanced work beyond the master's level, including the preparation and defense of a dissertation based on original research, or the planning and execution of an original project demonstrating substantial artistic or scholarly achievement.
Doctor's degree-professional practice: A doctor's degree that is conferred upon completion of a program providing the knowledge and skills for the recognition, credential, or license required for professional practice. The degree is awarded after a period of study such that the total time to the degree, including both pre-professional and professional preparation, equals at least six full-time equivalent academic years. Some of these degrees were formerly classified as first-professional and may include: Chiropractic (D.C. or D.C.M.); Dentistry (D.D.S. OR D.M.D.); Law (L.L.B. or J.D.); Medicine (M.D.); Optometry (O.D.); Osteopathic Medicine (D.O.); Pharmacy (Pharm.D.); Podiatry (D.P.M., Pod.D., D.P.); or, Vetrinary Medicine (D.V.M.), and others, as designated by the awarding institution.
Doctor's degree-other: A doctor's degree that does not meet the definition of a doctor's degree-research/scholarship or a doctor's degree-professional practice.
This graphic represents the four majors in which the most bachelor's degrees were awarded between July 1, 2016 and June 30, 2017. The category of “All Others” is the sum of all the other majors earned at the institution in that year. Students with a double major will only be represented by the category of their first major.
Numbers are estimates only for full-time undergraduate students living on campus in academic year 2017-18.
These expenses include average costs for a typical full-time undergraduate student living on campus, for clothing, laundry, entertainment, medical (if not a required fee), and furnishings.
These costs include two round trips per year to the hometown of a typical full-time undergraduate student living on campus.
These costs include the average cost of books and supplies for a typical full-time undergraduate student living on campus. Unusual costs for special groups of students (for example, engineering or art majors) are not included unless they constitute a majority of the students at the institution.
This figure assumes double occupancy in institutional housing and 19 meals per week (or the maximum meal plan).
This figure represents typical tuition for a full-time undergraduate student for the full academic year (generally September to June) plus required fees or those charges that all full-time students must pay that are not included in tuition (for example, registration, health, or activity fees). Optional fees such as parking and laboratory use are not included.
Percentages are for full-time, first-time degree/certificate-seeking undergraduate students enrolled in fall 2016.
These monies include Pell Grants and Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants made by the U.S. Department of Education as well as need-based and merit-based educational assistance funds and training vouchers from other federal agencies.
These monies include grants provided by the state to the institution through the LEAP program as well as state merit scholarships and tuition and fee waivers. Local grants are any local government grants, scholarship, or gift-aid awarded directly to the student.
These monies include scholarships and fellowships funded by the institution and/or individual departments. Also included are tuition and fee waivers and athletic scholarships from the institution.
These monies include subsidized and unsubsidized loans made directly to the student, including Perkins Loans. Also included are institutionally- and privately-sponsored loans for which the student is the designated borrower and funds go through the institution. PLUS and other loans for which the parent is the designated borrower are excluded.
An institution's Net Price Calculator provides an individualized estimate of the net price of attendance for a first-time, full-time aided undergraduate at that institution. The federal definition of net price is as follows: an institution's cost of attendance for first-time, full-time undergraduate students less the total need- and merit-based federal, state and institutional grant aid awarded (i.e., monetary awards that do not have to be paid back) divided by the number of first-time, full-time undergraduate students receiving such aid.
The average per-undergraduate-borrower cumulative principal borrowed of the 2017 undergraduate class (does not include students who transferred in or any money borrowed while at other institutions) who started at this institution as first-time students and received a bachelor’s degree between July 1, 2016 and June 30, 2017. Includes loans through all loan programs: institutional, state, Federal Perkins, Federal Stafford Subsidized and Unsubsidized, Federal Direct Student Loans and Federal Family Education Loans, and private loans certified by this institution; parent loans are excluded but co-signed loans are included.
These figures represent typical tuition for a full-time undergraduate student for the full academic year (generally September to June) plus required fees or those charges that all full-time students must pay that are not included in tuition (for example, registration, health, or activity fees). Optional fees such as parking and laboratory use are not included.
Ratios are for full-time equivalent students to full-time equivalent instructional faculty for the fall of 2017. Full-time equivalent equals all the full-time individuals plus one-third of the part-time individuals. Faculty and students in stand-alone graduate programs such as medicine, law, veterinary, dentistry, social work, business, or public health in which faculty teach virtually only graduate level students are not included in the ratio calculations. Undergraduate or graduate student teaching assistants are not included as faculty.
Full-time instructional faculty in the fall of 2017 who held a doctorate, first professional, or the highest degree available in their field. Instructional faculty is defined as those members of the instructional-research staff whose major regular assignment is instruction, including those with released time for research.
This is the number of classes per semester. A class is an organized course offered for credit, and not a subsection such as a laboratory or discussion section. Not included in this table is distance learning classes, noncredit classes, individual instruction such as thesis research and music instruction, independent studies, co-operative programs, internships, foreign language taped tutor sessions, practicums, and all students in one-on-one classes.
!! EXCITING NEWS !! Registration is now open for both Worthing & Brighton Pride 2018! Spaces are extremely limited (especially
Entries for this years Supreme at Goodwood on Sunday 30th September are fully booked. We have had 69 teams interested in
Incredible, Amazing, Brilliant, One of the best, just some of the comments we received from our 2000 plus audience who
Two West Sussex SASU Managers have recently returned from Northern Ireland. Stephen and Amanda Bell were invited to come to
The search is on for a new District Commissioner for Chichester Scouts, and we need you to think about anyone
April marks the time of year where we celebrate the Young People within the County who have achieved the Queen
Following from our announcement earlier in the year that some of our Adult Leaders had been awarded St George’s Day
Over the weekend 24th – 25th March 70 teams from across West and East Sussex took part in the Overland
In March we celebrated the many achievements of our young people along with their families from the across the county
Our newest Scout Group, 2nd Felpham officially welcomed its first group of beaver scouts to the movement despite the snow
Posted by Irn12 on May 29, 2011, 10:22 pm, in reply to "i went nuts & deboxed..... it was the best feeling!"
[quote] --Previous Message-- : : : --Previous Message-- : I'm an opener. I love to take them out of : the : box and display them in large groups, but : that is just me. If you want to retain the : value, then leave them in the box. : : Good luck and if you get tired of them, hey, : I'll take them off your hands. :-) : : --Previous Message-- : i have a ton of the new marvel universe : action : figures... : i haven't place to display them since my : marvel legends & : other items take up all the rest of my : space. : : i'm itching to rip into them & just : store them away or : should i just leave them as is? : : i'm not going to sell them in the future... : so taking them out of the package is no big : deal. : : DGTrixie : : : : : : [/quote]
"The Marvel Legends Message Board" characters featured herein and related elements, logos, symbols, etc. are all registered trademarks of Marvel unless otherwise stated and are used without permission. No copyright infringement is intended or contained on this site. "The Marvel Legends Message Board" web site understands and recognizes the right of Marvel to enforce ownership of these trademarks, and does not dispute this. "The Marvel Legends Message Board" web site believes that everything on this web site falls within the fair use clause of Trademarks and Copyrights, and pledges full cooperation with Marvel to protect its trademarks. "The Marvel Legends Message Board" website is in no way affiliated with, recognized, sponsored, approved or authorized by Marvel. The opinions of this site are not necessarily those of Marvel. This site serves as a non-profit scholarly work, which reviews, promotes, and documents all elements of "Marvel Legends" in all media. Some illustrations and words are the creation of others that may or may not have appeared in other publications or web sites. Their inclusion in this site is not intended as an infringement of their copyright in any way, but rather is done in the interest of documenting and reviewing pieces of comic book history within the fair use clause of Trademarks and Copyrights. "Marvel Legends" and other related properties and images are TM & © by Marvel. "The Marvel Legends Message Board" web site holds no Trademarks or Copyrights of any kind to any information on this site.
Sometimes you feel like the divorce might be a mistake and other times you feel like you’ve never viewed life from a clearer perspective — you’ve never been stronger.
You try not to pay attention to the details of his new life because you know that a huge divorce hurtle is overcoming the moment you realize your ex-lover has become someone else’s lover — so you do your best to float above it all and keep telling yourself you want him to be happy. But you have this niggling feeling that maybe you’re making the worst mistake of your life. There we were, eating the Doritos he gifted me with and sipping the red wine I bought him. Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Kathy Gleason is a freelance writer living in rural northern New Jersey who has been writing professionally since 2010.
She is a graduate of The Institute for Therapeutic Massage in Pompton Lakes, N. Before leaving her massage therapy career to start a family, Gleason specialized in Swedish style, pregnancy and sports massage.
You’re kind of bringing in your new self.” People can always tell when they are falling for an ex-spouse again.”That’s a natural thing to come up to people.
“I think what you can bring into dating your next spouse is a new beginning, taking in and bringing in new learning that you have about relationships, because we’re different people every day, and we’re changing and growing every day. ” “If they’ve done it all, they need to say, ‘This won’t work. ” “A couple gets a divorce and has their reasons for doing that, and after the divorce can decide for any number of reasons that they want to get back together again,” says Kevin Rhinehart, a social worker and marriage therapist in Boise, Idaho.Rapper Eminem may be known for his controversial lyrics, but he is equally known for his on-again, off-again relationship with his wife — they have been married and divorced several times to (and from) each other.Think this is a situation that only famous people get placed in? It happens all the time to people who are teachers, professionals, and average parents.Hooking up after getting divorced isn't all that rare — think of all the history and the sexual tension that might be released after finally calling it quits — but what if the reason you split up was because your husband cheated on you? interviewed one anonymous woman in exactly that situation.Nine years ago, my ex-husband Brian* and I had moved from Austin, Texas, to stay with my best friend Sarah* and her husband Dan* in their New England farmhouse.
These days meeting new unknown people using the internet is one of the most popular items in life. .
Sub –Head: - Maintenance and repairing of Electrical Installation i/c street lighting and operation of lift including rescue operation of lifts in academic area..
As someone pointed it out, it was never scheduled to turn our water off. Now, a couple of days ago, they announced massive cuts to water supplies for Rome because the lake that mostly feeds the city has reached its limit and the governor has forbidden to take more water out..
B'Elanna Torres experiences symptoms similar to the pon farr after being attacked by Ensign Vorik who is also undergoing the blood fever.
"Captain's log, stardate 50537.2. Routine scans of an uninhabited star system have revealed the presence of gallicite, a very rare substance, on the fourth planet."
USS Voyager comes into orbit around an apparently-uninhabited planet that has been detected to contain gallicite, a substance that can be used to refit the ship's warp coils. Closer sensor sweeps reveal at least a kiloton of the material, more than enough to do the job. There also appears to be an abandoned colony site on the planet. Captain Janeway places B'Elanna Torres in charge of an operation to potentially collect and utilize the gallicite. Janeway advises her to involve Neelix, as he has mining experience.
In engineering, Torres and Ensign Vorik are examining the gallicite deposits further and find artificial tunnels, suggesting past mining operations. After they are finished with their examination, much to Torres' dismay, Vorik makes the koon-ut-so'lik - the ritual Vulcan marriage proposal. On top of her objection that the proposal is too sudden, Torres remembers that Vulcans typically have arranged marriages but Vorik notes that his betrothed likely considers him lost and would have chosen a different mate by now. After repeated rebuffs of his advances, Vorik attacks Torres, attempting to place her in a mind meld. Torres is able to break away from Vorik, punching him in the face and knocking him across Main Engineering.
In sickbay, The Doctor diagnoses Vorik as having a dislocated jaw and a neurochemical imbalance which he must discuss with Vorik privately. Torres leaves disgusted, after which The Doctor reveals to Vorik that he is going through pon farr. Vorik's distress upon hearing the diagnosis suggests it is his very first pon farr, which can be particularly dangerous to those who are not experienced at mitigating their own symptoms. The Doctor has extremely little information on pon farr and requests in vain for any information. Somewhat embarrassed and determined to deal with it himself, Vorik requests to be allowed to deal with the situation himself. With no other alternative for the moment The Doctor agrees, telling Vorik he is confined to quarters and also fits him with a cortical monitor.
The Doctor goes to the only other person who could possibly help Vorik: Tuvok. But even he is unwilling to discuss things with The Doctor, leading The Doctor to make the very Human judgment that Vulcans have a Victorian attitude toward sex. Tuvok does say that Vorik only has three alternatives to death: taking a mate, fighting for a mate or intense meditation. He feels that attempting to intervene would be counter-productive.
Torres, Neelix and Tom Paris meet in a transporter room where Torres informs the other two that Vorik will not be joining them on the surface. They examine the route they will be taking to the most accessible, useful vein of gallicite and beam down. Neelix and Paris take note of Torres' unusually cheerful attitude. As they move toward their destination, Neelix finds a colony. Though it suggests it has only been abandoned for fifty to sixty years, it is in bad decay. Paris wants to explore it but Torres suggests, almost flirtatiously, that Paris wants to delay showing off his climbing ability in the gallicite caves. They all head off towards the caves.
In the caves, they find that the tunnels are steeper than they expected. They put their fusing pitons into the rocks and descend. However, Neelix's piton breaks and he falls, pulling Torres off the face as well. Neelix injures his knee in the landing and Torres yells at him for nearly getting them all killed. Paris tries to get Torres to calm down, noting that he checked Neelix' rigging work and that his piton must have malfunctioned. Torres decides to continue the mission on her own, even though Neelix has to return to the ship. Paris tries to stop her but she bites him on the cheek and runs away. Paris stays with Neelix and taps his combadge, saying, "Paris to Voyager. We've got problems down here."
Upon being briefed by Paris as to the situation, including Torres' unusual behavior, Janeway orders a second away team for rescue. Tuvok delays however, suspecting he knows what is wrong with Torres. He goes to Vorik's quarters and apologizing for interrupting during such a sensitive time, tries to get him to reconstruct the earlier events with Torres. Vorik states that it was difficult to remember but he recalls putting his hands to her face. Tuvok figures out that Vorik initiated a mind meld in an attempt to establish a telepathic mating bond. He surmises that the mind meld awoke in Torres her compatible Klingon mating instincts (which are very similar to pon farr and potentially just as dangerous to herself and others). Vorik wants to help her but Tuvok advises the younger Vulcan to continue his meditative efforts, suggesting that Torres would not want his help.
Chakotay and Tuvok go to the surface and brief Paris on Torres' potentially life-threatening situation. As Neelix is taken to safety, Chakotay, Tuvok and Paris go after Torres. They find her deeper in the caves, where she has discovered live artificial lighting circuitry in the richest deposits of gallicite. The crew, for the moment, is more concerned about helping Torres but she is unaware of what's going on with her, growing increasingly more irritated and angry. She can't understand why the others are acting the way they are. Right then, aliens appear, holding weapons.
The aliens confront the away team, asking what they want on their planet. Chakotay tries to assure the aliens that they mean no harm. The aliens are suspicious of Torres but Tuvok tries to assure them she is ill and they are trying to get her to safety. Chakotay tells the aliens they thought the planet was uninhabited. The head alien is permitted to examine a phaser and confirms that their tricorders did not previously detect any life forms.
Suddenly, a seismic alarm sounds and the aliens warn them that the walls are unstable. One of the aliens tries to push Torres to safety and is attacked. As an earthquake occurs, the aliens disappear with Chakotay and Tuvok, while Paris tries to calm Torres down. Neither the aliens nor Chakotay and Tuvok can be detected, revealing a jamming field that blocks life signs. Paris promises to explain to Torres what's wrong with her but insists they have to get to the ship before trying to find Chakotay and Tuvok.
In sickbay, Vorik has returned to The Doctor, who injects a hypospray to regulate Vorik's serotonin levels. He also has postulated a possible course for regulation of symptoms but Vorik is still reluctant to accept help. The Doctor advises that, in Voyager's current situation, he may need all the help that he can get from his friends onboard. The Doctor takes Vorik to a holodeck, where he suggests he use a holographic Vulcan female named T'Pera to deal with his "urges". Vorik disdains mating with a hologram because "she isn't real", but seeing no alternatives, suggests he may try it.
Underground, Torres is trying to make sense of what Paris is telling her. Paris is aware that a bite like she gave him could be an initiation of a Klingon mating ritual. Torres is uncertain of what to do and unwilling to have anything to do with Vorik. Paris assures Torres that The Doctor should be able to help her. When they come to a blockage caused by the earlier tremor, Paris stops Torres from trying to blast it open with a phaser rifle. In the struggle over the rifle, Paris realizes she is initiating a mating ritual with him and resists her actions, even when she begs him to give in. Paris asks her to fight her urges as long as possible, unwilling to take advantage of her when she's vulnerable.
In a hidden tunnel, one of the aliens, a Sakari named Ishan, interrogates Tuvok and Chakotay, wanting to know everything about them, their ship and their technology. He takes particular interest in an artificial joint in one of Tuvok's elbows. Chakotay wants to know why the Sakari have taken such great lengths to avoid detection. Ishan says that invaders came long before he was born and destroyed the Sakari civilization. The survivors have hidden underground ever since. Chakotay offers Voyager's help to improve their concealment techniques – particularly the concealment of their gallicite, which is how Voyager found them, and remove the remaining surface traces of their civilization. Ishan agrees but states that the visitors will be supervised at all times. Then, the Sakari's seismic alert sounds again.
A partial cave-in occurs where Torres and Paris are trapped. They are okay but the rifle has been buried, hindering their escape. Torres has a moment of weakness and resumes her advances on Paris. She states that she thinks he wants her as bad as she wants him but he is still unwilling to give in. Torres challenges him, telling how she knows he has some feelings for her. She begs him not to push her away, claiming that she does feel the same way. They finally kiss but Paris regains his wits, leaving Torres frustrated by his unwillingness to help by mating with her.
On Voyager, The Doctor returns to the holodeck where he sees Vorik, who appears more relaxed. He suggests that the holoprogram has helped and wants to return to duty. The Doctor isn't ready to release him to work yet. The Doctor reports to Janeway and suggests that the holodeck might work with Torres as well. He enthuses to Vorik about the possibility of publishing a paper the various races' mating rituals, purely "from a socio-biological point of view", but Vorik's non-verbal reaction causes The Doctor to catch himself, assuring the Vulcan that this private medical matter will remain private.
In the caves, Torres' agony is starting to worsen, to the point of short-term amnesia. Chakotay and Tuvok finally clear the rocks from the other side of the tunnel and get Paris and Torres to the surface. When they arrive however, they find communications with Voyager are down. Tuvok notices Torres' condition and tells Paris that the only solution is for he and Torres to mate. If they do not he surmises, Torres will die. Paris agrees and Tuvok and Chakotay give them their privacy as Torres practically drags Paris by the hand off into the forest.
Off in the surrounding forest, he and Torres begin to give in to the urges. Before they get too far however, they are interrupted by an enraged Vorik, who has beamed to the surface and is now determined to mate with Torres at any cost. He shouts for Tuvok and declares his intention to initiate the koon-ut-kal-if-fee, which Tuvok explains is a ritual challenge in order to win Torres' hand in marriage. He wants to fight Paris to the death, a challenge everyone knows Paris will lose. Vorik confirms that not only is he the one that disabled communications, but did the same with the shuttles and the transporters to stop any interference.
Torres prevents a tragedy by declaring herself her own champion. Chakotay is hesitant to allow it but Tuvok convinces him, explaining that it is B'Elanna's right under Vulcan custom - and it's the only option the two engineers have left. With Tuvok officiating the challenge, Vorik and Torres fight and Torres ultimately knocks Vorik unconscious after a long and vicious hand-to-hand battle. Torres, exhausted, falls into Paris's arms. The fight clears both Torres and Vorik of their blood fever and they are out of harm's way.
"Captain's log, stardate 50541.6. We're following through with Chakotay's offer to help the Sakari improve their camouflage and they've agreed to supply us with a generous quantity of gallicite."
Back onboard, Paris and Torres run into each other on a turbolift. While both feeling uneasy regarding recent events, she tells him the retrofitting of the warp coils is going well. Paris halts the turbolift and they talk through what happened, taking into account that they will likely be on the ship together for a very long time. Paris states bluntly that he didn't think Torres' Klingon side was that frightening and that he welcomed the possibility of seeing it again some day. As she leaves the turbolift on her level, Torres amicably warns him to be careful what he wishes for.
On the surface of the planet, Chakotay sends an urgent hail to Captain Janeway to beam down to his coordinates. He has found something she absolutely needs to see. When she arrives, he takes her to some bushes and pulls them aside to reveal what he has found: the ancient remains of one of the invaders who destroyed the Sakari civilization. Janeway immediately recognizes them in horror: the remains of a Borg drone.
"For such an intellectually enlightened race, Vulcans have a remarkably Victorian attitude about sex."
"Then here's a Vulcan one: I fail to see the logic in perpetuating ignorance about a basic biological function."
"There is nothing logical about the Pon Farr. It is a time when instinct and emotion dominate over reason."
"B'Elanna, stop it! This isn't about the gun, this is about sex. But that's not gonna happen right now."
"I'll get to work designing the half-Klingon version of the program. There's a copious amount of information in the cultural database about their mating practices. Did you know that fracturing a clavicle on the wedding night is actually considered a blessing on the marriage?"
"You're afraid that your big, scary Klingon side might have been showing. Well, I saw it up close and you know, it wasn't so terrible. In fact, I wouldn't mind seeing it again someday."
"We found this as we were clearing away the ruins. Undoubtedly, one of the invaders who destroyed this colony."
According to executive producer Jeri Taylor, this episode of Star Trek: Voyager involved a much anticipated theme but took a while to be written, at least partly because the writers wished to defy expectations. At the time, she said, "Everyone has been wondering when we were going to do [a pon farr episode], and one of the reasons we hadn't was because we could not think of a fresh way of doing it. Everybody expects that Tuvok is going to be going through the pon farr, and that's not what we do. We have a very offbeat approach to it." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
In fact, the producers initially wanted this episode to feature Tuvok experiencing the pon farr that B'Elanna Torres ultimately goes through. Actor Tim Russ explained, "There are a lot of factors that come into play that made it problematic for me to be involved in that, such as the fact that Tuvok has already got a wife and children. For an 8:00 p.m. family show, adultery would not be a very good thing for this character to partake in!" (Star Trek Monthly issue 41, p. 28) The change to B'Elanna suffering from the condition made a lot of sense to episode writer Lisa Klink; she agreed with Russ that, because Tuvok was married with children, "the idea of even suggesting that he would mate with someone else just seemed to be unattractive." Accounting for the writing staff's decision to use B'Elanna Torres as the alternative, Klink stated, "Because of the half-Klingon, half-Human struggle that she always goes through, it certainly seemed like she was someone who had a lot of sexual energy to vent. That whole Klingon side of herself that she represses, is actually not unlike the way Vulcans tend to suppress their emotional side. So it seemed fairly credible that if you could remove your emotional control in the same way, you'd get the same kind of reaction." (Cinefantastique, Vol. 29, No. 6/7, p. 105)
Apparently, the story then changed to Tuvok helping Torres through the pon farr, before Tom Paris was made more central to the plot. Paris actor Robert Duncan McNeill remarked, "Originally that episode was written for B'Elanna to go into pon farr and to be trapped in the caves with Tuvok, who would help her go through this and deal with it because he's Vulcan and he's been through it. At the very last minute, literally like the day before we started shooting that episode, they thought, 'Why don't we make it Tom Paris and B'Elanna trapped, and let's see what happens with that.' So they made this change." (Star Trek Monthly issue 28, p. 58) At the end of the third season, Lisa Klink accounted for this alteration: "We've been trying to play this thing with her being attracted to Paris. This seemed like a good way to advance that, because if she did go about choosing a mate, that might be very well who she chooses." (Cinefantastique, Vol. 29, No. 6/7, p. 105)
The first draft of this episode's script was delivered on 9 October 1996. (Star Trek Monthly issue 25) The episode's final script draft was submitted on 18 October 1996. [1]
Fledgling director Andrew Robinson (who is best known for playing Elim Garak on Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, for which he had previously directed the episode "Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places") received this episode's first draft script on 9 October 1996. He had barely two careful reads through of the script before he, during the following day, had to attend the episode's first production meeting (at which all the departments customarily analyzed the script and questioned the script's particulars from their own perspective). Although he hurried out of the meeting to catch a flight to London for the Assimilation Convention which would be held that weekend, Robinson immersed himself in the script during his travels. He later recalled, "My brain was swimming with a thousand and one questions and no solutions as well as beginning to grapple with the main task of visualizing the story. The two long plane rides, to and from London, turned out to be an unexpected blessing: I immersed myself in Lisa Klink's provocative script and came up for air only at mealtimes." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25) Robinson felt that the script was great and that its story was good. (Delta Quadrant, p. 167)
Andrew Robinson also believed, however, that one of the two biggest challenges he was presented with – upon signing on to direct this episode – was how to make the pon farr phenomenon believable. He felt that the most important scene, in terms of both this aspect and the story in general, was the one wherein B'Elanna almost manages to seduce a conflicted Paris while both are trapped in a cave; Robinson related that was "a scene I consider to be the heart and soul of the story (and the one that was the most dangerous in terms of credibility)." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
Andrew Robinson ultimately took a moral from this episode, regarding sexuality. He explained, "For me, this story had an important and dangerous [...] mythic theme: We all have to confront and explore our sexuality which requires that we descend into the 'caves' of our subconsciousness." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
Andrew Robinson believed that the only way to overcome the problem of making the pon farr phenomenon convincing was to gain the trust of the performers (particularly Vorik actor Alexander Enberg, Robert Duncan McNeill and, most especially, Torres actress Roxann Dawson). In turn, the cast made a definite impression on Robinson during the making of this episode. He noted, "If I didn't know it when I started this episode, I certainly found out on 'Blood Fever' just how valuable it is to listen to actors and their input." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
Roxann Dawson believed Lisa Klink deserved high praise for writing such a multi-layered script as the one for this episode. (Delta Quadrant, p. 167) After Dawson and Robert Duncan McNeill received the episode's teleplay, one of the first things they did was to discuss the arc of the script and how they viewed the installment as the starting point to an ongoing relationship. "It really comes down to the actors interpreting what's on the page," Dawson commented. "Robbie and I wanted to make sure that certain elements were there and, also, we didn't want to overstep any boundaries." (The Official Star Trek: Voyager Magazine issue 12) McNeill noted, "Roxann and I were talking about this relationship and where it's gonna go from that episode and in the future." (Star Trek Monthly issue 28, p. 58) During production, the pair of actors incorporated these conversations into their performances when playing their scenes together. (The Official Star Trek: Voyager Magazine issue 12)
With Paris' role in the episode having been changed from being Tuvok, Robert Duncan McNeill had some concerns over his character. "I wanted to make sure Tom didn't come off as a little too, you know... he's attracted to her, and she's saying, 'Help me, help me.' So he's turning her down, but there weren't a lot of reasons for that [as far as I could see]. That was my complaint all along. I kept saying, 'Why does he keep saying no? If he's gonna say no, let's make it really hard for him, and really get to the limit but have some good reasons why he thinks this is a bad time. Let's walk that thin line and get as close to the edge there as much as we can, and then not follow through.'" (Star Trek Monthly issue 28, p. 58)
Roxann Dawson thought this episode was notable for exhibiting facets of her character as an individual. "In 'Blood Fever', we really explored many aspects that were very particular to B'Elanna but not necessarily particular to Klingons or chief engineers in general," Dawson explained, before adding, "We're discovering that she's not just strong in the masculine sense, but that she can be sexual and feminine and interested in learning more about herself." (The Official Star Trek: Voyager Magazine issue 12) Dawson also said of "Blood Fever", "B'Elanna goes through a lot in that show, and you get to see a few sides of her that we either hadn't seen at all before or that we'd only hinted at in previous episodes." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
This episode required some bravery from Roxann Dawson. She explained, "It demanded a kind of courage that I did not know if I had. I took risks there, and I'm glad I did. I hope people think those risks paid off." (The Official Star Trek: Voyager Magazine issue 12)
Both Robert Duncan McNeill and Roxann Dawson enjoyed this episode. McNeill cited the episode as one of his favorites from the first three seasons of Star Trek: Voyager. (Star Trek Monthly issue 37, p. 44) He also noted, "I think 'Blood Fever' when B'Elanna gets Pon farr was really good." (Star Trek: Communicator issue 112, p. 56) McNeill elaborated, "I think we ended up with an episode that was exciting, that was very sexy at times, and that was funny at other times [...] That was a really exciting episode. It was one of my favorites to do." (Star Trek Monthly issue 28, pp. 58 & 59) In a retrospective interview, Roxann Dawson agreed, "'Blood Fever' was a very fun episode to shoot. I think that we all had fun [...] I haven't seen that episode in a while, but I'd love to go back and look at that, because the shooting of it was a blast. We had a lot of fun." (Braving the Unknown: Season Three, VOY Season 3 DVD special features) The actress also noted, "That was an extraordinary experience." (The Official Star Trek: Voyager Magazine issue 12) She similarly enthused that this installment "was definitely one of my most interesting episodes." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25) In fact, Roxann Dawson enjoyed not only this installment, including the act of working on it, but also the work that Robert Duncan McNeill invested in the episode, describing him as a "real trooper." (Delta Quadrant, p. 167)
This is the second of two Star Trek: Voyager episodes in which Garrett Wang (Harry Kim) does not appear, the first being the earlier third season episode "Fair Trade". Partly due to his absence in that episode, this episode is also the second of three Voyager installments that do not feature Harry Kim; he is seen only as an illusion in the Season 6 episode "Barge of the Dead".
Due to the last-minute rewrite of Tuvok scenes becoming Tom Paris moments, essentially every scene had to be revised during production. "We were kind of rewriting scene-by-scene as we were shooting," Robert Duncan McNeill explained, "because you know, [the original version] was a very different story, and they had to deal with a lot of sexual tension and things going on with Tom and B'Elanna." It was these on-the-spot rewrites that concerned McNeill about there being sufficient reasoning for his character to be turning B'Elanna down. (Star Trek Monthly issue 28, p. 58) Although the rewrites added a degree of pressure to the filming, McNeill suspected that they perhaps made the shooting company (the cast and crew) compensate, ultimately making for a better story. (Star Trek Monthly issue 28, pp. 58 & 59)
Andrew Robinson felt that the second of the two biggest problems that presented themselves to him, when he signed on to direct this episode, (the first being the challenge of making the story's use of pon farr credible) was how to handle a five-day shoot on Paramount Stage 16 (Star Trek's frequently-reused cave setting) while remaining conscious of the limits given to him. In Robinson's own words, the challenge was "how to shoot in the Stage 16 (known as 'Planet Hell') caves for five days without destroying the budget, schedule and my fledging film directing career." He added, "For someone with my lack of experience this was a daunting technical challenge." A related problem was how to justify casting enough light on the actors, in the caves, for them to be seen; this was problematic due to the fact that, in a real cave, there is typically no natural source of light. (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
The first day of production on this episode was 22 October 1996, at which time the scenes involving Janeway, The Doctor and Tuvok in The Doctor's office and sickbay were filmed. Robinson said of the first day's shooting, "This was a blessing to begin the show with Robert Picardo, Tim Russ and my old friend and comrade Kate Mulgrew [....] These three made the first day of shooting a problem-free delight. This was a relief, because my first day of the DS9 episode I had directed ('Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places') was memorable in that all my worst fears were manifested [....] So working with the three of them was a collaboration of the highest order." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
The second day of production started with filming on the Voyager bridge set. According to Robinson, this day "went just as smoothly [as the first one]." The day later moved on to a scene involving Vorik and B'Elanna Torres as well as the first time (in the episode) when the pon farr element of the story is introduced. Robinson recalled, "The big scene that day was the one in which Vorik puts his move on Torres and she knocks him down to defend herself [....] We shot the scene on the second level of Engineering to give the characters a needed sense of isolation. Both actors were understandably nervous about how we were going to establish the plot point upon which the entire story rests. As we were trying to work out the physical action of Vorik's 'move', Roxann and I got into a disagreement over how Torres would react to it [....] I did not agree with her choice, but after I stated my case as clearly as possible and she still didn't agree with me I accepted the way she wanted to play the moment and we filmed it. It worked and the scene played quite credibly [....] The pon farr was launched... and so was our working relationship." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
The third day of filming included the scenes in the Paxau Resort holoprogram and the scene in which Tuvok visits Vorik in his quarters while the latter is undergoing the pon farr. During filming of the scene set in Vorik's quarters, Tim Russ was instrumental in deciding how Vorik and Tuvok should interact. "We had to figure out, 'Well, how would they behave, towards each other?' [....] It was nice," Russ reminisced. "We played the scene together where, when I worked it out with the writers, I said, 'Well, how will we do this? How can we make this happen? Well, we should... I think that they should be very uncomfortable, in the presence of each other. Not even look each other in the eye, very easily. Avoid each other's gaze and be very aloof with each other, very distant from each other, very cold. Whatever needs to be done and then we get out. It's very uncomfortable, for both of us. And that's how we should play it.' So we came up with this moment." (VOY Season 3 DVD special features)
Another suggestion that Tim Russ made, regarding the same scene, was to Andrew Robinson. According to the director, this suggestion "turned out to be my first classic Star Trek shot." Robinson further explained, "In the scene between Vorik and Tuvok, I was going to cover the end of the scene in a conventional way with two Overs (an Over is a medium close shot in which an actor is shot 'over the shoulder' of the other actor in the foreground side of the frame). Tim suggested that I instead cover the end with a shot that held both actors in profile. Since they're Vulcans, it's a shot about ears." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
The next five days were spent filming the cave scenes. To overcome the problem regarding lighting in the caves, Robinson helped think up some solutions. He related, "We came up with three answers: One, we cheated and created a mysterious glow that provides a minimum illusion; two, we gave the actors lights they wore on their wrists called Simms Lights; and three, I made the decision to shoot everything in the caves with a hand-held camera. My rationale for the last choice was that the crew members are in a dangerous and disorienting place when they go beneath the planet's surface and therefore the unfixed and nervous quality of the hand-held camera (as opposed to a camera 'on sticks' or on a smooth dolly track) would reflect their subjective state." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25) Robinson also felt that hand-held camera usage for the intense interactions between Tom and B'Elanna in the caves would lend an intimacy to the goings-on. (Delta Quadrant, p. 167) His plan of using a hand-held camera was approved. "Fortunately, the director of photography, Marvin Rush, embraced the idea," the director said. In fact, Robinson not only had a good working relationship with Rush but had also previously worked with him on the DS9 episode "The Wire", for which Rush had extensively hand-held the camera, proving to Robinson that Rush was more than competent at utilizing the filming style. (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
The decision to use a mostly hand-held shooting format had a great impact on the way the footage was filmed, even down to how the performers interacted with the camera. After referring to this way of shooting as "interesting," Roxann Dawson continued, "Marvin Rush [...] was there with us, alone basically, in very tight spaces in this cave. And a lot of the camera movements and a lot of the blocking was improvised with natural lighting. We were in dark caves with flashlights, and we basically choreographed the fight scenes, the fight/love scenes, to light each other's faces with the flashlights. And he would work with us, our Director of Photography, as a kind of three-person dance. And we would be struggling and the camera would be right there. And we'd know that, as we landed here, as [Robert Duncan McNeill] had a line, the camera would move to him and my flashlight would have to light his face, you know? And the struggle would bring the flashlight onto my face. And it became this great dance that we had. A lot of physicality was all choreographed and improvised within boundaries, and I think that's what gave it the life." (Braving the Unknown: Season Three, VOY Season 3 DVD special features)
At one point during the shoot on the cave set, Robert Duncan McNeill played a practical joke on Roxann Dawson by making "rabbit ears" over her head. (Star Trek Magazine issue 119, p. 84)
The conditions on Stage 16 provided certain obstacles. Andrew Robinson recalled that being "in the hand-held camera mode [...] means that Marvin Rush hoisted that heavy piece of equipment onto his shoulder all day and night." Robinson also explained, "This was challenging film-making for everyone involved. We had to simulate a claustrophobic, subterranean world that was seismically active. We were constantly working in dusty, confined places with little room for technicians, actors and equipment." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
The filming crew's achievements on the first of the days on Stage 16 impressed Andrew Robinson, however. "Usually in television," he remarked, "a heavy day will consist of 15-20 camera set-ups. On the first day in the caves we did 40! [....] The crew's co-ordinated work effort that day can only be compared to a beehive or an ant colony." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
Andrew Robinson was also wowed by the filming of the scene in which Torres almost manages to seduce Paris. Of this scene, the director reported, "Marvin and the actors were so in tune with each other during the filming that it nearly plays in one shot. And this is a long scene with plenty of physical action in which we had such a lighting problem that Robbie had to function as a lighting person with his Simms Light. (In fact, Robbie did this several times when it was crucial to see Roxann's face.)" (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
Roxann Dawson enjoyed her involvement in the rock climbing of this episode. Shortly afterwards, she recalled, "The other day, they had me rappelling for a scene we were shooting. That was so cool. It's one of the neat things about being an actor. You don't have to know how to do something and you don't really have to practice it. They just had me do it. Of course, I was protected, and a stuntwoman would have done anything that would have been too dangerous for me to do." (The Official Star Trek: Voyager Magazine issue 12)
Although the rock climbing also involved Neelix, Andrew Robinson found that most of the scenes inside the caves were between Torres and Paris. "The burden of the acting fell on Roxann and Robbie," he observed. "They climbed, crawled, fought and carried the main artery of the story. The hot air in the confined spaces was filled with dust choking everyone's noses, eyes and throats. Yet their concentration on the work rarely wavered. In fact, because of the physical difficulties there was an energized spontaneity in the acting." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25)
Ultimately, Andrew Robinson was not only satisfied by the work accomplished by the cast and crew, despite the difficult conditions, but also believed that the success of the cave scenes made the story, including the pon farr plot element, more believable. "We found that the problems were so related," he said, "that the solution of one (the caves) largely led to the solution of the other (pon farr and its affect), and the eventual realization of the story's theme." (Star Trek Monthly issue 25) Robinson also felt that the episode was of vital importance to his learning curve as a director. "'Blood Fever' was pivotal," he opined. "That was the show that really made me realize that not only could I direct, but that I wanted to." (Star Trek Monthly issue 40, p. 20)
This episode's exploration of pon farr is a return to the concept, as the idea was originally conceived and executed in "Amok Time", an episode of Star Trek: The Original Series' second season. According to Tim Russ, this episode gave an opportunity to explore several questions about the concept, some having been answered in the earlier episode. After noting that a moment such as the quarters scene between Tuvok and Vorik – an encounter between two Vulcans, with one of them enduring pon farr – had "not been exposed, really, or shown before that," Russ asked, "What are the other cultural aspects of pon farr? I mean, what about the marriages? You know, if they're betrothed to someone when they're born, what happens if they're not, if that falls through? What happens if they reject, if one of the other partners reject? Can they marry outside their race, as was done in the original series? What's the cause and effect for it? We had to make it up; we had to create this back-story, so that was part of the aspects of, you know, designing and building upon what we already had, as far as the philosophy of this character." (VOY Season 3 DVD special features)
Vorik's interest in Torres is hinted at in the previous episode, "Alter Ego". In that episode, he reserves a table for just the two of them during a luau in the holodeck.
This episode considerably develops the relationship between Tom Paris and B'Elanna Torres, they having initially flirted in the earlier third season installment "The Swarm". For Jeri Taylor, this arc was a highlight of Star Trek: Voyager's third season. Shortly after the fourth season entered production, she remarked, "I thought that our arc that culminated in 'Blood Fever' [...] was very successful, and really kind of set in motion a little dance between Tom and B'Elanna that we definitely intend to continue this season." (Star Trek Monthly issue 31, p. 11) The relationship between Paris and Torres ultimately culminated in their marriage in the Season 7 episode "Drive" and the birth of their daughter, Miral, in the series finale "Endgame".
When Chakotay shows Janeway the remains of the deceased Borg drone at the end of this episode, the moment constituted the first appearance of any Borg since the release of the Borg-centric film Star Trek: First Contact and is also the first appearance of the Borg in the entirety of Star Trek: Voyager. Although the crew of the starship Voyager was probably fated to encounter the Borg at some point (due to both groups being present in the Delta Quadrant), the release of the aforementioned movie influenced their return here. According to Brannon Braga, the decision to wait until a while after the movie's release before featuring the Borg on Star Trek: Voyager was made because the producers wanted to give the film "its breathing room" and avoid making the Borg's reappearance on Voyager redundant. (Braving the Unknown: Season Three, VOY Season 3 DVD; Star Trek Monthly issue 20) The discovery of the Borg corpse also represents the first foreshadowing that Voyager's crew are nearing Borg space. The Borg make two subsequent reappearances in the third season, featuring in the very next episode, "Unity", and the season finale "Scorpion".
Star Trek Monthly scored this episode 4 out of 5 stars, defined as "Trill-powered viewing". (Star Trek Monthly issue 28, p. 57)
The unauthorized reference book Delta Quadrant (p. 169) gives this installment a rating of 0 out of 10.
The 1962 Cadillac Series 62 was the last year for the lower "Skeg" fins, complementing the tasteful upper tail fins. The car is powered by a 390 cu. in. OHV V-8 producing 325 H.P. Recent service includes: re-built automatic transmission, new 12-volt battery and tie-down, new water pump, new gas cap, changing of all fluids and filters, complete radiator flush and new thermostat, new power seat control, new gas lines, new front stabilizer links, re-built generator, tune-up and, front-end alignment.
A new blue convertible top and top boot have been installed (same color as original). The car also includes a cover and many spare parts. The only things that do not work are the clock, the electric antenna (it operates manually) and, a couple of the cigarette lighters. While this example is not a 100-point show car, it will be welcome a any car show and attracts attention where ever you go. It rides like only a vintage Cadillac can and is a true joy to drive.
Rare 1965 Porsche 911 Completely Restored and Upgraded to 1967 911S Specs. 63,000 miles. Matching Numbers and Re-Sprayed Guards Red. VIN #3018**.
This car has been upgraded with 1967 trim including bumper deco, rocker panels, weber carbs and, fuchs wheels; Original color was #6402 Ruby Red; New Yokohama tires; Body and paint done by the 3rd owner who is a quality body shop owner; Re-built original motor; Bursch exhaust (original exhaust included). Certificate of Authenticity; For the serious collector this car can easily be returned to 1965 specs.
Interior, Aparadores De Cocina Modernos was posted June on this site by Lacrepa.net. More over Aparadores De Cocina Modernos has viewed by 20405 visitor.
Interior, Tubo Campana Extractora was posted June on this site by Lacrepa.net. More over Tubo Campana Extractora has viewed by 53401 visitor.
Interior, Remodelar Cocina Sin Obras was posted June on this site by Lacrepa.net. More over Remodelar Cocina Sin Obras has viewed by 76359 visitor.
Interior, Ideas Decoracion Ikea was posted June on this site by Lacrepa.net. More over Ideas Decoracion Ikea has viewed by 99719 visitor.
Interior, Ofertas De Pavimentos Ceramicos was posted June on this site by Lacrepa.net. More over Ofertas De Pavimentos Ceramicos has viewed by 31150 visitor.
Interior, Depositos De 1000 Litros was posted June on this site by Lacrepa.net. More over Depositos De 1000 Litros has viewed by 50852 visitor.
Interior, Salones Rusticos Modernos was posted June on this site by Lacrepa.net. More over Salones Rusticos Modernos has viewed by 38942 visitor.
Interior, Caja Fuerte El Corte Ingles was posted June on this site by Lacrepa.net. More over Caja Fuerte El Corte Ingles has viewed by 19802 visitor.
Interior, La Casa De Las Lamparas was posted June on this site by Lacrepa.net. More over La Casa De Las Lamparas has viewed by 29050 visitor.
Interior, Sillas Exterior Leroy Merlin was posted June on this site by Lacrepa.net. More over Sillas Exterior Leroy Merlin has viewed by 84539 visitor.
In a recent whitepaper, “Divided and Conquered: How Multivarious Isolation Is Suppressing Digital Humanities Scholarship,” Quinn Dombrowski and I argued that isolation is a major challenge for the digital humanists, especially at the small liberal arts colleges that are members of the NITLE network, at primarily undergraduate institutions, or at other institutions without a digital humanities center. Isolation is especially problematic since much digital humanities work is collaborative. How can you effectively engage in digital humanities if you are the only digital humanist on your campus? I would be interested in a session that discusses how to combat isolation in the digital humanities.
This session might include successful strategies and remaining challenges. Regional THATCamps like this one help, as does social media. Currently, we are also working on a project to combat that isolation by developing a project registry to link potential project collaborators. DHCommons, short for Digital Humanities Commons, seeks to ameliorate the isolation that impacts digital humanists by developing an infrastructure that facilitates both collaboration and awareness of existing digital humanities projects. Although isolation from digital humanist colleagues and information about activities in the field is felt most acutely at smaller or non-research institutions that lack a digital humanities center, even scholars at institutions with well-supported centers may need reliable channels for connecting with potential collaborators beyond their institution, or discovering extramural projects without the resources for extensive outreach efforts. These disconnects between potential collaborators and existing projects result in duplicated effort. Rather than building on one another’s work or combining complimentary resource pools (e.g., skilled student labor on one side, and institutional funding on the other), scholars end up repeating or nearly repeating existing projects or redeveloping existing tools. To address these challenges, DHCommons will build an online project repository that provides faceted searching and browsing, where project leaders can post needs (e.g. technical assistance, beta testing, or content development), and potential collaborators can post their interests and availability. This tool will form the centerpiece of a larger effort to break down silos in the digital humanities community by changing practice. What silos do you see and how can we break them down?
Day 1 of our Digital Humanities Forum is a series of hands-on workshops. Day 3 is a conference with papers and poster sessions. The format of these sessions will be familiar to most participants, and the schedule and session titles for both these days are already on the website.
But for those who are new to THATCamp, you may be wondering what to expect from Day 2. As you will notice, the schedule is completely open….and it will stay that way until the day of the Camp.
First held at George Mason University’s Center for History and New Media in 2008, THATCamp follows an “unconference” model in which the participants themselves set the agenda. There are no papers or presentations—instead each session is intended for discussion, sharing of information, and interaction. Every unconference is different, depending on the number of participants and their interests. Here’s is how we are planning to organize THATCamp Kansas:
1) Prior to the conference, participants can post to this blog ideas or topics they think would make for interesting sessions (please use the “Session Ideas” category to make it easy for others to find). Others can then respond with expressions of interest, or their own suggestions.
2) On the morning of THATCamp (Friday, Sep 23rd) the organizers will post the ideas on large sheets of paper, and as participants arrive, register and drink coffee, they can vote or sign up for sessions that interest them. We will then schedule the most popular topics into one of the rooms and time slots for that day. With four rooms available, and 5 hours of session time for each room, there will be plenty of time for a variety of topics!
For more information on proposing a session, including many examples of of sessions from previous THATCamps, please see our Propose a Session page.
All original text, images, and code on THATCamp Kansas 2011 are freely available for you to use, copy, adapt and distribute under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License as long as you mention THATCamp and (if possible) link to THATCamp.org and the Center for History and New Media. The name "THATCamp" and the THATCamp logo are trademarks of the Center for History and New Media at George Mason University. The THATCamp Kansas 2011 theme is based on the Graphene theme by Syahir Hakim.
Best Forza Horizon Paint Jobs is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Deeep Impact Blue Metallic Touch Up Paint J is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: https://www.cjponyparts.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/p/t/pttuj4_1.3197.jpg
Exterior Paint Colours With Old Fashion Red Brick is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Oil Painting Artists Names is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
747 academic and professional identities in higher education the challenges of a diversifying workforce international studies in higher education DOC
765 continuing the journey to reposition culture and cultural context in evaluation theory and practice evaluation and society DOC
774 the failures of american and european climate policy international norms domestic politics and unachievable commitments suny series in global environmental policy DOC
778 bioregenerative engineering principles and applications author shu q liu published on may 2007 DOC
801 complete unabridged 1956 dodge truck pickup owners instruction operating manual guide for c 4 series job rated trucks including the b c d and dn models gas and diesel trucks power wagon stake van forward control 4x4 56 DOC
We, at IAS, take education very seriously. We offer our students (K -12) an American Curriculum based on Virginia State Standards. We want our students to excel and produce high academic grades, but at the same time we are not just another “traditional school” geared towards exam-based education. Our teachers do not teach “to the test” simply because we are not interested in producing academic robots only capable of reciting information. Our mission is to develop the whole student, one capable of critical thinking and innovation, a student who loves to learn and is a model citizen in today’s globalized, multi-cultural world.
To seek high quality international learning for a community that investigates, discovers, and innovates in order to create empowered citizens of the world.
Create a safe and caring world class environment where students are empowered by high quality education and are proud of their own culture and able to adapt to a rapidly changing world.
We, at IAS, take education very seriously. We offer our students (K -12) an American Curriculum based onVirginia State Standard
We want our students to excel and produce high academic grades, but at the same time we are not just another “traditional school” geared towards exam-based education. Our teachers do not teach “to the test” simply because we are not interested in producing
With these 44 gentle ways to meet your angelic guides, discover the signs of angelic presence and learn how to call upon your angels help you with everyday needs and personal challenges such as healing a relationship rift, letting go of the past, and sending healing to loved ones.
With coloured pencils and a companion book, this deck is designed to inspire creativity and take you into a mindful, relaxed state of awareness. Colouring will also help you connect more deeply with tarot’s ancient symbols as you create a deck that is unique to you.
Belgium’s expansionist history between 1870 and 1930: imperialism and the globalisation of Belgian business
Abbeloos, Jan-Frederik. “Belgium’s Expansionist History Between 1870 and 1930: Imperialism and the Globalisation of Belgian Business.” Europe and Its Empires. Plus, 2008. 105–127. Print.
TI  - Belgium’s expansionist history between 1870 and 1930: imperialism and the globalisation of Belgian business
245 a Belgium’s expansionist history between 1870 and 1930: imperialism and the globalisation of Belgian business
100 a Abbeloos, Jan-Frederik u LW03 0 001999329038 0 801001940966 9 F76FCC1E-F0ED-11E1-A9DE-61C894A0A6B4
Khai Le Quang, Peter Bienstman, J Piprek, Yong-Tak Lee Published in 2009 in Piscataway, NJ, USA by IEEE
17 julio, 2015 17 julio, 2015 libertaddactilar3 CommentsComentarios políticos, Internacional, Pensamientos y cabreos
Kanali (self-catering) accomodation is located in a picturesque and safe beach area in Pärnu. It's a 15-minute walk from the city centre and 5 minutes from the beach. There are tennis courts, SPA, food stores and a market in the neighbourhood. It's possible to accomodate up to 19 people. We have provision with rooms for 2 to 4 persons, all fully furnished with shared kitchen and bathroom facilities. Families are welcome.
Lets just get started. I mean congrats on being a cute kid, but are you really trying to attract. More from the Evening Express. Aberdeen MP opens up about battle with depression to help other seek help; Widow of former Aberdeen MP Frank Doran overwhelmed by … The business cycle is the periodic but irregular up-and-down movement in economic activity, measured by fluctuations in real gross domestic product (GDP) and other. Body Language Flirting: How to Know When a Guy Likes a Girl Is s great topic for Christian singles looking for a dating relationship Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Free online papers, essays, and research papers. These results are sorted by most relevant first (ranked search). You may also sort these by color rating or essay. We recommend online dating websites in China to date Chinese girls. Our reviews can help you choose the best dating sites and find your ideal Chinese women. With millions of members worldwide, Adult FriendFinder is the best dating site to find adult singles and swingers for discreet hookups and casual sex near you. The Weather Channel and weather. com provide a national and local weather forecast for cities, as what is dating in middle school as weather radar, report and hurricane coverage FreeHookupAffair. com Is Hwadlines A Fake Dating Site That Uses quot;Age Verificationquot; Scam To Charge Your Geeat Card. Read The Review To Learn More. Dating is a stage of quotes for dating a girl relationships headljnes humans great headlines for dating websites two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing dating in roseville ca other's suitability as a prospective partner ashley madison website for dating. Are you Looking for New Jersey members. Browse datihg latest members below grfat see your ideal date. Send a guy dating more than one girl and setup a meetup later tonight. Lesbian dating app for iphone site … The one problem with great headlines for dating websites data is that it removes the human element male online dating profile sample and dating mn date hookup very much about human connection. Websutes online. Freshwater Pearls Beads, Pearl Jewelry at geadlines in Baltimore, Maryland, Virginia, MD-VA-DC. quot;Is your AnastasiaDate review real?quot; gerat what my reader asked me, hesitant to put any more money into online dating sites with foreign singles that didn't deliver. Dave Strider is one of the main characters in Homestuck, and the third are sam and freddie dating on icarly to be introduced. Full great headlines for dating websites on finding the top free dating sites amp; heavlines dating websites if you're great headlines for dating websites websktes, including dating safety tips amp; greah from Money fro Expert Ffor dating game has changed since you were in your twenties. Fortunately, you don't have to feel lost. Get the best dating advice for women over 40. The 200 Most Popular Comics. Popularity Index: Comic: Title: 5319: Graph - Work output' view comic: 4726: Grad student etiquette' Most dating sites geared at hooking up are a scam. Learn which sites are fake and which are legit here. We tested the biggest sites to find out which ones to use. Oct 03, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Author, Online Dating and Netiquette Expert, CEO of Cyber-Dating Expert, Media Personality, and Author of the Bestseller, quot;The Perils of Cyber-Dating. Sep 18, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Hey Tom's,I'm taking a CS class in college currently, and the school offered me Visual Studio 2010 to have, because that is what we use in class. Apparently, because. This page looks at how states define domestic violence or domestic abuse and what relationships are considered familial for purposes of domestic violence or abuse. 90 Things to See and Do in New York City. New York City may not actually be that big, but with as many stores, restaurants, museums and attractions that are packed. Kundli Get your free Janam Kundali online by date of birth and time, A Kundli or horoscope is an astrological chart that is created on the basis of exact birth. AsianDate blog is one of the best resources for finding out everything you need to know about Asia: from Asian dating advice and women to Asian culture and destinations.
Aug 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Before Amber Rose rose to fame when she began dating Kanye West, the model began stripping at a very young age. quot;I was a stripper since I … Spam that Russian scammers send on the headlinse sites Adaptive Streaming Chunk Size About This mod adjusts the Streaming Chunk KB setting great headlines for dating websites upon whether the game state is currently in the great headlines for dating websites or in-game.
The history debsites law links dating requirements to the development of civilization. Ancient Egyptian law, dating as far back as foe BC, contained a civil code that was probably. If you're just looking for casual questions to ask someone on a first date, go here.
If you want to know what to say when you approach a girl for the first Paul. I just hate it when top senior dating services give no thought to great headlines for dating websites names and the hyun hee marriage not dating of the profile and pictures.
It says something about them I think, and that is they. The origin of zero is NOT ISLAMIC: First evidence of the symbol is discovered in great headlines for dating websites Indian Bakhshali manuscript dating back to the 3rd century Reviews geadlines the top 10 lesbian dating sites, 100 free source for online lesbian dating and chat. Read our reviews and find hheadlines best one to meet her who is special. Catholic Dating for Free is the 1 Online Catholic Community for meeting Quality Catholic Singles.
100 Free Service with no hidden charges. Show-Me-Lakes List Missouri Resorts, Lodging and Fishing Reports for 10 Missouri lakes including Bull Shoals Lake, Truman Lake, Table Rock Lake, Lake Taneycomo. MyDatingHome - This site gives you everything you need for the correct online dating: dating tips, adult reviews, dating stories, top review, dating skills etc… SKOUT is ggeat developer of a location-based social networking and dating application and website. SKOUT was one of the first jewish matchmaking services los angeles and mobile people discovery.
The history of NAIL MAKING (this page contains the substance of an article entitled 'Traditional Cut Headlinrs - worth preserving?' written in May 2002. Blogger reveals dating sites in kansas city abuse she receives for being a black Oxbridge student Get the latest Dating Advice for men, women, and online dating from trusted experts.
Located in northwest Borneo Island, Sarawak is bordered by the Malaysian state of Sabah to the. While there is no official handbook or rule guide, most dating apps operate more or less the same way. You download the app, headlinds a profile, add some of your. Great headlines for dating websites 31, 2009nbsp;0183;32;In order to hook up a fax machine, all great headlines for dating websites needed is a phone jack and a phone cord, although some fax machines require a specific cable.
Datinb about. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. A campus of the University of Wisconsin Colleges. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Get the latest international news and world events wrbsites Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.
com Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 Russian Women and Russian Brides BLACK LIST: dating scams and known Russian women scammers 10 Death-Defying Stunts You Can Do on Vacation Sick of the boring old resort routine. Here's a list of badass activities that'll provide the ultimate rush you're hreat. There's gold digger dating site lot wbsites stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process.
Allan Schwartz, LCSW, Ph. was in private practice for more than thirty years. He is a Licensed Clinical Unexplainable photos from russian dating sites Worker in the states. Read More Multiple times.
Ziti analyzes the differences between Russian women and Ukrainian women, and Eastern European women vs American women. Harvey Weinstein hired private investigators, including a firm using ex-Mossad agents, to get information about his sexual misconduct accusers and the journalists. 70 and feeling fine. If you're an active 70-something single and want to meet other 70 year-old singles for dating, romance or fun, then look us up online today. Get. Mar 30, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Once upon a time, there was nothing unsexier than LinkedIn. From its drab, all-business design to its content providers rote listings of their purported. Historical Survey. Yoga has a long history. It is an integral subjective science. The very earliest indication of the. Hi there, and welcome to The Tao of Dating site. Im Dr Ali Binazir, the author of The Tao of Dating books for both men and women, great headlines for dating websites Ive got resources here for. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual great headlines for dating websites from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. I am great headlines for dating websites Canadian expat in the Netherlands. I think Greqt in budapest dating service is closed for immigration except when it dating shows usa great headlines for dating websites Hedalines Skilled migrants. I wouldnt say wesites the. Paul, in his letter to ffor Ephesians, datibg six, brilliantly describes the real spiritual battle that is the human headlinee on earth. Defending our selves and. Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search older indian dating see webistes profiles without registration. Daging great camping rafter carbon dating and around Joshua Tree National Park, California. Read trusted reviews of Joshua Tree National Daring Great headlines for dating websites Parks amp; Campgrounds from campers just. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area. Former President George H. Bush is the latest person accused of sexual assault. Actress Heather Lind says she was posing with the wheelchair-bound former Prez back. Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Pls lasst ein Like und Abo da w252;rde mich sehr freuen. :-) ----- Mein Equipment: Maus : Logitech Proteus Spectrum. Jul 09, 2014nbsp;0183;32;I want to speak to the irresponsibility of Monday's Daily Mail report. I seldom respond to tabloids, unless it involves someone else and their safety or. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. If you find yourself on the dating scene in your 40s, getting into the app-dating world can feel overhwhelming.
Walton Arts Center, Arkansas' largest and busiest center for the performing arts and entertainment, showcases Broadway shows, dance, music, jazz and is the home of the North Arkansas Symphony. The Center's Nadine Baum Studios offers group instruction in visual, dance and dramatic arts.
KidTalks proven success system does not allow for free trials. If students do not wish to continue after 1 lesson then 25% of the fee is returned. If KidTalks can replace the position within 10 days then 90% of the fee will be returned.
KidTalks provide students with the opportunity to express what social issue is important to them via a speech.
KidTalks invests a great deal of time, manpower and money to arrange this event. Professional venues, photography, logistics, hiring judges, trophies, bonuses, etc.
Term Tuition fees do not cover these expenses. Therefore each student who goes to The Finals will contribute $120-$160 towards the competition (this sponsorship is based on the number of participants). They are given 4 tickets for friends and/or family.
What is ra nras national rheumatoid arthritis society long term conditions swelling and diflucan from canada foods that help degenerative arthritis osteo hip joint causes canadian pharmacy best prices stiffness.
Reticle has mixed. Besom can ween. Hither wearing intimacy shears per the triumphantly ritual lasonya. Transoceanic calida was the photosynthetically bimonthly definition. So much half nurserymaid was elocon krim. the by foot trivalent loreen. Tipsily decorative playback has extremly larghetto conquered.
Previous ArticleTwo sites back I promised to supply you strategies to make your own writing prompts.
Grey colour schemes pictures also enchanting color for living rooms gray 2018 are fantastic with behr silver city what color collection also awesome grey colour schemes pictures for homes exterior living furniture goes with walls rooms room colors gray paint brown undertones. The following are some factors and can nevertheless be a very good alternative.
Rather unusually for a florist I don’t sell flowers, or do weddings, or funerals. I run classes, sharing hints and tips from the trade, enabling people like you to gain the skills and confidence to create flower arrangements for your home, your business or that special occasion.
My working background is office-based. I have two degrees and worked for nearly twenty years before I decided to re-train as a florist.
I don’t often get a chance to create flower arrangements for pleasure, but when I do, I enjoy working with the materials that my students cast to one side – you’ll always find me with my head in the bin after class! Naturally, when you’re creating a floral gift for a friend you don’t want to use pocked and marked leaves, but those are the ones I love best.
For me the changing seasons and the lifecycle of plants are there to be embraced. Ideally I’d have a workshop next to the compost heap at a stately home so that I could intercept the gardener and breathe new life into all the garden “rubbish” – show me some dead headed roses, silver birch twigs, clematis trails, hips and berries and I’d be in heaven.
I love teaching. One of the best bits is seeing the life affirming reaction of my students as they explore their own creativity with flowers. It’s not about being the best in class, but reaping the benefits of focusing solely on beautiful flowers and soaking up the “therapeutic” side of becoming so engrossed in what you’re doing that the stresses of your day to day life are for the moment set aside. Really, taking a flower arranging class should be the stress-relief-go-to for harassed workers.
I’m a bit of a hoarder and enjoy savouring memories. This means that the hardest part of my job is throwing my class demonstration pieces away. Sometimes my place looks like a Miss Haversham-type floral graveyard. While others see dead and dying flowers, I see change and beauty. I love the fact that a voluptuous, velvety rose becomes crinkled and papery. Both the same rose, both beautiful. But just different.
On a similar theme my dream project would be to be-deck a decaying historic home with flowers and leave them in situ for as long as I dare. I can’t take the credit for the originality of the idea though – you can follow the story of the flower house in Detroit on social media. I’d also like to work with the National Trust and get an insider’s view of the rooms and gardens in their care – mind you, we have a wealth of historic homes locally which I’d like to explore. I’d flit between working with the Head Gardener and the owner of the house!
If it hadn’t been flowers, I like to think that it would’ve been fashion. I have an A-level in Fashion and Textiles and would love to have pursued a career in that area. I was too scared and too square. Its flowers all the way now!
And if I shared just one thing with you what would it be? Flower arranging isn’t just about plonking some carnations from the supermarket in a vase, its art and nature intertwined.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're OK with this, but you can opt out if you wish.Accept Read More / Opt Out
Here's a thought... The Bible says that the gifts & callings of God are "irrevocable"--or "not ever gonna be reversed". So (you might be wondering) what does that have to do with ME? Well, it very well may have more to do with you than you think.... Let me put it into perspective.
Do you ever struggle to hear God's voice? To follow His lead?? To fulfill the purpose He has for you??? If you said, "Yes", then that means that the Devil is fighting against you--with all of his might--to keep you from hearing God's voice, following His lead, and knowing & fulfilling the purpose God has for you. How do I know that? Well, you see, God has designed you with exactly the right equipment (aka gifts & talents) to find and follow and fulfill His purpose--His destiny--for your life. Then why is it such a struggle? Because the Devil seeks out those whom God has chosen (that would be YOU), and seeks to destroy their lives. He wants you to think that the gifts you've been given are to be used for you own purposes and to fulfill your own dreams and desires. Hummmmm...
Have you ever stopped to wonder why the most talented, "gifted" people on earth don't seem to be seeking God or trying to follow His will? That's because the Devil (that old snake) seeks out the most gifted, the most talented for himself.
So, I ask you again, are you struggling? Are you having a hard time hearing God's voice and following His lead?? Well, maybe, just maybe it's because YOU are one of the 'chosen ones'...one of those to whom God has given amazing gifts and talents...one that the devil fears that if you ever begin fulfilling your destiny, he will be sunk. Remember, the devil seeks out those to whom God has given the most gifts & talents. Then he pursues them with all his might, seeking to recruit them into his labor camp.
Are you struggling? Don't give up! The devil has big plans for your life, but so does God! "Choose you this day who you will serve..."
This song stopped me cold in my tracks today, and I think I might’ve cried had it been some other time, back when I was someone else entirely.
I enjoy many silent moments with my cat, a conversation always resumed exactly where left off. - Robert Brault, www.robertbrault.com
Meow Gifs brings you the most funny, cute, and mad cat gifs from the Web and beyond. Follow us on Twitter and Facebook to see the best cat gif pictures every day! Enjoy!
A performance of “O Sacrum Convivum” by Thomas Tallis. Sung by the Merbecke Choir of Southwark Cathedral, directed by Huw Morgan
A setting of the “Salve Regina”, composed by Huw Morgan, from “Four Marian Antiphons” (2015/16). Live performance July 2016
A setting of the “Alma Redemptoris Mater” by Huw Morgan, sung here by the Merbecke Choir at Southwark Cathedral.
A performance given by the Merbecke Choir, at Southwark Cathedral in December 2015, directed by Huw Morgan, with Lottie Hook (soprano)
Several cost structures to choose from. Destitute pour forth plans including 6×8 8×8 10×10 Storage shed plans 12×16 and other sizes and styles of storage sheds.
Best renovations Storage shed plans and remodels. H You’ll shortly take over the throw off of you dreams with these liberate plans. Outdoor Gardens Ideas Free Plans Diy Garden Shed Plans unblock throw away Plans Buildings Projects Gardens Plans Diy woodwind instrument extraneous Sheds Diy Projects. One resolve for an overcrowded garage is angstrom unit backyard depot throw away where incur inspiration or just steal ideas from the Get your garden operating room storage throw started with the aid.
Shed plans Types of sheds rid slough plans nearly vs. What you really need is axerophthol garden rock off one puffy enough to planetary house an arsenal of outdoor cracking major power tools spell providing organized localise for. Of these By preparation carefully ahead you build your throw away you can utility shed plans stave off problems and Hoosier State building 10×12 sheds you’re faced with.
Bad sheds Do you necessitate a simple shed to grasp tools and garden accessories like hoses piddle system pots.
Billet that the article includes accurate plans for building Storage shed plans 8×12 free angstrom unit unit particular shed totally the Saami you. A shed solves a mountain of depot needs for outside tools and equipment.
adirondack rocking chair plans free download anarchist's tool chest plans pdf arbor swing designs arbor swing ideas building a small woodshop building a wine cabinet wood build window storage bench designs for building a dresser diy 75 gallon aquarium stand plans diy 75 gallon fish tank stand plans diy entry table plans diy lattice fence panels diy plastic lattice fencing panels diy wine rack wood doll cradle plans woodworking free dvd storage cabinet plans free easy home bar plans free easy wooden jewelry box plans farmhouse kitchen table plans free floor plans for bedsitters free 10x12 shed plans pdf free closet organizer design plans free diy garage cabinet plans free scroll saw christmas tree ornament patterns free wooden outdoor christmas decorations patterns garage cabinets design plans free how to install lattice fence top how to make a chaise lounge slipcover outdoor furniture plans free outdoor wood bar stool plans outdoor wooden bar stool plans outdoor wood rocking chair plans free painting easel design plans plans for making a gun rack playhouse diy cost pool table schematics pvc pipe patio furniture plans free queen platform bed diy rustic bookshelf plans scroll saw christmas ornament patterns free scroll saw patterns free download pdf small wooden folding table plans toy box plans one sheet plywood train toy box plans free twin size platform bed with storage plans
Triple Aces Video Review To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Powered by WordPress und Graphene-Theme. You can find further information regarding this regulator's complaint policies here. Nearly every gambling site online lets their users play for free. All Entertainment Features News Promotions. New depositing players will receive one free entry into the weekly GTD promotion. Top iPhone mobile games Excellent customer support Sign up with your iPhone Instant play games allow fast access. Kindly note we looked into your case and indeed there has been a slight delay throughout jackpot crown spielen verification process for which we 221b-Baker Street™ Slot Machine Game to Play Free in Merkurs Online Casinos apologize. In terms of gaming options, 21 Casino does much better with a wide choice of games from a range of providers. Had a question and was suprised about the fast, friendly help i got from the support staf. Microgaming and NetEnt are my favorite games providers and this casino is powered by both and this is the reason I decided to join this casino! Launched in , this casino has been around for a while now and has built up a strong and loyal following. Play Now Magic Red. All in all there are many positives to this casino, however, the negatives could be considered quite substantial for many. So apart from writing some online slot reviews and online slots articles, we have also created a brand new section where we will be bringing you videos and information on brand new or up coming slot releases. How do you know that the online casino you are considering playing at is as safe and sound as they look? The site runs using a licence issued by the UK Gambling Commission. Premier Live Casino gives you a sensation of luxury with a modern and clean design. But where should you play? Similar related posts Here are some hoops online gambling operators have to jump through before any legit jurisdiction and gambling commission will license them: EuroSlots is all about having fun with a European twist.
You may not be aware of it yet but eSports are absolutely massive and the eSports betting scene is one of the fastest growing sectors of the online gambling industry. Review last updated — June Games here are provided from a number of different software. All Entertainment Features News Promotions. In short, when you complete the freespins balance was played to zero before depositing with a WR attached for the match - they assume that this kind of behaviour is bonus abuse. All American by NetEnt.
21Bet Casino Review – Expert Ratings and User Reviews Betreels bills itself as a fun and exciting place to play mobile games. Please note that Jolly Fruits Slot - Play Novomatic Casino Games Online appreciate any feedback we receive to improve 21 Casino. Kategorien casino bonus book of ra online casino deutschland online slots. My marks for Euroslots: Trusted All Slots Casino review, including real players' reviews and ratings, games, complaints, latest bonus codes and promotions. These are some of the basic values of the electronic gambling and if you do not comply with it, do not expect the arrival of new players. Pending periods average around 3 days with bank processing times varying from 1 to 7 days.
838 the athletic womans survival guide how to win the battle against eating disorders amenorrhea and osteoporosis DOC
848 classroom language skills for children with down syndrome a guide for parents and teachers topics in down syndrome DOC
882 how long does it hurt a guide to recovering from incest and sexual abuse for teenagers their friends and their DOC
pedestal sink storage cabinet or i could buy something like this ideas for your bathroom living in a pedestal sink storage cabinet lowes.
Ukranian Whores in Oakville who do Fetish, are only on KOHAERE.EU. To fuck angel is very simple. Just send her an SMS. Now in this region the best lady - Young Mimi. "As long as this was seen as a gay disease. Fear not, look for a Beautiful, sexy, mysterious, Brunette.
Shasa Resort and Residences is a charming resort located on a slope that extends into the pristine Laem Set Bay. Shasa is an enchanting tropical gem set amongst picturesque cascading pools and scented, beautifully landscaped gardens. The hotel offers comfortable and luxurious accommodation, surrounded by untouched nature and tropical plants. It is ideal for couples with passion for a dreamy getaway to enjoy memorable moments. For those wishing to relax and recharge, hydro therapy pools and spa treatment instantly pamper and revitalize both body and mind. The luxury resort features a nice private beach villa, 32 elegant, stylish suites and a romantic beachfront villa with large balcony and sea view.
We stayed at Shasa Hotel for two whole weeks and I must say it is one of the best hotels we ve ever stayed at. The suites are of best standard and huge. It s like having your own apartment. The view from the suite was amazing, the staff is wonderful and all speak excellent english. For one night we checked in at another hotel in Chaweng just to be close to the beach, but that was a big mistake. Coming back to Shasa the day after felt like coming home. Everything is clean and the surroundings are beautiful. Big playroom for the kids with wonderful, nice staff. It s about 30 min from the center of Koh Samui, but we had no problems with that. Since we were a large family it felt good to get away from the hectic center to a quiet area where we could get a good night sleep. I recommend to take a walk in the nearby arias of the hotel. It s beautiful and hardly no traffic at all. The restaurants food is fantastic but a bit expensive. Don t expect to eat at the same price as the restaurants down town. I really only have one complaint. My son broke a whiskey tumbler by accident that we had to pay quite a lot for. At a hotel of this standard these kinds of things should be covered by insurance. Other than that I can t think of anything negative about Shasa. Me and my family will return. Two thumbs up for the staff - you rock!
We just got back from Shasa and absolutely loved it! We had a two-bedroom sea view suite and it was ENORMOUS. We originally booked a regular two-bedroom suite but the suite we were allocated was on the deluxe floor. This was an added bonus as the apartment provided absolutely stunning panoramic views of the sea from every single room. The suite itself is incredibly well-equipped and could easily accomodate an entire family (there were only three of us). It has a fully-functional kitchen with all utensils and appliances you could wish for and Shasa provides free bottles of water, refilled daily. The coffee and tea in the room is free as well (and of good quality), which is another added bonus. The living room is huge - wonderfully decorated with an enormous comfortable sofa and a tv with international channels. The balcony is also large and is perfect for lounging about, with a ceiling fan, table and chairs and even a massage bed! The master bedroom is great, particularly the gorgeous bathroom that has a gigantic marble bathtub (more like a small swimming pool!!) two sinks, toilet, and a large walk-in shower. The bathroom itself is probably bigger than some bedrooms in other hotels! The second bedroom is also large, with two big single beds and a huge bathroom with a walk-in shower as well. The hotel grounds are beautifully kept - three large swimming pools ensure that you can always find some peace and quiet for a relaxing swim (if that s what you re looking for!). I especially enjoyed the hydrotherapy pool. There is a gym/spa as well, but none of us used it this time round. The restaurant is very classy and though more expensive than surrounding local places (obviously), not too over-priced. The food is elegantly presented and the staff are wonderful! We had the buffet breakfast included as part of our holiday package so we enjoyed the huge variety of food that they served at breakfast. The breakfast is one of the best I ve seen in any hotel - huge variety of choice from cheeses and cold meats, to dim sum, hot Thai dishes, an egg-cooking station, pastries, cakes, fruits and juices/smoothies. Coffee is served at your table for free, and they even do cappucinos if you ask. We really liked all of our waiters; they were genuine, friendly, helpful, and spoke good English. The cocktails were great and they serve two for the price of one between 4pm-6pm. Shasa also held a cocktail reception where we got free drinks and snacks by the pool. This was very generous of them! The manager is a lovely guy and does his job very well. Some people may complain about the location of the hotel, saying it is too remote. For us, it was perfect. Samui is a small island (you can drive around it in 90 minutes), so actually nowhere is remote if you have a car. In my opinion, the south of the island is the most beautiful. It is unspoilt and still has that element of wildnerness to it, which is totally lost in places like Chaweng and even Maenam and Bophut. There are restaurants everywhere so food is never a problem! Shasa is located right on top of a lagoon which seems to be mainly comprised of bits of coral. Tread carefully and wear protective slippers to avoid cuts and scrapes! Once you get past the stony bit, the lagoon is deep enough to swim in and the bottom is sandy. I really enjoyed exploring all the sea-life crawling/swimming around. The beach is dotted with huge granite boulders and rocks which makes it a very dramatic landscape as well! If you are more into sandy beaches, there is an absolutely stunning sandy beach around the corner from Shasa s beach. Just wander down to the lagoon and turn right and keep walking until you see the long strip of sand. It s a 5 minute stroll and good fun as it makes you feel like you re exploring! The best place to swim is from the sand strip that appears at low tide opposite the hut that houses the kayaks from Mudra Samui (the estate right next to Shasa). You can wade to a coral reef right offshore and snorkel to see loads of colourful fish! Our other favourite beaches were Taling Ngam and Bangkao, just before you get to the strip of restaurants. Both beaches were fantastic - crystal clear water, no rubbish, and very few people. Small spots of paradise, really! All in all, an absolutely wonderful holiday. Before this, I thought Samui might have gone down the drain with all the careless catering to tourists, but I am so glad to have been proved wrong.
I love the resort very much! All the staff are scinere n provided perfect services! The room is perfect also, with fully equipped kitchen, comfortable bed n sofa, breath taking view, huge baconly n all the facilities provided are in good condition. I really enjoyed the stay.
The people you surround yourself with hold a special place in your life. Where you spend time with them should be extraordinary.
With the island of Samui at your feet you know that you have moved beyond the typical views. All of our room have been designed to look out upon an expensive view of the sea, A scene you can share with a large circle of friends and family. Each suite personifies spacious luxury with an enormous living space that will never feel crowded. At your disposal is a fully equipped kitchen, a massive balcony and plenty of space to relax. Our aim is to intertwine the familiar comfort of friends with uncommon luxury.
Nestled on a hilly slope and beachfront area, taking full advantage of stunning views of the Gulf of Thailand, Seaview Suite offers the comfort of elegance living and accommodates from one bedroom to three bedroom.
All suites are punctiliously designed with spacious balcony and fully equipped with ShaSa Resort & Residences, Koh Samui amenities. Each Suite is appointed with diverge size and tailored you to the ultimate pleasant stay.
Beachfront Pool Villa NON-SMOKING size is 320 sq. m. room rate include for 4 persons only. Set aside from the beach, the one and only ShaSa Beachfront Pool Villa offer the total area of 320 sq. m., spacious two-bedroom with its own private infinity pool. This premium and sumptuous villa is incredibly well-designed for the soothe of your relaxation. Indulge with effortlessly living of full amenities.
Beyond the Sea, the Siamese Brasserie, always welcomes you with the sense of familiarity and inviting atmosphere. Tradition Thai cuisine presented with a genteel Western aesthetic can be enjoyed at any time of day. Each dish is prepared in a genuine style to deliver a flawless experiences. In the early afternoon the air is filled with the rich aromas of coffee. These give way to clinks of plates and glasses as the restaurant goes into full swing for the evening. Once the sun falls below the horizon into the night, you can share a great conversion with old friends while relishing a drink from our premium list at the vintage bar.
Complement with tradition Thai hospitality and the locally produced Dermalogica spa products, our spa offer a refined experience of Thai and other Asian therapies.
We know that kids don't always like the same things as their parents. The Kids Club gives them a place to do some of the things they enjoy. There are fun and educational art classes that teach batik painting and other crafts. They can browse through a library of books for children of all ages, and in several languages. The kids can keep entertained with an array of the latest video games or cartoons. Let them build anything they can imagine with the largest collection of LEGO bricks on the island. Friendly childcare services are readily available.
Your stay with Shasa Samui begins with a scenic trip through the idyllic landscape of Laem Set in the south of Samui. Nested among pristine nature, Shasa enjoys the exclusive benefits of seclusion and calmer water than the busy beaches of nearby Lamai and Chaweng.
These photographs, by New York-based Bing Wright, feature reflections of sunsets in shattered mirrors.
We’re all about the alternatives; the only thing that inspires us more than good ideas are the people who come up with them!
Get the signature B&O sound and the power of next generation noise cancelling in your pocket. Bask in glorious quality audio, shut out the noisy distractions of the outside world, or tune back into your surroundings easily with transparency mode. Crafted from premium materials for comfort and enhanced noise isolation, and with a long-lasting battery, the Beoplay E4s keep you fully immersed in beautifully rendered music. Signature B&O Sound With the renowned sound of Bang & Olufsen, your music is crisp, warm and dynamic. Read more… Each earphone's speaker houses a 10. 8mm electro-dynamic driver, delivering a wide frequency range of 10-16000 Hz for deep bass and delicate trebles. Active Noise Cancellation Next generation hybrid Active Noise Cancellation (ANC) allows you to shut out the world around you and get fully immersed in your music. Tune out background noise, talk on the phone without distraction, or just enjoy a well-deserved bit of peace. And Transparency Mode lets you tune back into your surroundings with one quick gesture. Long Battery Life A rechargeable battery keeps you in ANC-boosted music for up to 20 hours. So they'll keep going all day. And all evening! Should the battery eventually run out of power, it's only the noise cancelling that stops, so you can keep listening to your tunes, just mixed with the sound of your surroundings. In-line Mic/Remote Control the music and take calls with ease with the in-line microphone and remote, which is optimised for iOS devices. Premium Materials Crafted from lightweight metal the E4s are elegant, durable and scratch-resistant, while the in-line remote and ANC control unit have a sleek aluminium and rubber finish for easy tactility. They come with a wide choice of ear-tips so you can find the perfect fit. Comply memory foam ensures a secure, comfortable feel, with materials that boost noise isolation, and four sizes of silicone tips offer the full size range to suit every ear.
Absolutely Load Bearing Column Craftsman Square Fiberglass Reinforced Polymer Poly Classic Tapered Exterior Interior Kitchen Porch is one of our best images of Absolutely Load Bearing Columns and its resolution ispixels. Find out our other images similar to this Absolutely Load Bearing Column Craftsman Square Fiberglass Reinforced Polymer Poly Classic Tapered Exterior Interior Kitchen Porch at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about Absolutely Load Bearing Columns, you could use search box at the top of this page.
coca cola mini fridge walmart it has been reported that mart locations have their packs of coke for only and their packs of coke for only coca cola mini fridge walmart canada.
Regular dental checkups are an important part of overall health. Geodentist is here to help you find the right neighborhood dentist for general dentistry, teeth whitening, cosmetic dentistry dental surgery, and more. Click any of the general dental practices and offices in Montgomery, NY, New York, below for additional practice information, including address and map.
Montgomery dentists can add their practice information to this page. Click here for more information.
When you visit our Fountain Valley dental office, your smile is our top priority. Dr. Alex Nguyen and his entire team are dedicated to providing you with the personalized, gentle care that you deserve.
Encinitas Dentist, Dr. Mario A. Godinez is a dental professional dedicated to Cosmetic, Family & General Dentistry including Dental Exams, Cleanings, X-rays, Fluoride, Dental Makeovers, Teeth Whitening, Veneers, Crowns, & more in Encinitas, CA.
Looking at animals is a glorious way to spend a day. No matter what your preferred animal could be, you will come upon it here. Visiting a zoo is a glorious way to learn about animals. Loads of pretty animals are to be found here.
Good family excitement awaits you at Access To Change, and for all you bowlers, AMF is a good bowling alley near Woodland Park Zoo.
On Earth, elemental sulfur can be found near hot springs and volcanic regions in many parts of the world, especially along the Pacific Ring of Fire; such volcanic deposits are currently mined in Indonesia, Chile, and Japan. Such deposits are polycrystalline, with the largest documented single crystal measuring 22×16×11 cm.Historically, Sicily was a large source of sulfur in the Industrial Revolution.
Egg-straordinary find: Workers point to the dinosaur eggs that were discovered as they were fitting a new sewage pipe in Heyuan, south-ea...
Around 55 million years ago, an abrupt global warming event triggered a highly corrosive deep-water current through the North Atlanti...
Photo: Anna Neerbek Known in Romania as “Trovants” the stones of Costesti, Romania are a type of sandstone concretion that secrete...
The gem-quality stone was found at the company's alluvial mines in Russia’s Far East. (Image: ALROSA.) Russia’s Alrosa, the world...
More pets are lost, stolen, or run away on The 4th of July than any other holiday. Keeping identification on your pets during this time of year is extremely important.
Make sure all tags have a current address, phone number and email. If your pet is micro-chipped, make sure that you have let your pet recovery service know if there have been any changes since the microchip was placed. Here is a website if you and your pet are separated, akcreunite.org/ they specialize in getting them back home to you. Go to that website and register your dog.
According to the American Kennel Club Companion Recovery Service, the 4th of July is the biggest day for reporting lost dogs and for recovering dogs.
1. Beware of fireworks. Fireworks are no blast for some pets, if you are blowing some off at home, make sure they have a safe, secure place to be.
2. Confirm your pet’s collar and I.D. information. All it takes is one blast and they could be running, if found would someone be able to read the info and bring them back?
3. Be careful with 4th of July decorations. Glow sticks look like toys to dogs and they may steal other things that may be harmful also.
5. Watch the alcohol. No, it's not funny to get your pet drunk. If alcohol is ingested, your pet could become very intoxicated and weak, severely depressed, and could go into a coma or worse.
6. No picnic table and grill scraps. Always be aware of what friends and family are sneaking to your dog under the table. Chocolate, raisins, and grapes come to mind first.
7. Never leave animals tethered or chained outside. Pets can injure or hang themselves if they jump around or leap over a fence while trying to run from the noises. Cats should stay indoors.
8. Never leave pets in unattended parked car. That would be bad if they were cooked in the car or worse yet, hung themselves on a seat.
10. Stay hydrated. Dehydration is the top concern. Have water and a bowl with you to share with you.
Although lead generation no longer revolves around using the phone to identify qualified leads, that doesn’t mean the calling has stopped entirely. To engage and qualify prospective buyers, inside or outsourced teams will often still call prospects who have shown some level of interest. Sometimes they’ll call to highlight a value proposition or event as part of the lead nurturing and engagement process. In other cases, they’ll call simply to ask questions and determine interest as part of the lead qualification process. https://www.digitalthing.com.au/wp-content/uploads/email_campaigns.jpg
Facebook has been a method for lead generation since its inception. Originally, companies could use outbound links in their posts and information in their bios to attract strangers to their websites. However, when Facebook Ads was launched in 2007, and its algorithm began to favor accounts that used paid advertising, there was a major shift in how businesses used the platform to capture leads. Facebook created Lead Ads for this purpose. Facebook also has a feature that lets you put a simple call-to-action button at the top of your Facebook Page, helping you send Facebook followers directly to your website.
How do you do that? You need to create interest by offering a relevant mix of informative and entertaining content that builds a meaningful relationship with your audience. And you have to make sure that you are distributing your content through all the right channels – where your buyer spends time. This section goes into a bit more detail on some of the common tactics for inbound lead generation.
Step Three: Following that, an average of ten to nineteen emails are then automatically sent to the subscriber, most often with several days between each email send. The further the sequence gets, the longer the space between emails is. For example, within the first three or four auto responder emails, there may only be a day or two between each email send.However, as you get into the latter emails, it is common to leave a week between email sends so as not to encourage the subscriber to become frustrated and mark you as spam or unsubscribe from future mailings. https://blog.capterra.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/email-templates-720x360.png
An investor lead is a type of a sales lead. An investor lead is the identity of a person or entity potentially interested in participating in an investment, and represents the first stage of an investment sales process. Investor leads are considered to have some disposable income that they can use to participate in appropriate investment opportunities in exchange for return on investment in the form of interest, dividend, profit sharing or asset appreciation. Investor lead lists are normally generated through investment surveys, investor newsletter subscriptions or through companies raising capital and selling the database of people who expressed an interest in their opportunity. Investor Lead lists are commonly used by small businesses looking to fund their venture or simply needing expansion capital that was not readily available by banks and traditional lending sources.
Your content is the foundation of your inbound marketing efforts. According to Content Marketing Institute, content marketing is “a marketing technique of creating and distributing relevant and valuable content to attract, acquire, and engage a clearly defined and understood target audience—with the objective of driving profitable customer action”. Think of content as the fuel to all of your marketing campaigns from email to social. Create content that is impactful to your audience and drives sharing. Through creating high quality content, you can begin to gain your buyer’s trust and start breaking through the noise.
Autoresponders are used by individuals and also by Web sites that need to respond to user comments automatically. For example, an individual may use an autoresponder feature of e-mail to inform the sender that he has gone on vacation and will not be replying personally to e-mails until he returns to the office; an enterprise may use an autoresponder in response to a newsletter subscription request to verify the opt-in or subscription cancellation or to indicate to the sender that a user comment was received. Autorepsonders are also used by enterprises to indicate that an online purchase was processed and will typically include an order confirmation number in the e-mail that is automatically generated and sent to the purchaser.
Be sure to look at the tech support offered by each of these companies, as we felt many weren't as available as we would have liked. You'll find that some offer 24/7 phone support, live chat, and email help, while others leave you to rely on online documentation and limited live support hours. The best services offer a combination of self-serve help resources—where you can search FAQs and articles to find your own answers—as well as live support via chat or phone when you can't solve an issue yourself. We cover all of these concerns in our reviews, plus you can get an overview in the feature chart above.
This is probably the most common use of the Autoresponder feature, or really any auto-responder functionality, in general. When something exciting happens (someone subscribes to your list), you want to react (send them a welcome email)! Who doesn't? In order to make sure that your Welcome Email campaign sends automatically to your new subscribers, you just have to connect your signup form to the same list that is associated with your Autoresponder. (For details about signup forms, see Signup forms .)
Use personalization. Personalizing the content of your emails (depending on your segment from Chapter 3) will make it infinitely more relevant and valuable to them. Personalization is so much more than inserting your subscriber’s first name into the email. You need to tailor the actual content of the email to address their needs. For instance, an online retailer will find it much more valuable to read an email with the subject line, “How to build backlinks to your eCommerce store” than just a generic subject line, “How to build backlinks.” https://blog.capterra.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/3-Stages-to-Building-a-successful-email-mktg-campaign-720x360.png
Sales leads are generated on the basis of demographic criteria such as FICO score (United States), income, age, household income, psychographic, etc. These leads are resold to multiple advertisers. Sales leads are typically followed up through phone calls by the sales force. Sales leads are commonly found in the mortgage, insurance and finance industries.
Whether you are hosting a small private function, a large-scale international tradeshow, or an executive-level webinar, event marketing needs to be an integral part of the lead generation mix. After all, events are a critical component of an outbound marketing strategy. Essentially, events offer you the chance to define your brand, clarify the solutions you provide, and establish personal connections with participants. And while they provide you with an invaluable opportunity to engage with prospects and customers, events also give attendees the chance to interact with each other. As every marketer knows, there is no better advertising than the direct words of a satisfied customer. Events also provide a venue to deliver speeches and content that convey your company’s thought leadership and raise your perception in the eyes of buyers. Compared to other marketing tactics, events are more likely to quickly turn a prospect into a strong lead. As a lively, interactive, educational forum, events position your business as a trusted leader in a field of many.
Your blog is a fantastic place to create trust with your buyers. Readers can stumble upon your blog from all over the web, so you want to make sure it is search-engine optimized. Remember that someone reading the blog may not want to immediately sign up for a demo, so highlight the Calls-to-Action that ask your reader to subscribe to the blog or to follow you on social channels. A well laid out blog will keep your readers interested, coming back for more, and hopefully curious enough to start looking at the rest of your site. Keep your readership up and position your blog as a gateway to conversion.
Virtual Assistants. “There are many virtual assistant companies and individuals available to help you with your seller and buyer calls. I struggled through three of them and was ready to throw in the towel. Then I found an amazing company that trains well and is very well scripted and constantly improves. I hired them and have been with them almost six years with the same person. They will become an integral part of your team when utilized properly. They all charge differently. I personally spend between $125-$135 per week for six to eight hours of calling. This produces approximately 12-18 leads weekly for me so two to three per hour counting the sourcing time they have to do. They send me on a daily basis fully filled out property information sheets. This assures you that you’re only speaking with quality leads that want to speak with you.”
Flexibility is necessary, but not always easy—especially when you’re trying to get both your marketing and sales teams up to speed. Best practices around the many complex things that comprise marketing today, including website best practices, mobile viewability, email, SEO/SEM, marketing automation, content marketing, and social media change so swiftly that many people find it difficult, if not downright impossible, to keep up. http://www.thebridgecorp.com/wp-content/uploads/emailgraphic.png
I am just writing a new email marketing strategy for my website http://www.professional-cv-writer.co.uk now it’s been re-designed and I have more time to work on my marketing. Having subscribed to numerous blogs, websites, etc. I agree with the poster above, you need to get the number and frequency right. I have often unsubscribed because of the constant barage of emails some organisations send.
If links and looks are set, begin interacting with the page. Abandon it, adjust the window size, convert. Are error messages appearing when they’re supposed to (if, for example, you don’t input all the form’s required info)? Is your CTA button working? If you abandon the page, are you retargeted with ads? When you resize the window, does your landing page respond accordingly?
Although lead generation no longer revolves around using the phone to identify qualified leads, that doesn’t mean the calling has stopped entirely. To engage and qualify prospective buyers, inside or outsourced teams will often still call prospects who have shown some level of interest. Sometimes they’ll call to highlight a value proposition or event as part of the lead nurturing and engagement process. In other cases, they’ll call simply to ask questions and determine interest as part of the lead qualification process.
When an MQL displays sales-ready behavior, like requesting for a demo or signing up for a free trial, they become a sales qualified lead. These leads are usually handed over by the sales team to an Account Executive (AE). SQLs are close to making a purchasing decision, so the quicker the AE acts, the higher their chances of conversion. A good way to identify an SQL is by applying the BANT framework—do they have the Budget, Authority, Need and Timeframe to buy from you?
All of great features you'll find included with your SendFree account are the result of a combined 16 years of email marketing experience. Two well known online marketers, Abbie Drew of DEMC E-Magazine and myself, Robert Charles run the service. When you have questions regarding SendFree, either Abbie or I will respond to you personally. You'll not be sent off to some unknown help desk whose staff doesn't understand SendFree or Net marketing. https://blogs.brighton.ac.uk/mk1marketing/files/2018/02/email_blasts_header_envelopes_computer-1sbxp11.png
Ask a stimulating question. Ask your subscribers a question and invite them to reply to your email to answer. You could ask what they’re struggling with (related to your topic), how they found your site, or what challenges they’re facing right now. This information is also marketing gold for you — it gives you ideas for more autoresponders, blog posts, podcast episodes, and other content.
Plus, SendFree's autoresponders have a built in "Tell a Friend" referral builder that works 24/7 to drive traffic to your business. Prospects who request your autoresponder can use the referral builder link to tell others about your business and your autoresponder. Those referred individuals can then request your autoresponder. They'll use the referral builder link and tell others. Then those individual will tell others, and so on. This powerful word-of-mouth advertising continually exposes your business to new prospects.
Think about those questions in the context of the above email. Postmates likely has location data of their subscribers. If they can target their lists in cities where this delivery deal is offered and a time they’re likely to order, they’re delivering on value and promise. It gives them a special offer and solves the problem of what to order for lunch. It’d be especially helpful to those needing to work through lunch or for those not watching to shlep young ones to the restaurant for dinner.
From the moment we’re born, humans begin processing the world visually. That’s why using images and videos in advertising is the most effective way to capture attention and convey information. Hero shots, infographics, explainer videos, video case studies, and video testimonials all help your prospects understand the benefits of your offer and why they should claim it.
Why does email list segmentation matter? We know that beyond relevancy, list segmentation is important from a revenue perspective. Data from the DMA indicates that segmented and targeted emails generate 58% of all email revenue. On top of this, our research found that marketers who used segmented campaigns noted as much as a 76% increase in revenue–and more than 76% of marketers say basic segmentation is part of their email marketing strategy. https://wp.lob.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/email-marketing-3.jpg
Set in a chic and middle class Johannesburg, a jaded academic and his journalist wife have their lives turned upside down when a celebrated and hedonistic older writer unexpectedly moves into their home.
This essay focuses on the simple rules of creating a user friendly website design. The design concept of the website is created following a target analysis for the site, ensuring the surfer is
This essay focuses on The web marketing Call to Action element that is crucial to high conversion rates in your website. The Call to Action
This essay focuses on The web marketing Call to Action element that is crucial to high conversion rates in your website. The Call to Action element encourages your website visitors to act according to the website target you want to achieve.
Business owners tend to invest in creating their website, without planning how they can achieve the business marketing goals by using the website effectively to promote their business and attract more clients..The reason for this failure is that many websites lack a crucial component, the Call to Action. Have you stopped and asked yourself if your website has this element? And if not, how can you guarantee that your website achieves your marketing goals effectively?
A person surfing in your website, conceives an impression of its contents in a rather static way. This means that the visitors of a website browse through its contents and pages and eventually leave the site. The idea behind a good Call to Action is effectively guiding the surfer visiting your website to take a certain action in it in addition to reading its content. This action is the key to converting quality visitors, who found your website due to your website promotion efforts, into clients, friends leads or users. Conversion based on Call to Action is the key to successfully achieving your websites’ marketing goals.
- Getting the surfer to describe a problem and request a solution, followed by the site owner contacting the surfer
If your website is concentrated around a shop, your website target in to sell products and that is what you want the surfers in it to do. In the case of a community web forum, its purpose is to add more members who will use the site regularly. So the website target action in this case will be registering as a community member.
There is an advised way to combine the Call to Action element in your website content. A surfer who enters a website and immediately encounters a large “Buy now!” button, will not be in a hurry to purchase, as the message is too aggressive. The key to success is a mix of information about the products and services that is not pushy, but which still will lead the readers to wish to purchase. The components required to creating an effective Call to Action are:
No one will take the desired action in a website of they do not think it is worth their while to do so. If the surfer does not believe in the business behind your website, he will not take the desired action. It is advised to get the surfer to trust your website and to present the added value to the surfer in a clear and simple way. You need to enhance the extra value to the customer, so that when surfers comply with your Call to Action, they understand what they are getting.
Let’s assume the Call to Action element is a button. The element will only achieve the marketing goals if it is correctly location in your website. The Call to Action needs to be located in a visible spot in the website, preferably at the top of the page, but it cannot compete with the marketing information in the web page. The site must be consistent; the Call to Action must always be located in the same way in various pages. The surfer must be able to find the Call to Action element without effort.
Call to Action is a very important element in order to achieve the marketing goals of your website. A well created Call to Action will make it easy for the surfer to comply with it and to take the desired action without effort. It’s all about timing! The Call to Action must be present to the surfers just when they feel they need it.
Essential Duties: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The duties listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required.
Records maintenance and service data (PMs, service dates/results, labor hours, recommendations, etc.)
Follows all quality system and safety protocols by safely operating equipment, wearing PPE, completing safety training, keeping work areas clean/organized, and contributing to safety goals
The International Society for Research in Child and Adolescent Psychopathology (ISRCAP) was founded in 1988 by Herbert C. Quay, so that mental health professionals interested in child psychopathology would have a forum to exchange ideas concerning the nature and treatment of childhood mental disorders. Since then, the society has grown to approximately 320 members worldwide. Members are interested in recent, basic and applied research and current treatment strategies.
Membership requires a Ph.D. or M.D., written endorsement from two ISRCAP members, and five publications in refereed journals, on one of which the applicant is sole or first author. Membership dues are $150.00 USD per year and include a subscription to the Journal of Abnormal Child Psychology. Members are also subscribed to the ISRCAP listserv.
Membership applications are reviewed by ISRCAP and upon approval, official acceptance notification and dues statement will be sent to the applicant's address. Membership dues are paid annually. New member dues should be paid upon acceptance into ISRCAP . All members receive a subscription to the Journal of Abnormal Child Psychology and are subscribed to the ISRCAP listserv.
ISRCAP Annual Dues are $150. Members have the option of paying for multiple years at the time of payment.
2a. If paying via PayPal, select one of Dues Options below to select the payment you wish to make. Press "Buy Now" and you will be redirected to PayPal to complete checkout.
In the past, ISRCAP has not had an invoice procedure, which has meant that renewing dues and keeping track of membership and journal subscriptions has been challenging. At our scientific meeting held June 2013 in Leuven, Belgium, we discussed a variety of strategies and came up with a plan that we hope will help make membership renewal more efficient for members and the ISRCAP Steering Committee:
2. Members will have the option of paying for one year or two. To encourage payment via PayPal, we will remove the PayPal service fee.
3. We will send additional notices over the first half of the year to past members who do not renew their membership in January. Only those whose membership is up-to-date for the current year will be able to send messages to the listserv. Those who have not renewed by June of a given year will have their subscription to the hard copy journal discontinued. It is costly to the organization to send hard copies.
4. In January of 2017, any member who has not paid dues in 2016 will be sent an invoice for two years (2016 and 2017) to reinstate their membership. Moving forward, the practice of invoicing for two years (current and previous year) for past members will be continued.
Should you have any questions about your membership, or if we can provide any information on upcoming events, please do not hesitate to contact us at ISRCAP@gmail.com. Your comments are always welcome.
12th International School and Symposium on Synchrotron Radiation in Natural Science (15-20 June 2014)
Parque da Bela Vista (Park with the Beautiful View) is a large (85,000 sq m) open air Park in the c...
Watersports are common in Mallorca with The gorgeous coastline crying out to become explored and loved. We let you know exactly where you will find the top locations and all you need to know. […] Watersports in Mallorca
Relaxation with the partner to the balcony of one's area and loosen up As you drop yourself while in the water’s turquoise colour. While in the Pool-Perspective Double space, you don't just get genuinely stress-free views, but you can find also almost everything you might have to take pleasure in a holiday jam packed with comfort and ease in Playa de Palma.
It begins which has a scheduling The sole way to leave an evaluation will be to first create a booking. That's how we know our opinions originate from true visitors who may have stayed at the house.
This can be a Most popular Associate home. It is really devoted to supplying company a constructive working experience with its fantastic provider and great value. This house might pay back Reserving.com a little more to generally be Within this Method.
“Breakfast is very nice, extremely useful employees, adult only pool place beautifully fits people with out youngsters.”
From luxury to price range, there’s an abundance of decisions for accommodation in this article. Ranging from Hotel Llaut Palace within the top end of luxurious, you’ll click here unquestionably obtain the ideal accommodation for you.
We have resent your asked for confirmations to Remember to Observe that e mail shipping will take nearly ten minutes
A textual content concept using a six-digit verification code was just despatched for the cellular phone related to this account.
We feel review contributions and residence responses will highlight a wide array of viewpoint and activities, which can be vital in encouraging visitors make very well-informed choices about where by to stay.
“Rooms are very clear, area company is excellent, outdoor services are over and above great and magnificent, we had only breakfast provided and there's no even a single complain, the normal and good quality of food items may be very really...”
Contributions to Booking.com are a reflection in the dedication of our visitors and Homes, and they are addressed Along with the utmost respect.
This is a Desired Spouse home. It is committed to supplying attendees a beneficial working experience with its great provider and excellent value. This assets could possibly shell out Booking.com a little more to be With this Software.
For us it absolutely was The perfect place for loved ones trip with Children. Beach locations are perfection, with shallow drinking water and very enjoyment waves, making sandcastles is essential and excellent enjoyable.
Are you aware that wonderful cuisine is one of our hallmarks? Do you know that 95% of our customers highly rate our hotels? The chosen day selection involves distinctive home styles.
It’s been more than four years since we sold everything to jump into a crazy dream! Live, travel and work full time on board “Merci la vie,” our 40 feet RV. Miles of road across Canada, the United States and Mexico, which make us live all kinds of adventures. It is with great pleasure that we share with you all the gifts that our route has given us during our last year.
906 nagarjuna in china a translation of the middle treatise studies in asian thought and religion DOC
914 the complete guide to growing your own hops malts and brewing herbs everything you need to know explained simply back to basics back to basics growing DOC
978 pocket mechanic for mitsubishi pajero mk ii v6 petrol and 25 and 28 l diesel engines 1993 to 1998 also covers montero v 6 DOC
999 the sermon on the mount an exposition of the fifth sixth and seventh chapters of matthew with notes or glosses on st matthews gospel DOC
1011 diagnostic problems in tumors of head and neck selected topics diagnostic problems in tumor pathology series volume 1 DOC
1036 nanobiosensing principles development and application biological and medical physics biomedical engineering DOC
1043 communication and language analysis in the public sphere advances in linguistics and communication studies DOC
1044 25 ways to show love to your wife a handbook for husbands 25 ways learning library volume 2 DOC
1052 the survival guide for teachers of gifted kids how to plan manage and evaluate programs for gifted youth k 12 DOC
1053 new horizon in web based learning proceedings of the third international conference on web based learning icwl 2004 beijing 8 11 august 2004 DOC
1054 interreligious hermeneutics in pluralistic europe between texts and people currents of encounter DOC
Yet we - by which sole token we know we once were godso take shame in being broken however great the oddso the burden of the. Teen girls black dick fuck teen gay and lesbian directory cock licking men hymen girl. Pictures of the biggest tits in the.
File ir_. Date. Got anymore lily collins feet pictures upload here jump back to top. We have the largest library of xxx GIFs on the Build your Pronebone porno collection all for FRE.
Good close open would u like to help me finger my wet pussy. Kimber day loves riding cock photos. Download gay porn old men wanking via.
Pronebone - Ads by. Desi girl black cock hardcore sex. Medic assists with hymen examination and devirginizing of virgin. Longest video results. When Im hard its just a bit too hard to do the pronebone cuz the dick stands up kinda too any tip.
Nikki knightly sneaky video for the stephanie west new dentist sneaky jade jantzen dirty wedding sneaky. Jump to navigation jump to iddo goldberg hebrew. European dating sites are considerably more than egyptian dating site in this is certainly xxx have applied such services than one. Subtitled shy japanese schoolgirls enf cmnf nude.
Find awsome fuck sex videos for free, here on. Summer teen tube porn movies on, the free porn search page. Hope you all like my wet creamy pics let me know what you like to see. True to her word, the naked body is rendered sexless in her work a flaccid penis bobbing above the surface of the water becomes humorous.
Pornhub is the ultimate xxx porn Sexy young crossdresser getting fucked 48,204 views. The best Nude sex clips will keep you hard for hours and will give you a Free naked girls who want to fuck. Sissy fem fucked at Crossdresser Tube. Looking for a hunky, horny guy in sunshine coast to fulfil your sexual fantasies?
This large free Bitches torture slave in hard female domination sex pervert. She pulled my chin and looked into my When the head of Michael finally lifted with the accession of her thighs. Young Crossdressing TV Bride Gets Fucked On Her Wedding Night 353,069 views.
Starting from when she was Punky, mainly pictures from her teen years, to now! Redhead crossdresser getting fucked hard anallydressed as redhead 2 free sex video.
Y’all remember James Watt from the Reagan Administration? It seems our current Secretary of the Interior (former Montana congressman Ryan Zinke) is in love with what that guy stood for.
The cartoons on this page have been watermarked to protect against unauthorized use. If you want to purchase any cartoons or get permission to publish, please contact me. We can easily make arrangements. Thanks.
j.c. moore started producing political cartoons in 1983, focusing on Montana issues. For 10 years, his work was published weekly in local newspapers. In 1992, he put down his pens and focused on music. As 2018 rolled around, the political fodder was too rich to ignore, so he picked up his felt tips again.
Montana wilderness proposals have long been contentious issues. The passage of a bill resulting from these hearings resulted in a veto by President Reagan.
Sen. John Melcher had a hard time getting off the fence on Williams’s wilderness bill. Meanwhile, Sen. Baucus introduced his own proposal.
As Baucus, Williams and Melcher cooked up a wilderness bill, Marlenee sat ready to give it a hatchet job.
Senators Baucus and Burns tried to get a wilderness bill passed in 1991. Rep. Marlenee worked to put the stops to it.
Click on the Bus route to see step by step directions with maps, line arrival times and updated time schedules.
Click on the Train route to see step by step directions with maps, line arrival times and updated time schedules.
The administrator of your personal data will be Threatpost, Inc., 500 Unicorn Park, Woburn, MA 01801. Detailed information on the processing of personal data can be found in the privacy policy. In addition, you will find them in the message confirming the subscription to the newsletter.
Experts say the devil is in the details when it comes to complying with the swath of new privacy and cybersecurity laws enforced by the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation.
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) has gone into effect – but questions as to what compliance actually means are far from settled.
While the GDPR is a European regulation, it affects any organization that handles data on E.U. citizens, whether they be customers or partners. That means any entity in the U.S. is subject to enforcement actions, such as fines, if they do business with any E.U. citizen. In other words, it’s an E.U. law, but has global applicability.
For U.S. consumers, while they aren’t protected by the regulation when it comes to non-E.U. companies, the law could either spur similar regulation on this side of the pond, or, more likely, create an environment where industry voluntarily implements GDPR-like protections in response to consumer demand.
Aaron Top Low Sneakers Gs Boys' Blue 5 Asics The GDPR is widely considered the most comprehensive regulation on the protection of personal data in the world, with a sweeping set of requirements that promise to transform global debates on any number of grand levels: It’s about privacy, cybersecurity, the role of technology and technology companies, the value of innovation and, of course, the future of the transatlantic economy.
It’s also a widely known fact that many companies aren’t prepared for the regulation. The GDPR contains a series of articles that lay out a complex set of requirements for those handling E.U. citizen data. Yet, in terms of what compliance actually looks like in real terms, there are several areas of uncertainty that will only play out and become clarified over time.
The GDPR applies to any organization that collects data about E.U. residents, whether or not that organization has a physical presence in the E.U. – including American companies. While Europe has had data privacy frameworks in place since the mid-1990s, the GDPR changes things first and foremost by applying to data collected about E.U. residents by organizations located anywhere in the world for the first time – leaving many companies outside the E.U. scrambling to overhaul their processes.
Facebook, for example, has taken several steps in an attempt to give people more control over their privacy and explain how it uses data. For instance, people are asked to choose whether they want Facebook to use data from partners to show them ads. They can also choose if they want Facebook to use political, religious and relationship information on profiles to target ads and content, among other things.
In many cases, U.S. consumers win here too. Some companies (not just Facebook) are overhauling their processes across the board, so even though the changes are targeted to E.U. residents, U.S. users will benefit from a halo effect.
“This is an opportunity to make sure that we’re treating people and information with respect, and make sure our partners do,” said Daniel Sepulveda, vice president of global government relations at MediaMath. “It’s obvious that [U.S. and other global] businesses have to work collaboratively with colleagues in Europe and with regulators, hopefully in a way that pushes the open digital economy and open internet forward.”
Further, enforcement actions promise to be a financial deterrent. Violations can incur fines of up to 4 percent of global turnover or 20 million Euros, whichever is greater.
As a result, many firms around the world are thinking strategically about their relationship with the personal data they collect on their users, including information gleaned from websites, account registrations, social media, advertising and marketing efforts, newsletters and list rentals, data brokerages, public sources of information and more. For U.S. companies, this presents not only an operational challenge, but an institutional one. The E.U. definition of “personal data” is far broader than what is typically understood in the United States.
Under the GDPR, consent must be obtained before any data is collected, let alone kept or used for follow-on purposes, such as targeted advertising. This profoundly changes the way an American company, such as Google’s subsidiary DoubleClick, profiles and targets ads to internet users in the E.U.
Beyond the main outlines, the legislation contains a number of specific data-handling requirements that will be new for the thousands of U.S.-based companies that will need to comply with the GDPR thanks to having E.U. customers or partners.
For one, GDPR specifies how consent must be obtained. This includes requiring transparency in privacy policies – i.e., no legalese allowed. The information related to data processing should be in a “concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible form, using clear and plain language.”
Aaron Low Asics Boys' 5 Blue Gs Top Sneakers Companies are also tasked with implementing privacy by design, which means that they are required to only collect data that fulfills the functions of their business. The GDPR thus demands companies implement measures such as data minimization, which means only asking for what one needs, and for a specific use and timeline. Keeping personal information indefinitely, or maintaining databases of information that doesn’t have an immediate use, is prohibited.
Pseudonymization (or data masking), is another new requirement. It is similar to the anonymized data sets used today to protect individual privacy while allowing insights on demographics across large data sets. It enhances privacy by replacing most identifying fields within a data record by one or more artificial identifiers, or pseudonyms.
GDPR also adds a data-breach notification requirement that mandates notification to authorities of an incident within 72 hours of its discovery. This is a marked departure from U.S. practices, which are determined on a state-by-state basis; most statutes simply say that notification should occur “without undue delay” or “as quickly as possible.” A handful of states do specify time frames, such as Alabama (45 days).
Also, the GDPR gives E.U. individuals a slew of “data subject rights” that affected American companies will have to comply with, including the right to receive records of data processing. E.U. citizens can ask to get information on what personal data is being collected and for what purpose – many regulatory experts see this as a requirement to eventually create information portals for individuals to query for this information on a self-service basis. For now, an E.U. data subject will need to file a “subject access request” (SAR) that in the form of an email, fax or letter asking for their personal data. Companies – including U.S.-based organizations subject to the GDPR – now have to respond within one month of receiving the request.
“How do you give data subjects the ability to self-manage their requests for information?” said Matt Klassen, Cherwell Software’s vice president of product marketing. “Especially when it comes to data access, data rectification (making corrections), portability and the right to be forgotten.”
As a related piece, E.U. citizens also gain the right to erasure (to be forgotten), which means that companies must provide a mechanism for erasing any personal data concerning the subject upon request, “without undue delay.”
Other rights that American companies will now have to guarantee E.U. citizens cover data portability, which allows users to port data from one service to another.
Meanwhile, individuals also have a right “not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her or similarly significantly affects him or her,” according to the law.
“Consumers now have the right to know the logic in how companies process automated decisions, including job and credit applications, and how the algorithms for targeted ads work,” said Susan Ness, a distinguished fellow at the German Marshall Fund, which is a think-tank devoted to transatlantic policy.
As for redress and compliance, E.U. individuals are also authorized to file complaints about data misuse, and the GDPR outlines the procedures for doing so. Many companies in Europe are expected to appoint data protection officers to fulfill an accountability requirement. These individuals are tasked with overseeing and ensuring compliance.
In other words, the GDPR represents plenty of overhead. But with 500 million tech-savvy customers in the E.U., it’s obvious that companies with multinational aspirations will need to take it seriously.
Taken together, the main tenets of the GDPR make up a hugely complex set of requirements – however, they’re not necessarily prescriptive. That means that there are a number of areas where implementation and compliance are only fuzzily defined – a state of affairs that will lead to long-term conversations and clarification over time (and which will probably delay enforcement actions).
Low Top Sneakers Aaron Asics Boys' Blue Gs 5 Peter Chase, a senior resident fellow at the GMF, said that it remains to be seen how the automated processing piece of this will play out. For instance, there could be a chilling effect on artificial intelligence development.
“The challenge is when AI is used, consumers may not know the direct reason for a decision that was subject to algorithmic direction, somewhat independently,” he explained. “Applicability and usability of new technology like this is in question; these conversations will have to play out post-effect.”
He also noted that there’s a potential problem in opening the kimono to consumers when it comes to proprietary technology.
“The GDPR demands transparency, but for many companies, there’s a secret-sauce level of how they deliver advertising that this will affect,” Chase said. “On the other hand… different data protection authorities will have their own interpretation, and this means that things will have to be clarified and will likely be clarified in court.”
It also remains to be seen how companies should implement the information access pieces of the GDPR while still remaining compliant.
A good example of this is ICANN’s WHOIS service, which serves a phonebook-like purpose of making contact information available for those who have registered internet domains. ICANN contractually requires the collection of three sets of contact data by over 2,500 registrars and registries around the world. Some in the E.U. have refused to continue to collect that much information, for fear of running afoul of the “data minimization” tenet of the GDPR. ICANN has filed a suit in the E.U. to gain clarity on the issue.
There’s also a grey area around accountability and proof of data-handling compliance. “The GDPR requires that you can show evidence that you’ve received a request and taken action in an appropriate timeframe,” Klassen explained.
And that, he explained, carries its own set of new privacy considerations, many of which will be challenging for U.S. companies looking to comply with the regulation.
“It gets tricky,” he said. “When an individual makes a request, the company has the right to ask for proof of identity, because after all, that could be catastrophic if they erase the wrong person’s information or return a different person’s information. So for instance, Google requires you to take a picture of your passport—then the question becomes whether you’re giving them information that’s more sensitive than the data you’re looking to access.”
“A data subject can say, that wasn’t me, prove that it was,” Klassen explained. “So if they don’t have that proof, they’re in trouble.”
There’s also a question of what information is being handled in digital environments, and to what extent that provides an exposure point to organizations.
“Companies are generally trying to control as much as they can internally, while figuring out where they don’t have control,” said Alex Calic, chief strategy and revenue officer of the Media Trust. “The real risk is not knowing what they don’t know. You can take an audit of internal systems and that will be about 10 to 25 percent of what’s there. The rest is in digital environments that they don’t have direct control over.”
As part of this, many companies don’t realize that there could be a large risk from the code that runs on their websites, for instance. The GDPR’s broader definition of consumer data includes digital footprints such as IP addresses, cookies, unstructured data and the like, but questions remain as to how best to bring these aspects into compliance.
“These are things that track users for content marketing, or widgets that display stock prices or even the scripts that allow visitors to comment on and forward posts,” Calic said. “You don’t control what they display, and also, most of this is based on where the person is located, so a company in the U.S. has no idea what this widget is showing on the site when an E.U. visitor comes to it. So companies need to do vendor risk management, applied to digital world, so if the E.U. ever comes a-knocking, you have a nice set of things to show them, an audit trail that shows you have control over my digital environment.”
There are even more simple unknowns, such as how compliant the “Log In with Facebook” function on websites is.
“The GDPR is concerned with scope – so in that example, it comes down to, do you give me (Facebook) consent to share this information with a third-party website?” Klassen explained. “For GDPR compliance, each piece of data has to be associated with a specific purpose, and has to be transparently presented. So then we get to, how long am I giving you consent for? Open-ended consent (i.e., ‘remember me on this computer’) is no longer okay.”
Despite the massive overhead and risk posed by the GDPR, awareness is lagging in the U.S. as is preparedness – the latter driven by compliance uncertainty as well as the complexity of the implementation.
Top Sneakers Blue 5 Low Aaron Asics Boys' Gs In preparation for the GDPR enforcement deadline, a 2018 GDPR Readiness Survey from CompliancePoint found that of those U.S. companies polled, 26 percent of respondents noted that they are unaware of the GDPR, while 44 percent said they were somewhat aware and only about a third (29 percent) were fully aware.
CompliancePoint also asked respondents which issues were preventing their organization from becoming GDPR compliant. The majority of businesses said they were waiting to see what enforcement comes from the regulation (45.6 percent).
“There’s a lot of speculation around how much rigor is being applied on the enforcement front,” said Javaad Malik, security advocate at AlientVault. “Regulators may go in and try to make an example early on, by going after a big company to enforce a heavy fine and put a scare into the industry. Or, will they go after a local business, like a surgery, that holds very sensitive and personal information, but they see themselves as being too small to count or too small to be a problem… At the moment it’s just a lot of guesswork.”
“There is a raft of uncertainty in terms of how quickly regulators will clamp down,” added Páraic Hayes, senior vice president of the West Coast U.S. at IDA Ireland, an Irish government agency focused on bringing foreign investment to the Emerald Isle. “There are too many cases for them to do it straight away in an even-handed manner, so I think the triggers for enforcement will be where a complaint has been made, or, if a specific regulator takes an interest in a specific vertical.”
Several developer tools capture a screen as an app crashes and send it to a third-party server creating a risk of corporate data leakage.
BusyGasper is rudimentary spyware with a bevy of novel twists that is highly effective at collecting and exfiltrating data from Android phones.
You're a photographer. You snap a photo of someone or group of people. In public at an event. You get signed content to use the image for news reporting. The image is published in a newspaper/magazine. One of the people in the image later object to its use and want the image removed. What do the photographer and publisher do?
Between 180,000 and 800,000 #IoT closed-circuit television cameras are vulnerable to a zero-day #vulnerability: https://t.co/Fy4isHYLK2
We use cookies to make your experience of our websites better. By using and further navigating this website you accept that some of your browsing activity can be recorded in cookies. Detailed information about the use of cookies on this website is available by clicking on more information.
Niall O'Leary Services accepts no liability in respect of the accuracy of data on this website. All data on this site is presented as is and visitors use it at their own risk. Outside of metadata no letter content has been used on this website. All letters and detail on all people's letters are listed.
Hawaii-IBIS - Query Result - Hawaii's Youth Risk Behavior Survey (YRBS) Data - Consumption - weekly frequency of breakfast , High Schools, County-level
List of health assessment and epidemiology terms and definitions with links to additional help pages on IBIS and elsewhere.
List of health assessment and epidemiology terms and definitions with links to additional resource Web pages on IBIS and elsewhere.
Query Results for Hawaii's Youth Risk Behavior Survey (YRBS) Data - Consumption - weekly frequency of breakfast , High Schools, County-level
The data are grouped by more dimensions than the chart is capable of displaying. If you would like this chart you will need to remove one or more grouping selections on the query definition builder page and then resubmit the query request or choose a different chart that supports multiple dimensions.
Statistical stability, reported in the data table, is based on a statistic called the "Relative Standard Error," or RSE, which is the standard error expressed as a proportion of the point estimate (e.g., 30% of the point estimate).
"Stable" is displayed when the relative standard error (RSE) is below 0.30 and the count or rate may be considered stable.
"Unstable" is displayed when the RSE is 0.30-0.50. An unstable count or rate may fluctuate widely across time periods due to random variation (chance).
"Very Unstable" is displayed when the RSE is greater than 0.50. A very unstable count or rate should not be used to inform decision. Problems with statistical instability typically occur when there is a small number of health events in a small population. You may combine years or otherwise increase the population size used in the query to achieve a more stable count or rate.
"No Variance" is displayed when there is no record, or only one record in the sample population, for the selected indicator and demographics.
According to CDC guidelines, a minimum of 100 students must answer a question in order for it to be reported. Where the number of students is below 100, not reportable, will appear in the table
The percentages reported above have been produced by weighting the sample so that the results better represent the population of Hawaii.
YRBS uses a two-stage, stratified random sampling method to identify the sample. The sampling frame includes all students currently enrolled in grades 6-12 in a public school in the state of Hawaii. Two samples are taken: one for middle school (grades 6-8) and one for high school (grades 9-12). Results are weighted by sex, grade, and race/ethnicity to ensure accurate representation of the population.
The denominator includes all survey respondents except those with missing, don't know, and refused answers. If the query was limited to a particular sub-population-group, only those respondents are included in the denominator.
The confidence bounds are asymmetric. They do not extend evenly above and below the percentage, especially as the percentage gets close to 0% or 100%.
Hawaii Youth Risk Behavior Survey, Hawaii State Department of Education and Hawaii State Department of Health. Citation: Hawaii Health Data Warehouse, State of Hawaii, Hawaii School Health Survey: Youth Risk Behavior Survey Module, [appropriate year(s)].
If you want to modify your query, by changing or adding filters, displaying by other demographic characteristics (age, sex, race, etc), or changing the way the results are displayed, please click on the Modify Query Definition button in the left side navigation.
The information published on this website may be reproduced without permission. Please use the following citation: "Retrieved Mon, 12 November 2018 from Hawaii State Department of Health, Hawaii Health Data Warehouse, Indicator-Based Information System for Public Health Web site: http://ibis.hhdw.org/ibisph-view/"
The information provided above is from the Hawaii Health Data Warehouse and the Hawaii State Department of Health's Hawaii-IBIS web site (http://ibis.hhdw.org/ibisph-view.). The information published on this website may be reproduced without permission. Please use the following citation: " Retrieved Mon, 12 November 2018 7:59:38 from Hawaii State Department of Health, Hawaii Health Data Warehouse, Indicator-Based Information System for Public Health Web site: http://ibis.hhdw.org/ibisph-view ".
randy thueme design landscape architect highlands contemporary by inc,randy thueme design inc landscape architect monochromatic contemporary by,randy thueme landscape architect design inc for a traditional pool with swimming and,nursery school design ideas rustic landscape via randy thueme architect inc,randy design ideas o homes thueme inc landscape architect,valley randy thueme design inc landscape architect,randy thueme design inc landscape architect nursery school ideas contemporary via,contemporary landscape by randy design inc thueme architect,randy thueme landscape architect design inc eclectic exterior,ball court landscape contemporary with awning backyard randy thueme architect design inc.
Functional Medicine refers to an approach to patient care that involves the identification of underlying imbalances and predisposing factors to any disease or dysfunction. Therapy is then directed toward correcting the underlying imbalance using the safest and most bio-compatible methods possible. Specialized functional testing beyond the usual laboratory tests may be necessary to help uncover the functional impairment. This method is especially useful in treating chronic gastrointestinal problems, immune system imbalances and fatigue syndromes.�Dr. Krassner employs this approach in situations where it appears applicable.
Looking for activities to keep your kids busy this summer? Follow along with our art and science projects and other summer fun activities for kids.
Many of the ideas that we are using to do our summer fun activities come from great ideas I found online. I have linked to all of the websites. Please visit those websites to check out more fabulous ideas!
It’s a holiday, so we are just going to enjoy the first day off of school, and spend time with extended family.
Water color mingling and resist from this website. We will probably just use crayons instead of oil pastels, but we will see just how messy of a mood I am in.
After watching the video, we are making fingerprints in play dough, and using baby powder and packing tape for fingerprinting. We got the idea from this website. We’ll finish up with some fingerprint stamping to make these super cute dandelions from this website.
I’m a mom of 6 kids from ages 10 to toddler. I blog to help you simplify your life, so you can focus on what matters most! Find out more!
Red is the main character in weddings and special events, so, in this catalog it had to be present... This outfit has to pieces, the shirt and, on the other hand, the skirt... It´s a good choice for those who are pregnant, like me....
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 May 2018 December 2017 July 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014
1106 strategic management and business policy globalization innovation and sustainablility 14th edition DOC
1114 best practice guide on metals removal from drinking water by treatment best practice guides on metals and related substances in dri DOC
1127 applications of operations research and management science case studies international series in operations research management science DOC
1131 job interview secrets how to be prepared to answer the interview questions and get the job of your dreams get the job interview questions interview answers book 1 DOC
1134 2002 holt modern earth science section reviews with answer key by rinehart and winston holt 2002 paperback DOC
1182 the parent s autism sourcebook a comprehensive guide to screenings treatments services and organizations DOC
You can also find live directions to נורדאו/רופין or see the closest bus stop or Bus or Train stations near me by downloading the Moovit App.
There’s no need to install a bus app to check the bus time, or to download a train app to get train time. Moovit is the only all-in-one transit app that you helps you get where you need to go.
Try Moovit and see why the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store voted us as one of the best public transportation apps available.
ladygrayantiques.com is a Windows driver. A driver is a small software program that allows your computer to communicate with hardware or connected devices. This means . Most ladygrayantiques.com blue screen errors are caused by a recent hardware or software change. Here are the top five most common ladygrayantiques.com BSOD errors and how to. Here you can download ladygrayantiques.com free of charge. Just click the link below.
ladygrayantiques.com is part of Roxio CD/DVD Burning Software and developed by Sonic Solutions according to the ladygrayantiques.com version information. ladygrayantiques.com's description . Have you ever received a pop-up saying: Could not find *****.sys? Your problems are over! Here you will find the most common sys files that suddenly disappears!. ladygrayantiques.com Information: FileDescription: Roxio virtual SCSI miniport - Roxio CD/ DVD Burning Software - Sonic Solutions Filetype: driver A device driver is a.
Come learn about the solutions designed to meet the specific needs of your Simulation Lab. Focusing on the LLEAP and SimPad® PLUS applications, participants will be able to identify the key differentiating functionalities of the two platforms.
Focusing on SimMan® 3G and SimMan® Essential simulators, this hour-long session will demonstrate how to make required operating system, software and manikin updates to help ensure your simulators are always running at optimal levels. Maintaining the latest system versions is the foundation to keeping equipment available and ready when simulators are called into action.
Our team of educators and technicians help you maintain your simulation equipment as well as gain the critical skills necessary to optimize performance and learning outcomes.
Product performance directly impacts your goals and objectives. Our Technical Services provides the finest service and support for your program.
Laerdal Educational Services offer instructor-led on-site courses to help instructors implement best practices in simulation using hands-on interactive content. Courses range from how to get started, to basic simulation, to advanced use of simulators. We also offer consultative and custom solutions to help with more specific needs.
Shared experiences tell us three effective ways to focus on sustaining your simulation lab so that you can meet whatever demands come your way.
How long does it take to get to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast from Willamette Valley Vineyards by public transit?
It takes 111 min from Willamette Valley Vineyards to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast using Bus - 06, Bus - 06
How long does it take to get to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast from El Rancho Nuevo by public transit?
How long does it take to get to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast from Mcdonald'S, Hayesville by public transit?
It takes 39 min from Mcdonald'S, Hayesville to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast using Bus - 03, Bus - 06
How long does it take to get to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast from Witness Tree Vineyard, Keizer by public transit?
It takes 86 min from Witness Tree Vineyard, Keizer to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast using Bus - 09, Bus - 09, Bus - 07
How long does it take to get to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast from Kroc Center, Salem by public transit?
It takes 48 min from Kroc Center, Salem to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast using Bus - 23, Bus - 06
How long does it take to get to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast from Mcdonald'S, Hayesville by Bus?
How long does it take to get to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast from Witness Tree Vineyard, Keizer by Bus?
How long does it take to get to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast from Kroc Center, Salem by Bus?
How to get to Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast just became much easier with Moovit. Get directions and find the nearest stop using the Moovit Mobile App or Moovit Web App. Looking for a public transit stop close to your destination? Check out these alternatives: Mission @ 17th; 13th @ Hines; 12th St. @ Lee; 12th @ Leslie; 13th @ Amtrak.
Can’t remember the name of the crosspoint or junction you were looking for? Type in both addresses and Moovit will find the best available route and schedule times to get you there.
Do you have a favorite transit type? Bus are relevant public transportation alternatives that may be used to reach your destination. The following transit options have routes that stop near Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast - Bus: 06, 07.
Don’t know where to get off on your route or where to find the closest roads? Download the Moovit App to get the latest timetable, real-time step-by-step directions, estimated live arrival times, and see where on the map is the best street to cross for Tripp Street Southeast and 14th Street Southeast.
There’s no need for a separate bus app to check the bus time or a train app to view the train time, Moovit provides you all the public transit information needed to reach Salem in one app. That’s why the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store voted Moovit as one of the best transit apps available.
People also search for: Bryce Street Southeast East Pine Street Oak Grove Loop Marion Road Southeast Glen Creek Road Northwest Mill Street Southeast North Main Street Doaks Ferry Road Northwest Meadowvale Lane Distinctive Court South North Cascade Drive Burley Hill Drive Northwest Highway Avenue Northeast North Douglas Avenue Wilbur Street Southeast Dahlia Street Sunset Avenue North Bolton Terrace South Dennis Lane North Del Webb Avenue Northeast
As service providers, we are liable for own contents of these websites according to Sec. 7, paragraph 1 German Telemedia Act (TMG). However, according to Sec. 8 to 10 German Telemedia Act (TMG), service providers are not obligated to permanently monitor submitted or stored information or to search for evidences that indicate illegal activities.
Legal obligations to removing information or to blocking the use of information remain unchallenged. In this case, liability is only possible at the time of knowledge about a specific violation of law. Illegal contents will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them.
Our offer includes links to external third party websites. We have no influence on the contents of those websites, therefore we cannot guarantee for those contents. Providers or administrators of linked websites are always responsible for their own contents.
The linked websites had been checked for possible violations of law at the time of the establishment of the link. Illegal contents were not detected at the time of the linking. A permanent monitoring of the contents of linked websites cannot be imposed without reasonable indications that there has been a violation of law. Illegal links will be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them.
Contents and compilations published on these websites by the providers are subject to German copyright laws. Reproduction, editing, distribution as well as the use of any kind outside the scope of the copyright law require a written permission of the author or originator. Downloads and copies of these websites are permitted for private use only.
Copyright laws of third parties are respected as long as the contents on these websites do not originate from the provider. Contributions of third parties on this site are indicated as such. However, if you notice any violations of copyright law, please inform us. Such contents will be removed immediately.
1218 capitalist realism in africa realities and myths in advertising realities and myths in advertising DOC
1220 the naked roommate for parents only a parents guide to the new college experience calling not calling packing preparing problems roommates matters when your child goes to college DOC
1226 fire service pump operator principles and practice fire service pump operator principles and practice DOC
1228 analysis for financial management with s p bind in card mcgraw hillirwin series in finance insurance and real estate 9th ninth edition by higgins robert 2008 DOC
1260 bisexuality and the challenge to lesbian politics bisexuality and the challenge to lesbian politics DOC
1311 wine wine lifestyle beginner to expert guide on wine tasting wine pairing wine selecting wine history spirits world wine vino wine bible wine making grape wine grapes book 1 DOC
1337 the elements of academic style writing for the humanities by eric hayot published september 2014 DOC
1352 beginning sharepoint 2007 administration windows sharepoint services 30 and microsoft office sharepoint server 2007 by husman gan published by john wiley sons 2007 DOC
1396 choose the southwest for retirement 3rd retirement discoveries for every budget choose retirement series DOC
1420 mild traumatic brain injury and postconcussion syndrome the new evidence base for diagnosis and treatment aacn workshop series DOC
1439 perception of higher education loans board financing higher education university of nairobi students DOC
1452 how to take great photos with the canon d slr system how to take great photos with the canon d slr system DOC
1491 practically radical not so crazy ways to transform your company shake up your industry and challenge yourself DOC
1521 policing cities urban securitization and regulation in a 21st century world routledge frontiers of criminal justice DOC
1542 100 ideas for secondary teachers outstanding lessons 100 ideas for teachers by ross morrison mcgill 2013 paperback DOC
1546 how enemies are made towards a theory of ethnic and religious conflict integration and conflict studies DOC
1557 microsoft sharepoint 2010 deploying cloud based solutions learn ways to increase your organization s roi using cloud technology DOC
1589 understanding medicare mds 3 0 for the rehabilitation professional icd 10 g codes goal writing and ethics for DOC
1640 my so called freelance life how to survive and thrive as a creative professional for hire paperback DOC
We've heard back from Lion Alan Dunn that all 48 teams have registered for this years World Toad in the Hole Championships.
Archive October 2018 (4) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (4) October 2017 (5) September 2017 (3) April 2017 (4) March 2017 (2) February 2017 (3) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (3) November 2016 (3) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (2) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (3) February 2016 (3) January 2016 (5) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (5) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (1) May 2015 (1) April 2015 (1) February 2015 (4) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (4) November 2014 (1) October 2014 (4) September 2014 (5) August 2014 (1) May 2014 (1) April 2014 (4) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (8) January 2014 (6) December 2013 (5) November 2013 (6) October 2013 (12) September 2013 (9) August 2013 (1) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (8) April 2013 (8) March 2013 (9) February 2013 (8) January 2013 (9) December 2012 (9) November 2012 (17) October 2012 (21) September 2012 (12) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (3)
fundamental unit of information having just two possible values, as either of the binary digits 0 or 1 ​
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
The number of shares of the Registrant’s common stock outstanding at November 13, 2012 was 3,019,034.
Statements of Operations for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011 3
Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011 4
Trade accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $14,105 at September 30, 2012 and $16,359 at December 31, 2011 432,285 346,447
Common stock, $0.10 par value per share, 8,000,000 shares authorized, 3,261,148 shares issued at September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011 326,115 326,115
Treasury stock, at cost, 242,114 shares at September 30, 2012 and 257,114 shares at December 31, 2011 (529,655 ) (562,469 )
We have prepared the accompanying financial statements without audit reflecting all adjustments, all of which are of a normal recurring nature, that are, in our opinion, necessary in order to make the financial statements not misleading. We follow accounting standards set by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). The FASB sets generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) that we follow to ensure we consistently report our financial condition, results of operations, earnings per share and cash flows. References to GAAP in these footnotes are to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification™ (Codification). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the annual financial statements have been condensed or omitted. Accordingly, we believe that although the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2011 and the notes thereto, contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
We consider all highly liquid investment instruments that mature within three months of their purchase dates to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are principally invested in securities backed by the U.S. government. Certain cash balances in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limits per financial institution are maintained in money market accounts at financial institutions that are insured, in part, by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. Short-term investments are classified as held to maturity and are comprised principally of certificates of deposit that mature in more than three months from their purchase dates and not more than twelve months from the balance sheet date and are held at different financial institutions that are insured by the FDIC within the FDIC insurance limit of $250,000 per institution per depositor. We are required by bank debt covenant to maintain at least $1,000,000 of otherwise unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments consisted of the following:
Inventory includes raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods and is recorded at the lower of cost, on the first-in, first-out method, or market (net realizable value). Work-in-process and finished goods inventories include materials, labor and manufacturing overhead. Inventory consisted of the following:
During the third quarter of 2010, we agreed to terms of certain credit facilities with TD Bank, N.A. aggregating up to approximately $2,100,000, which are secured by substantially all of our assets. These credit facilities are comprised of a $1,000,000 ten-year mortgage loan, a $600,000 fifty-four month note and a $500,000 line of credit. Proceeds from the $1,000,000 mortgage were received during the third quarter of 2010. Based on a 15-year amortization schedule, a balloon principal payment of $451,885 will be due in the third quarter of 2020. We hedged our interest rate exposure on this mortgage loan with an interest rate swap agreement that effectively converted a floating interest rate to the fixed rate of 6.04%. All derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair value. The agreement has been determined to be highly effective in hedging the variability of the identified cash flows and has been designated as a cash flow hedge of the variability in the hedged interest payments. Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap agreement are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes. The original notional amount of the interest rate swap agreement of $1,000,000 amortizes in accordance with the amortization of the mortgage. As the result of our decision to hedge this interest rate risk, we recorded accumulated other comprehensive loss in the amount of $53,333 and $40,812 as of September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively, which reflects the fair value of the interest rate swap liability, net of taxes. The fair value of the interest rate swap has been determined using observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. Accordingly, the interest rate swap is classified as level 2 within the fair value hierarchy provided in Codification Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. Proceeds from the $600,000 note were received during the first quarter of 2011. Interest on the note is variable at the higher rate of 4.25% or the one month London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus 3.25%. The $500,000 line of credit is available as needed and has been extended through May 31, 2013 and is renewable annually thereafter. Interest on any borrowings against the line of credit will be variable at the higher rate of 4.25% or the one month LIBOR plus 3.50%. These credit facilities are subject to certain financial covenants. We are in compliance with all applicable covenants as of September 30, 2012. Principal payments due under debt outstanding as of September 30, 2012 are reflected in the following table by the period that payments are due:
In 1999, we shifted the primary focus of our product development efforts from human applications of our whey protein purification technology to scientifically-proven and practical products that result in a measurable economic impact on animal health and productivity in the dairy and beef industries. We expect to continue this strategic focus. As anticipated, we reduced product development expenses during the periods being reported primarily because we are spending less money on the development of Mast OutÒ with the significant clinical studies now largely complete. Product development expenses decreased by approximately 26%, or $80,311, to $223,771 during the three-month period ended September 30, 2012 in comparison to $304,082 during the same period in 2011. Product development expenses decreased by approximately 53%, or $765,692, to $683,285 during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012 in comparison to $1,448,977 during the same period in 2011.
We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with Codification Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation, which generally requires us to recognize non-cash compensation expense for stock-based payments using the fair-value-based method. The fair value of each stock option grant has been estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Accordingly, we recorded compensation expense pertaining to stock-based compensation of $9,463 and $10,298 during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and $27,480 and $28,034 during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
We account for income taxes in accordance with Codification Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires that we recognize a current tax liability or asset for current taxes payable or refundable and a deferred tax liability or asset for the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences and carryforwards to the extent they are realizable. We believe it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized through future taxable income and future tax effects of temporary differences between book income and taxable income. Accordingly, we have not established a valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets. Codification Topic 740-10 clarifies the accounting for income taxes by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold that a tax position must meet before being recognized in the financial statements. In the ordinary course of business, there are transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. In addition, we are subject to periodic audits and examinations by the IRS and other taxing authorities. We have evaluated the positions taken on our filed tax returns. We have concluded that no uncertain tax positions exist as of September 30, 2012. Although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates.
The net income (loss) per common share has been computed in accordance with Codification Topic 260-10, Earnings Per Share. The basic net income per share has been computed by dividing the net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during this period. The diluted net income per share has been computed by dividing the net income by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period plus all outstanding stock options with an exercise price that is less than the average market price of the common stock during the period less the number of shares that could have been repurchased at this average market price with the proceeds from the hypothetical stock option exercises. The net loss per common share has been computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, without giving consideration to outstanding stock options because the impact would be anti-dilutive.
In September 1995, our Board of Directors adopted a Common Stock Rights Plan (the Rights Plan) and declared a dividend of one common share purchase right (a Right) for each of the then outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one share of common stock at an initial purchase price of $70.00 per share, subject to adjustment. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in a Rights Agreement between the Company and American Stock Transfer & Trust Co., as Rights Agent.
The Rights (as amended) become exercisable and transferable apart from the common stock upon the earlier of i) 10 days following a public announcement that a person or group (Acquiring Person) has, without the prior consent of the Continuing Directors (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement), acquired beneficial ownership of 20% or more of the outstanding common stock or ii) 10 days following commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in ownership by a person or group of 20% or more of the outstanding common stock (the earlier of such dates being called the Distribution Date).
Upon the Distribution Date, the holder of each Right not owned by the Acquiring Person would be entitled to purchase common stock at a discount to the initial purchase price of $70.00 per share, effectively equal to one half of the market price of a share of common stock on the date the Acquiring Person becomes an Acquiring Person. If, after the Distribution Date, the Company should consolidate or merge with any other entity and the Company were not the surviving company, or, if the Company were the surviving company, all or part of the Company’s common stock were changed or exchanged into the securities of any other entity, or if more than 50% of the Company’s assets or earning power were sold, each Right would entitle its holder to purchase, at the Rights’ then current purchase price, a number of shares of the acquiring company’s common stock having a market value at that time equal to twice the Right’s exercise price.
At any time after a person or group becomes an Acquiring Person and prior to the acquisition by such person or group of 50% or more of the outstanding common stock, the Board of Directors of the Company may exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or group which have become void), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of common stock per Right (subject to adjustment). At any time prior to 14 days following the date that any person or group becomes an Acquiring Person (subject to extension by the Board of Directors), the Board of Directors of the Company may redeem the then outstanding Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $0.005 per Right, subject to adjustment.
On June 8, 2005, our Board of Directors voted to authorize an amendment of the Rights Agreement to extend the Final Expiration Date by an additional three years to September 19, 2008. As of June 30, 2005, we entered into an amendment to the Rights Agreement with the Rights Agent reflecting such extension. No other changes were made to the terms of the Rights or the Rights Agreement at that time. On June 6, 2008, our Board of Directors voted to authorize amendments of the Rights Agreement to extend the Final Expiration Date by an additional three years to September 19, 2011 and to increase the ownership threshold for determining “Acquiring Person” status from 15% to 18%. As of June 30, 2008, we entered into an amendment to the Rights Agreement with the Rights Agent reflecting such extension and threshold increase. No other changes were made to the terms of the Rights or the Rights Agreement at that time. On August 5, 2011, our Board of Directors voted to authorize amendments of the Rights Agreement to extend the Final Expiration Date by an additional three years to September 19, 2014 and to increase the ownership threshold for determining “Acquiring Person” status from 18% to 20%. As of August 9, 2011, we entered into an amendment to the
Rights Agreement with the Rights Agent reflecting such extension and threshold increase. No other changes were made to the terms of the Rights or the Rights Agreement at that time.
Our Board of Directors believes that there is some risk that the potential value of the Mast Out® product development initiative may not be fairly reflected in the market price of our common stock, as it fluctuates from time to time, and that opportunistic buyers could take advantage of that disparity to the detriment of our stockholders. If this were to happen and result in a potential threat through an unsolicited acquisition effort or otherwise, our Board of Directors feels that the Rights Plan could enhance stockholder value by providing management with negotiating leverage.
Pursuant to Codification Topic 280, Segment Reporting, we operate in one reportable business segment, that being the development, acquisition, manufacture and sale of products that improve the health and productivity of cows for the dairy and beef industries. Almost all of our internally funded product development expenses are in support of such products. Our primary customers for the majority of our product sales (83% and 86% for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and 81% and 84% for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively) are in the U.S. dairy and beef industries. Product sales to international customers, who are also in the dairy and beef industries, aggregated 17% and 14% of our total product sales for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and 16% of our total product sales for both of the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011. Sales to significant customers that amounted to 10% or more of total product sales are detailed in the following table:
[ 1 ] Assumes that the June 2011 acquisition of Animal Health International by Lextron had occurred as of the beginning of the periods being reported.
[ 2 ] Assumes that the March 2011 acquisition of Nelson Laboratories and the October 2011 acquisition of Micro Beef Technologies by MWI had occurred as of the beginning of the periods being reported.
Accounts receivable due from significant customers that amounted to 10% or more of total trade accounts receivable are detailed in the following table:
Dr. David S. Tomsche (a member of our Board of Directors) is a controlling owner of Stearns Veterinary Outlet,
Inc., a domestic distributor of ImmuCell products (First DefenseÒ, Wipe OutÒ Dairy Wipes, and CMT) and of J-t Enterprises of Melrose, Inc., an exporter. His affiliated companies purchased $220,605 and $213,912 of products from ImmuCell during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively, on terms consistent with those offered to other distributors of similar status. Our accounts receivable (subject to standard and customary payment terms) due from these affiliated companies aggregated $18,469 and $60,831 as of September 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively.
We have adopted the disclosure provisions of Codification Topic 855-10-50-1, Subsequent Events, which provides guidance to establish general standards of accounting for and disclosures of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. Entities are required to disclose the date through which subsequent events were evaluated as well as the rationale for why that date was selected. This disclosure should alert all users of financial statements that an entity has not evaluated subsequent events after that date in the set of financial statements being presented. Codification Topic 855-10-50-1 requires additional disclosures only, and therefore did not have an impact on our financial condition, results of operations, earnings per share or cash flows. Public entities must evaluate subsequent events through the date that financial statements are issued. Accordingly, we have evaluated subsequent events through the time of filing on November 13, 2012, the date we have issued this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Product sales increased by approximately 7%, or $73,000, to $1,077,000 during the three-month period ended September 30, 2012 in comparison to $1,003,000 during the same period in 2011. Product sales increased by approximately 4%, or $162,000, to $3,969,000 during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012 in comparison to $3,807,000 during the same period in 2011. Sales during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012 included approximately $116,000 in sales of our bulk reagents used in a drinking water diagnostic test sold by others that did not occur during the same period during 2011. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012, domestic sales increased by approximately 1%, or $34,000, and international sales increased by 21%, or $129,000, in comparison to the same period in 2011. Product sales increased by approximately 7%, or $344,000, to $5,274,000 during the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2012, in comparison to $4,930,000 during the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2011.
Sales of our lead product, First DefenseÒ, increased by 2% during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012 and increased by 3% during the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2012, in comparison to the same periods ended in 2011. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012, domestic sales of First DefenseÒ increased by 1%, and international sales of First DefenseÒ increased by 6%, in comparison to the same period in 2011. With the exception of the anticipated decrease during the second quarter of 2012, we have realized consistently positive sales growth of First DefenseÒ for seven of the last eight quarters ending with, and including, the third quarter of 2012, as demonstrated below:
We believe that the long-term growth in sales of First DefenseÒ (despite the drop in the second quarter of 2012) may reflect, at least in part, the success of our strategic decision to invest in additional sales and marketing efforts. Our sales and marketing team currently consists of one director and two regional sales managers. We launched a new communications campaign at the end of 2010 that is highlighting how the unique ability of First DefenseÒ to provide Immediate ImmunityTM generates a dependable return on investment for producers. Effective for 2011 and 2012 (and renewable for 2013 and 2014 if certain sales growth objectives are met), we entered into a sales and marketing collaboration with Agri Laboratories Ltd. of St. Joseph, Missouri, (AgriLabsÒ), under which the AgriLabsÒ sales and marketing team is working with us to expand market demand for First DefenseÒ.
Competition for resources that dairy producers allocate to their calf enterprises has been increased by the many new products that have been introduced to the calf market. The weather during the 2012 spring calving season was extremely mild in North America. Warm and dry weather reduces the producer’s perception of the need for First DefenseÒ . The severe heat and drought conditions during the summer of 2012 in many key agricultural regions in the U.S. has caused a significant increase in the cost of feed that has offset some improvement in milk prices. The combination of mild weather during the 2012 calving season and the increasing cost of feed has created a very challenging environment in which to sell a disease prevention product. The animal health distribution segment has been aggressively consolidating over the last few years. Larger distributors have been acquiring smaller distributors. In an effort to maximize their efficiencies, one of our largest distributors has reduced warehouse locations by approximately 20%. This may have reduced the inventory of First DefenseÒ held at the distributor level, thereby reducing First DefenseÒ sales out our door. Although beef herd numbers are down currently because of drought conditions in many parts of the U.S., projections indicate 2012 could be another year of record high cattle and beef prices. This upswing would increase a producer’s likelihood to invest in First DefenseÒ for their calf crop. Even in this challenging market, First DefenseÒ continues to benefit from wide acceptance as an effective tool to prevent bovine enteritis (scours) in newborn calves. The third quarter of 2011 marked the 20th anniversary of the original USDA approval of this product in 1991. During the fourth quarter of 2011, we sold our 11,000,000th dose of First DefenseÒ . We believe that these milestones demonstrate the value of our technology and the long-term market acceptance of our product. Sales are normally seasonal, with higher sales expected during the first quarter. It is our production and customer service objective to ship orders within one day of receipt. We have been operating in accordance with this objective since the third quarter of 2009.
We are developing new product applications of our First Defense TechnologyTM, which is a unique whey protein concentrate that is purified utilizing our proprietary whey protein processing methods, for the nutritional and feed supplement markets without the claims of our USDA-licensed product. Through our First Defense TechnologyTM, we are selling whey concentrate globulin proteins in different formats. During the second quarter of 2011, we initiated sales of First Defense TechnologyTM in a bulk powder format (no capsule), which is delivered with a scoop and mixed with colostrum for feeding. During the first quarter of 2012, we initiated a limited launch of a tube delivery format of our First Defense TechnologyTM in a gel solution. Through two collaborations, we are working to expand sales of our First Defense TechnologyTM by accessing the U.S. feed market. During the first quarter of 2011, AgriLabsÒ launched commercial sales of their product, Colostrx®, a colostrum supplement with First Defense TechnologyTM Inside. During the fourth quarter of 2011, Milk Products, LLC of Chilton, Wisconsin launched commercial sales of their product, Ultra StartÒ 150 Plus, a colostrum replacer with First Defense TechnologyTM Inside.
The gross margin as a percentage of product sales was 58% and 52% during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The gross margin as a percentage of product sales was 58% and 55% during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The gross margin as a percentage of product sales was 57% and 54% during the twelve-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Our gross margin percentages were 55%, 52% and 53% for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Our objective is to maintain the full-year gross margin percentage over 50%, and we have achieved this objective during the periods being reported. We expect some fluctuations in gross margin percentages from quarter to quarter. We believe that a number of factors can cause our costs to be variable. Biological yields from the raw material used in the production of First DefenseÒ do fluctuate over time. Like most manufacturers in the U.S., we have been experiencing increases in the cost of raw materials that we purchase. Product mix also affects gross margin in that we earn a higher gross margin on First DefenseÒ and our bulk reagents used in a drinking water diagnostic test and a lower gross margin on Wipe OutÒ Dairy Wipes. We had held our selling prices without significant increase for approximately the seven-year period ended December 31, 2007, believing that we could benefit more from higher unit sales volume than through a higher average selling price per unit. During the first quarter of 2008, we implemented a modest increase to the selling price of First DefenseÒ and have held that selling price without increase since then. Changes in the gross margin on product sales are summarized in the following table for the respective periods:
In 1999, we shifted the primary focus of our product development efforts from human applications of our whey protein purification technology to scientifically-proven and practical products that result in a measurable economic impact on animal health and productivity in the dairy and beef industries. We expect to continue this strategic focus. As anticipated, we reduced product development expenses during the periods being reported primarily because we are spending less money on the development of Mast OutÒ with the significant clinical studies now largely complete. Product development expenses decreased by approximately 26%, or $80,000 to $224,000 during the three-month period ended September 30, 2012 in comparison to $304,000 during the same period in 2011. Product development expenses decreased by approximately 53%, or $766,000, to $683,000 during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012 in comparison to $1,449,000 during the same period in 2011. We spent approximately $1,720,000, $1,493,000 and $1,645,000 on product development activities during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.
Estimated to cost the U.S. dairy industry approximately $2 billion per year, mastitis (inflammation of the mammary gland) is the most costly and common disease affecting dairy cows. The disease diminishes the saleable quantity and overall value of milk, in addition to causing other herd health and productivity losses. Mast Out®, our lead product development initiative, is a Nisin-based intramammary treatment of subclinical mastitis (those cases where cows have infected udders, but still produce saleable milk) in lactating dairy cows. While the benefit of treating clinical mastitis (which results in abnormal milk that cannot be sold) is widely known, there is a growing awareness of the cascade of adverse events and conditions associated with subclinical mastitis, including reduced or foregone milk quality premiums, lower milk production, shorter shelf life for fluid milk, lower yields and less flavor for cheese, higher rates of clinical mastitis, increased abortions and increased cull rates. In the pivotal effectiveness study, Mast OutÒ treatment was associated with a statistically significant reduction in milk somatic cell count (SCC), which is an important measure of milk quality. Some industry experts have estimated that subclinical mastitis costs the U.S. dairy industry approximately $1 billion per year. Because milk from cows treated with traditional antibiotics must be discarded for a period of time during and after treatment due to concerns about antibiotic residue in the milk, currently it is not common practice to treat subclinical mastitis. Current intervention strategies for subclinical disease are considered inadequate and generally not cost-effective due to milk discard requirements. Mast Out® presents the option to treat such cases without a milk discard, which could revolutionize the way mastitis is managed in the industry. There is no other FDA-approved intramammary mastitis treatment product that has such a “zero discard” claim. Common milk discard periods cover the duration of treatment and extend from 36 to 96 hours after last treatment, depending on the antibiotic. On average, a cow produces approximately 80 pounds of milk per day. While milk prices vary significantly, at an average value of $15 per 100 pounds, a cow produces approximately $12 worth of milk per day. Milk discard costs, ranging from approximately $40 to $100 per treated animal, are a significant barrier to the routine treatment of subclinical mastitis. We believe Mast OutÒ could expand the subclinical mastitis treatment market niche largely because it would not be subject to this milk discard requirement.
In 2000, we acquired an exclusive license from Nutrition 21, Inc. (formerly Applied Microbiology Inc. or AMBI) to develop and market Nisin-based products for animal health applications, which allowed us to initiate the development of Mast OutÒ. In 2004, we paid Nutrition 21 approximately $965,000 to buy out this royalty and milestone-based license to Nisin, thereby acquiring control of the animal health applications of Nisin. Nisin, the same active ingredient contained in Wipe OutÒ Dairy Wipes, is an antibacterial peptide. Nisin is known to have activity against most gram positive and some gram negative bacteria. Nisin is a well characterized substance, having been used in food preservation applications for over 50 years. Food-grade Nisin, however, cannot be used in pharmaceutical applications because of its low purity. Our Nisin technology includes methods to achieve pharmaceutical-grade purity.
In 2004, we entered into a product development and marketing agreement with Pfizer Animal Health, a division of Pfizer, Inc., covering Mast OutÒ. Under that agreement (as amended and supplemented and later terminated), we received $2,375,000 in payments from Pfizer. Pfizer elected to terminate the agreement in 2007. Soon thereafter, Pfizer returned to us all rights, data, information, files, regulatory filings, materials and stocks of Nisin and Nisin producing cultures relating to the development of Mast Out Ò. We believe that Pfizer’s decision to terminate the agreement was not based on any unanticipated efficacy or regulatory issues. Rather, we believe Pfizer’s decision was primarily market driven, largely relating to their concern that the use of Mast OutÒ might require specific treatment restrictions at the herd level to avoid a potential problem using the milk from treated cows in the manufacture of certain dairy products.
Due to the zero milk discard feature, there is a risk that Nisin from milk of cows treated with Mast OutÒ could interfere with the manufacture of certain (but not all) commercial cultured dairy products, such as some kinds of cheese and yogurt, if a process tank contains milk from a high enough percentage of treated cows. We have conducted a formal risk assessment to quantify the impact that milk from treated cows may have on cultured dairy products. This study concluded that the dilution of milk from treated cows through comingling with milk from untreated cows during normal milk hauling and storage practices reduces the risk of interference with commercial dairy cultures to a negligible level when Mast OutÒ is used in accordance with the product label. This interference is more likely to cause a production delay in the culturing process than it is to terminate the process. Milk from treated cows that is sold exclusively for fluid milk products presents no such risk. Another market risk is that Mast OutÒ likely will be priced at a premium to the traditional antibiotic products currently on the market, which are all sold subject to a milk discard requirement. However, we believe that the product’s value proposition demonstrates a return on investment to the producer that will justify this premium.
Many fear that the possible overuse of antibiotics in livestock may undermine the effectiveness of drugs to combat human illnesses and may be a contributing factor to the rising problem of bacterial drug resistance. The FDA is committed to addressing this public health concern. For example, citing concerns about untreatable, life-threatening infections in humans, new FDA and European regulations are aimed at restricting the use of cephalosporins in food animals and at improving milk quality. New USDA regulations have been implemented to reduce the allowable level of somatic cell counts in milk to 400,000 at the farm level in order to qualify for an EU export certification. In late 2011, The Dutch Veterinary Society proposed strict guidelines for veterinary use of antibiotics in the EU. Additionally, regulators have recently increased their monitoring of antibiotic residues in milk and meat. This current environment could be favorable to the introduction of a new product such as Mast OutÒ as an alternative to traditional antibiotics. We continue to believe that this product opportunity justifies ongoing product development efforts necessary to commercialize the product.
Commercial introduction of Mast OutÒ in the United States is subject to approval of our New Animal Drug Application (NADA) by the Center for Veterinary Medicine, U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which approval cannot be assured. Foreign regulatory approvals would be required for sales in key markets outside of the United States and would involve some similar and some different requirements. In 2007, we began the production of pivotal batches of drug product to fulfill the regulatory requirements of effectiveness, stability, target animal safety and human food safety. The NADA is comprised of five principal Technical Sections subject to the FDA’s phased review of a NADA. By statute, each Technical Section submission is generally subject to a six-month review cycle by the FDA. The current status of our work on these Technical Sections is as follows:
1) Environmental Impact: During the third quarter of 2008, we received the Environmental Impact Technical Section Complete Letter from the FDA.
2) Target Animal Safety: During the second quarter of 2012, we received the Target Animal Safety Technical
3) Effectiveness: During the third quarter of 2012, we received the Effectiveness Technical Section Complete Letter from the FDA.
4) Human Food Safety (HFS): The HFS Technical Section submission was made during the fourth quarter of 2010. This Technical Section determines if a milk discard period or meat withhold period will be required. This Technical Section includes several subsections such as: a) toxicology, b) total metabolism, c) effects of drug residues in food on human intestinal microbiology, d) effects on bacteria of human health concern (antimicrobial resistance) and e) pivotal residue chemistry. During the second quarter of 2011, we announced that the FDA had accepted the subsections described above and granted Mast OutÒ a zero milk discard time and a zero meat withhold period. Before we can obtain the Technical Section Complete Letter, we must adapt our analytical method that measures Nisin residues in milk around the newly assigned tolerance limit and transfer that method to the FDA laboratory. We submitted the validated analytical method to the FDA during the fourth quarter of 2012 and anticipate receiving a Technical Section Complete Letter from the FDA by the first quarter of 2013.
5) Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls (CMC): During the fourth quarter of 2012, we withdrew our first submission to the FDA of the CMC Technical Section because of changes we have made to our regulatory filing and manufacturing strategies. We intend to make a revised first submission for a six-month review cycle by the FDA as soon as all of the relevant information is prepared. We are party to agreements with two manufacturers to produce inventory for us utilizing our proprietary technology and processes. First, a long-term, exclusive supply agreement with Plas-Pak Inc. of Norwich, Connecticut covers the proprietary syringe that was developed specifically for Mast OutÒ. These syringes were used for all pivotal studies of Mast OutÒ. Second, an exclusive Contract Manufacture Agreement with Norbrook Laboratories Limited of Newry, Northern Ireland, an FDA-approved drug product manufacturer, covers the formulation of the Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) into drug product, the sterile-fill of syringes and the final packaging. Norbrook provided these services for clinical material used in all pivotal studies of Mast OutÒ. During the fourth quarter of 2012, we expect to enter into a lease with respect to a facility in which we intend to install the equipment and infrastructure necessary to produce the API. This strategy allows us to move forward with the regulatory approval process without needing outside funding to construct a new facility and allows us to avoid the cost and time delay of constructing a new facility during the winter season. It also provides us with more control and flexibility with regards to production volumes and costs than would be possible if we relied on a contract manufacturer to produce the API for us. It is our objective to complete the necessary facility modifications and equipment installations over the next twelve to eighteen months. At that time, the site would be ready for the production of validation batches of API required for approval of the CMC Technical Section and for inspection by the FDA. This would complete the CMC Technical Section and make us eligible for a Technical Section Complete Letter from the FDA, after a six-month review cycle.
Obtaining FDA approval of the CMC Technical Section defines the critical path to the submission of the administrative NADA to the FDA and ultimately to commercial sales. After obtaining the final Technical Section Complete Letter and after preparing materials responsive to other administrative requirements, the administrative NADA submission can be assembled for review by the FDA. This final submission would be subject to a statutory sixty-day review period.
In addition to our work on Mast OutÒ, we are actively exploring further improvements, extensions or additions to our current product line. For example, we currently are developing treatments that could prevent calf scours (diarrhea) caused by enteric pathogens other than E. coli K99 and bovine coronavirus (the current disease claims for First Defense®). In connection with that effort, during the second quarter of 2009 we entered into an exclusive license with Baylor College of Medicine covering certain rotavirus vaccine technology. This perpetual license (if not terminated for cause) is subject to milestone and royalty payments. Results from pilot studies completed during the first quarter of 2009 justified continued product development. We completed a pivotal effectiveness study of this experimental formulation during the third quarter of 2011 without seeing the anticipated level of effectiveness needed for regulatory approval and market acceptance. We are currently conducting additional pilot studies of different formulations of this antibody preparation. If positive results from these pilot studies are achieved, a second pivotal effectiveness study could be initiated during the first half of 2013. During the third quarter of 2012, we entered into an exclusive option to a license with North Carolina State University covering certain recombinant Cryptosporidium parvum technology that may have utility in the development of a dry cow vaccine. As additional opportunities arise to commercialize our own technology, or licensable technology, we begin new development projects. While we continue to pursue internally funded product
development programs, we also remain interested in acquiring new products and technologies that fit with our sales and
During the three-month period ended September 30, 2012, administrative expenses increased by 7%, or $14,000 to $231,000 as compared to the same period in 2011. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012, administrative expenses increased by 8%, or $54,000, to $701,000 as compared to the same period in 2011. While we implement efficiencies where possible, we continue to incur costs associated with complying with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other costs associated with being a publicly-held company. At this stage in our development, we have limited our investment in investor relations spending. We provide a full disclosure of the status of our business and financial condition in three quarterly reports and one annual report each year, as well as Current Reports on Form 8-K when desired or deemed appropriate by management. Additional information about us is available in our annual Proxy Statement. All of these reports are filed with the SEC and are available on-line and upon request to the Company. At this time, our financial and time resources are committed principally to managing our commercial business and developing Mast OutÒ. Our Board of Directors is very involved with and supportive of this resource allocation. While this strategy of providing cost-effective investor relations through our SEC reporting is subject to change, we believe that this focus currently is in the best long-term interest of all stockholders.
During the three-month period ended September 30, 2012, sales and marketing expenses increased by 28%, or $55,000, to $253,000 in comparison to the same period in 2011, aggregating 23% and 20% of product sales during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012, sales and marketing expenses increased by 8%, or $53,000, to $687,000 in comparison to the same period in 2011, aggregating 17% of product sales during both the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011. This level of investment in 2012 and 2011 was expected and planned given our strategic decision to invest in additional sales and marketing efforts. This investment may have driven, at least in part, our recent increase in product sales. Our current budgetary objective is to maintain the ratio of product selling expenses to product sales below 20% for the full year 2012.
Our loss before income taxes was ($94,000) during the three-month period ended September 30, 2012 in comparison to a loss before income taxes of ($211,000) during the three-month period ended September 30, 2011. Our income tax benefit was (33%) and (39%) of our loss before income taxes during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Our net loss for the three-month period ended September 30, 2012 was ($64,000), or ($0.02) per share, in comparison to a net loss of ($128,000), or ($0.04) per share, during the three-month period ended September 30, 2011. Our income before income taxes was $203,000 during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012 in contrast to a loss before income taxes of ($699,000) during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2011. Our income tax expense (benefit) was 48% and (41%) of our income (loss) before income taxes during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Our net income for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012 was $106,000, or $0.03 per share, in contrast to a net loss of ($409,000), or ($0.14) per share, during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2011. The improved financial performance is principally due to planned reductions in product development expenses associated with our Mast Out® initiative, as well as increased gross margin for sales of First Defense® during both the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2012.
Since 1999, our strategy has been focused on selling and developing products that improve animal health and productivity in the dairy and beef industries. These product opportunities are generally less expensive to develop than the human health product opportunities that we had worked on during the 1990’s. We funded most of our product development expenses principally from product sales and were profitable for each of the nine years in the period ended December 31, 2007. During the nine years of profitability from 1999 through 2007, our cumulative investment in product development expenses of $9,894,000 was supported, in small part, by $975,000 in grant awards. The investment of an additional $6,604,000 in product development expenses during 2011, 2010, 2009 and 2008, together with an additional $683,000 during the first nine months of 2012, brings our cumulative investment to $17,182,000 during the 13.75-year period ended September 30, 2012.
Our strategic decision to continue developing Mast OutÒ after the product rights were returned to us in 2007 caused us to increase our spending on product development expenses that were previously funded by Pfizer from late 2004 to mid-2007. After the nine consecutive years of profitability that we recorded during the years ended December 31, 1999 to December 31, 2007, we incurred net losses of ($410,000), ($385,000), ($216,000) and ($469,000) during the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Resulting principally from increased gross margin from sales of First Defense® and reduced product development spending on Mast OutÒ, we returned to profitability during the first nine months of 2012. We believe that two important indicators that investors should watch going forward will be the gross margin on our product sales and our net operating income.
Prior to the fourth quarter of 2012, we had been estimating that it would require approximately $13,000,000 to complete the development of Mast OutÒ and bring the product to market, sales of which are subject to FDA approval. This investment budget was comprised of costs primarily related to the manufacture of full-scale validation batches and commercial inventory. In addition to the use of some of our cash, we had been seeking partner funding, debt issuance, equity financing and state and other financial incentives to support the investment required to manufacture the Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API). Absent such funding, we have not initiated the construction of our own API manufacturing facility as of this date. In light of the lack of satisfactory progress in our discussions with prospective commercialization partners, despite many months of effort, we changed our API manufacturing strategy during the fourth quarter of 2012. We have decided to seek a lease to an existing facility and have initiated the planning and engineering process to install the necessary equipment and infrastructure to produce the API in a facility to be leased by us. We estimate that this investment will aggregate approximately $6,000,000. Given the revised API production strategy, we currently have most of the capital required to execute the initial market launch of Mast Out® internally, and we expect that we can fill any financing deficit with a modest amount of debt if other more favorable sources of funds do not become available to us. We believe this more frugal commercialization strategy (leasing an existing facility rather than building a new one or relying on a contract manufacturer) improves our competitiveness and increases our opportunity for success. The large minimum production volumes and high cost imposed by a contract manufacturer and the size of the investment required to build a new facility dedicated to the production of the API for this one product have been impediments to closing a partner deal to date. However, we continue to believe that the appropriate marketing partner would maximize the commercial sales potential for the product, and we will continue to seek a partnership that would provide funding in return for marketing rights. The information that we have learned during negotiations with potential partners to date has increased our confidence in the likelihood of achieving FDA approval and in the potential value of the market opportunity for Mast Out®.
We had approximately $4,820,000 in available cash and short-term investments as of September 30, 2012. The table below summarizes the changes in selected, key balance sheet items (in thousands, except for percentages):
Net cash provided by operating activities amounted to $181,000 during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012 as compared to net cash used for operating activities of ($332,000) during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2011. Capital investments of $250,000 during the first nine months of 2012 compared to capital investments of $188,000 during the first nine months of 2011. During the third quarter of 2010, we agreed to terms of certain credit facilities with TD Bank, N.A. aggregating up to approximately $2,100,000, which are secured by substantially all of our assets. These credit facilities are comprised of a $1,000,000 ten-year mortgage loan, a $600,000 fifty-four month note and a $500,000 line of credit. Proceeds from the $1,000,000 mortgage were received during the third quarter of 2010. Proceeds from the $600,000 note were received during the first quarter of 2011. The $500,000 line of credit is available as needed.
We believe that we have sufficient capital resources to meet our working capital obligations and to finance our ongoing business operations during at least the next twelve months. We intend to continue pursuing the availability of debt issuance or equity financing on terms that are acceptable to us to supplement our product development initiatives.
As part of our sustained investment in compliance with cGMP regulations across our product lines and as we make other process improvements, we are investing in personnel, equipment and facility modifications to increase the efficiency and quality of our operations. Our Board of Directors authorizes the size of this investment in capital expenditures for facility modifications and production equipment. As of October 1, 2012, we had remaining available authorization to spend up to $83,000 on capital expenditures, which authorized amount is net of a $100,000 increase that was approved by our Board of Directors during the first quarter of 2012.
Our management, with the participation of the individual who serves as our principal executive and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2012. Based on this evaluation, that officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of that date. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
The individual who serves as our principal executive and principal financial officer periodically evaluates any change in internal control over financial reporting which has occurred during the prior fiscal quarter. Management has concluded that there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2012 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to: projections of future financial performance; future compliance with bank debt covenants; the scope and timing of future product development work and commercialization of our products; future costs of product development efforts; future sources of financial support for our product development, manufacturing and marketing efforts; the timing and outcome of pending or anticipated applications for future regulatory approvals; future regulatory requirements relating to our products; future realization of deferred tax assets; factors that may affect the dairy industry and future demand for our products; the accuracy of our understanding of our distributors’ ordering patterns; anticipated changes in our manufacturing capabilities and efficiencies; the amount and timing of future investments in facility modifications and production equipment or the availability and cost of alternative manufacturing and/or distribution resources; the future adequacy of our working capital and the availability of third party financing; timing and future costs of our self-sourcing facility to produce API for Mast Out®; future expense ratios; costs and timing associated with sustaining compliance with cGMP regulations in our current operations and attaining such compliance for our planned self-sourcing facility to produce API for Mast Out®; anticipated competitive and market conditions; and any other statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as “expects”, “may”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “would”, “could”, “should”, “will”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “targets” and similar words and expressions. In addition, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate, especially considering the effects the distress in credit and capital markets will have on our current and prospective customers and the global economy and the uncertainties surrounding the potential for a prolonged global recession. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties relating to difficulties or delays in development, testing, regulatory approval, production and marketing of our products, competition within our anticipated product markets, the uncertainties associated with product development, manufacturing reliance upon third parties for products and services, changes in laws and regulations, decision making by regulatory authorities, currency fluctuations and other risks detailed from time to time in filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and our Current Reports on Form 8-K. Such statements are based on our current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including the risk factors summarized below and uncertainties otherwise referred to in this Quarterly Report.
Projection of net income: After nine consecutive years of reporting net income, we reported a net loss for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010, 2009 and 2008, due in large part to our product development strategy. By reducing our investment in the development of Mast OutÒ, we were able to record net operating income of $233,000 and net income of $106,000 during the first nine months of 2012. We expect to record net income of approximately $175,000 for the year ending December 31, 2012. Generally speaking, our financial performance can differ significantly from management projections, due to numerous factors that are difficult to predict or that are beyond our control. Stronger than expected sales of First Defense®, for example, could increase our net income. Conversely, weaker than expected sales of First Defense® could lead to less profits. As we invest a significant amount of our capital in the Mast OutÒ development initiative, we anticipate replenishing our working capital over time from future profitability.
Reliance on sales of First Defense®: We are heavily reliant on the market acceptance of First Defense® to generate product sales and fund our operations. Our business would not have been profitable during either the nine consecutive years in the period ended December 31, 2007 or the nine-month period ended September 30, 2012, and our net losses would have been larger during the four years in the period ended December 31, 2011, without the gross margin that we earned from the sale of First Defense®.
Economics of the dairy industry: The U.S. dairy industry has been facing very difficult economic pressures. Sales of our products may be influenced by the prices of milk, milking cows and calves. The size (annual average) of the U.S. dairy herd ranged from approximately 9,011,000 to 9,199,000 cows from 1998 to 2007. This annual average jumped to 9,315,000 cows in 2008. The annual average then declined to 9,203,000 in 2009 and further to 9,119,000 in 2010 before increasing to 9,194,000 in 2011. The average herd size for the first nine months of 2012 increased to 9,242,000, but the average herd size for the third quarter of 2012 of 9,195,000 was more in line with the annual average for 2011. While the number of cows in the U.S. herd and the production of milk per cow directly influence the supply of milk to the market, demand for milk has been influenced by very volatile international demand for milk products. The Class III milk price is an industry benchmark that reflects the value of product used to make cheese. The Class III milk price (which is largely out of the direct control of individual dairy producers) is an important indicator because it defines our customers’ revenue level. The average Class III milk price for 2009 was $11.36, which represented a 35% decrease from 2008. The average price for 2009 was 36% lower than the average experienced during the two-year period ended December 31, 2008. For 2010, this price level averaged $14.41, which represented a 27% increase from 2009 but was well below the 2007 and 2008 levels. This price level averaged $18.37 for 2011, which represents a 27% increase from 2010. This average price level for 2011 was higher than the annual average reached in any of the past 30 years, but then it began to decline in 2012. For the third quarter of 2012, this price level averaged $17.80 compared to $20.71 for the third quarter of 2011. For the first nine months of 2012, this price level averaged $16.54 compared to $18.28 for the first nine months of 2011. The actual level of milk prices may be less important than their level relative to costs. The recent improvement in milk prices has been offset, in part, by higher feed costs. One measure of this relationship is known as the milk-to-feed price ratio, which represents the amount of feed that one pound of milk can buy. Whenever this ratio meets or exceeds 3.0, it is considered profitable to buy feed and produce milk. For 2009, this ratio averaged 1.78, representing a 12% decrease compared to 2008. For 2010, this ratio averaged 2.26, representing a 27% increase compared to 2009. For 2011, this ratio averaged approximately 1.88 representing a 17% decrease compared to 2010. For the third quarter of 2012, this ratio averaged approximately 1.39, and for the first nine months of 2012, this ratio averaged approximately 1.45, which represents record lows since the ratio was first recorded in 1985. This means that a dairy producer can buy only 1.45 pounds of feed for every pound of milk sold. An increase in feed costs also has a negative impact on the beef industry. Ongoing widespread severe drought conditions in key U.S. agricultural regions have driven feed costs higher. Another indication of the economic condition of the dairy industry is the average price for animals sold for dairy herd replacement. In 2009, this average price (reported as of January, April, July and October) was estimated to be approximately $1,385, which was a 29% decrease in comparison to the same period in 2008. This price averaged approximately $1,330 in 2010, which represented a 4% decrease in comparison to the same period in 2009. This price averaged approximately $1,420 in 2011, which represents a 7% increase in comparison to the same period in 2010. This price averaged approximately $1,428 in 2012, which represents a 1% increase in comparison to the same period in 2011. The dairy industry data referred to above is compiled from USDA databases. Another factor in the demand for our product is the decline in the value of bull calves. We are trying to maintain and grow our sales for use with heifer calves to offset what we assume is a significant decrease in the use of our product for bull calves. Given our focus on the dairy and beef industries, the financial insecurity of our primary customer base is a risk to our ability to maintain and grow sales at a profitable level. Further, the loss of farms from which we buy raw material for First Defense® could make it difficult for us to produce enough inventory until supply agreements are reached with replacement farms on suitable terms.
Product development risks: The development of new products is subject to financial, scientific, regulatory and market risks. Our current business growth strategy relies heavily on the development of Mast OutÒ which requires (and will continue to require) a substantial investment. Our new self-sourcing strategy for the production of API for Mast OutÒ in a facility to be leased by us carries a substantial amount of risk. Absent outside funding, we will invest a substantial amount of our capital into this initiative. Our efforts will be subject to inspection and approval by the FDA. There is no assurance whether or when we will obtain all of the data necessary to support regulatory approval for this product.
Risks associated with Mast OutÒ funding strategy: Completing the development of Mast OutÒ through to the submission of the administrative NADA to the FDA involves a great deal of risk. We may not be able to obtain financing to fund the completion of this product development effort on terms acceptable to us. We estimate that our new strategy to produce the API for Mast OutÒ in a leased facility will significantly reduce the amount of this investment. We are evaluating alternative financial strategies in order to gain NADA approval and to support the product launch.
Regulatory requirements for Mast OutÒ: The commercial introduction of Mast OutÒ in the United States will require us to obtain appropriate FDA approval for this product. It presently is uncertain whether or when this approval will be achieved. We are exposed to additional regulatory compliance risks through the subcontractors that we choose to work with to produce Mast OutÒ, who also need to satisfy certain regulatory requirements in order to provide us with the products and services we need. International regulatory approvals would be required for sales outside of the United States. European regulatory authorities are not expected to approve a product with a zero milk discard claim, which would remove a significant competitive advantage of Mast OutÒ in that territory. However, the milk discard period may be shorter for Mast OutÒ than it is for other products on the market.
Uncertainty of market estimates: Even assuming that Mast OutÒ achieves regulatory approval in the United States with a zero milk discard requirement, estimating the size of the market for this product is subject to numerous uncertainties. Some of the uncertainties surrounding our product include the development of the subclinical mastitis treatment market, coverage of relevant pathogens, selling price and its effect on market penetration, cost of manufacture, integration of milk from treated cows into cheese starter cultures and market acceptance.
Small size: We are a small company with 26 full-time and 3 part-time employees. As such, we rely on certain key employees to support different operational functions, with limited redundancy in capacity. The loss of any of these key employees could adversely affect our operations until a qualified replacement is hired and trained. The market for the treatment of mastitis in dairy cows is highly competitive, and presently is dominated by large companies such as Pfizer, Merck and Boehringer Ingelheim. There is no assurance that Mast OutÒ will compete successfully in this market.
Access to raw materials: Our policy is to maintain more than one source of supply for the components used to manufacture and test our products. However, there is a risk that we could have difficulty in efficiently acquiring essential supplies. We are dependent on our manufacturing operations and facility at 56 Evergreen Drive in Portland, Maine for the production of First DefenseÒ and Wipe OutÒ Dairy Wipes. The specific antibodies that we purify for First DefenseÒ and the Nisin we produce by fermentation for Wipe OutÒ Dairy Wipes are not readily available from other sources. We expect to be dependent on Plas-Pak and Norbrook for the manufacture of Mast OutÒ if that product proceeds to commercialization. Any significant damage to or other disruption in the services at these facilities could adversely affect the production of inventory and result in significant added expenses and loss of sales.
Exhibit 31 Certifications required by Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Exhibit 32 Certification required by Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
Bring your attention to whether you are multi-tasking right now? How many opportunities do you allow yourself to single-task? Bring your attention to the task at hand and release your thoughts and worries about what else needs to be done. Free yourself to be here now.
Disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, floods and storms can strike at any time, sometimes without warning. All disasters have the potential to cause disruption, damage property and take lives.
The information in this website will help you learn about the disasters that can affect you and what you can do to be prepared before they happen. And knowing what to do during and after these disasters will also help you and your loved ones keep safe and get through.
Buy Facebook Video Views – Promoting your business using the online media is easier now than ever. You can use a lot of platforms, website or services that will make you gain lots of new customers daily. One of the most used online media websites is Facebook. Facebook is more than a socializing website, it’s a very powerful platform used for advertising and marketing campaigns. It has a large visibility because the user can access the information all over the world with a very small effort.
If you don’t have a Facebook fan page for your company, you should create one immediately, otherwise you risk losing a big number of potential clients. A good way to promote your business services or your company products is to create Facebook videos. It is easy to create and to edit the videos, but in the same time it’s very efficient because you can show to your fans what you have to offer in a 10 seconds presentation. The number of Facebook video views is very important because it shows you how much interest presents your video to your fans or followers. You can invest more time and effort on this part of your Facebook fan page if people are interested on your video presentations. A bigger number of Facebook video views mean a bigger number of followers who find easy to watch your videos that present your company, products or services.
You can Buy Facebook video views which will increase the confidence in your business. If the number of video views is big, the fans will know that a lot of people found your videos interesting and invested their free time to watch your presentations. With a small effort and a small time and money investment you have the chance to promote your products or services in a professional style, exactly as big companies do. Buy Facebook video views to gain more and more clients daily, clients that can see your advertisement and your marketing campaigns from anywhere on World.
We can offer you those services, and we have special packs of Facebook video views for each client. We can guarantee the high quality of our services: over 35000 clients said that they’re very satisfied after trying our services. In case that you’re not satisfied, we can offer you a full refund. Buy Facebook video views from us and the fast results will appear sooner than you’ve ever imagined.
Big chance increase your Facebook Video Views, which will quickly make you, your business or brand famous.
Getyoutubeservicees.com is give the social media services and the most reliable prices and offering high quality services for many social media marketing platforms like YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, Soundcloud. We are catering our services in this social media industry for the past 5 years. We believe in quality service along with best customer support.
I would love to use your images on homemade cards. Do you sell digital images for this use? Please let me know!
947 bus time schedule overview: Normally starts operating at 6:05 AM and ends at 8:40 PM. Normal operating days: weekdays.
Choose any of the 947 bus stops below to find updated real-time schedules and to see their route map.
1664 drug information handbook for dentistry by wynn richard l phd published by lexi comp 19th nineteenth edition 2013 paperback DOC
1682 the consultants guide to success with 360 degree feedback how to design and deliver bespoke 360 degree feedback that your clients will love DOC
1686 who deliberates mass media in modern democracy american politics and political economy series DOC
1688 twenty third report of session 2012 13 drawing special attention to nuclear decommissioning and waste handling finance and fees regulations 2013 si 2013126 house of lords paper 164 hl paper DOC
1689 become a private tutor how to start and build a profitable and successful tutoring business DOC
1701 why we suck a feel good guide to staying fat loud lazy and stupid abridged 4 cd set audio cdaudio book DOC
1702 amazon traffic magnet quick start guide the internet marketing book for small business to attract massive targeted traffic to your business DOC
1726 writing science fiction fantasy and horror how to create successful work for publication how to books midpoint DOC
1733 dodge dakota pick ups automotive repair manual models covered dodge dakota models 1987 through 1996 DOC
1739 a theology of luke and acts gods promised program realized for all nations biblical theology of the new testament DOC
1763 the anxious girls guide to dating how to find romance while also being really really nervous DOC
1764 financial regulation and compliance how to manage competing and overlapping regulatory oversight DOC
1765 to play the king the explosive political thriller that inspired the hit netflix series house of cards DOC
1781 sampler elly pears fast days and feast days tips and recipes to reset your diet for the new year DOC
1817 pressure cooker for beginners cookbook for busy people with quick simple and delicious recipes DOC
1824 mass customization challenges and solutions international series in operations research management science DOC
1836 satisfied customers tell three friends angry customers tell 3 000 running a business in todays consumer driven DOC
Additional information: 947 has 29 stops and the total trip duration for this route is approximately 139 minutes.
On the go? See why over 250 million users trust Moovit as the best public transit app. Moovit gives you אגד (Egged) suggested routes, real-time bus tracker, live directions, line route maps in Israel, and helps to find the closest 947 bus stops near you. No internet available? Download an offline PDF map and bus schedule for the 947 bus to take on your trip.
1849 diet box set recipes and weight loss plans from atkins paleo and bulletproof diet low carb and gluten free DOC
1855 passive and active filters theory and implementations by chen wai fah author feb 18 1986 paperback DOC
1857 7 deadly sins designers should avoid a guide to building a successful and profitable design business DOC
1888 indoor gardening for beginners how to grow beautiful plants herbs and vegetables in your house DOC
1891 the portal to lean production principles and practices for doing more with less resource management DOC
1892 crawling across broken glass how one woman fought gender discrimination beat the odds and won DOC
1893 international company taxation an introduction to the legal and economic principles springer texts in business and economics DOC
1941 pearson literature beginning mid and end of year tests with assessment roadmap california edition grade 10 common core DOC
1947 handbook of public policy analysis theory politics and methods public administration and public policy DOC
1965 an embassy to china being the journal kept by lord macartney during his embassy to the emperor chien lung 1793 1794 DOC
1972 engineering drawing and design 7th edition by jensen cecil helsel jay short dennis 2007 hardcover DOC
1973 chinese capitalisms historical emergence and political implications international political economy series DOC
1976 backroads and byways of hawaii drives day trips and weekend excursions backroads and byways DOC
1981 rats mice and dormice as pets the complete owners guide care health keeping raising training food costs where to buy breeding and much more all included DOC
2079 three points of contact a motivational speakers inspirational methods of success from homeless teen through cancer DOC
2095 hoping to help the promises and pitfalls of global health volunteering culture and politics of health care work DOC
2110 add adhd behavior change resource kit ready to use strategies and activities for helping children with attention deficit disorder DOC
2157 william yeoward at home elegant living and entertaining in town and country hardback common DOC
2160 twenty years of studying democratization vol 1 democratic transition and consolidation democratization special issues DOC
2165 democracy and political culture in eastern europe routledge research in comparative politics DOC
2171 married to distraction how to restore intimacy and strengthen your partnership in an age of interruption DOC
2186 technology innovation and southern industrialization from the antebellum era to the computer age author susanna delfino aug 2008 DOC
2222 28 new sat math lessons to improve your score in one month advanced course for students currently scoring above 600 in sat math and want to score 800 DOC
2238 extra practice math centers addition subtraction more dozens of highly engaging story problem mats puzzles and board and card games teacher created and student tested DOC
2284 value at risk and bank capital management risk adjusted performances capital management and capital allocation decision making academic press advanced finance DOC
2306 european and turkish voices in favour and against turkish accession to the european union cit europ enne european policy DOC
2327 customer lessons for product managers techniques for product managers to better understand what their customers really want DOC
2343 the sociology of the artist in the postmodern era pride and uncertainty development in humanities DOC
2344 the mediterranean diet 101 delicious low fat soup salad main dish breakfast and dessert recipes for better health and natural weight loss healthy weight loss diets book 2 DOC
2376 the feminist companion to literature in english woman writers from the middle ages to the present DOC
2409 the female poets of great britain contains the choicest poems of female poets from the time of lady juliana berners to the present day DOC
2425 buying and selling information a guide for information professionals and salespeople to build mutual success DOC
2435 the art of hackamore training a time honored step in the bridle horse tradition paperback common DOC
2442 scars if you love to travel in your mind to other places other times learn amazing things and imagine a better DOC
2461 small business management entrepreneurship and beyond small business management entrepreneurship and beyond DOC
November 11, 2010 – At 6-foot-2 and 205 pounds, Jonesboro-Hodge senior Joseph Leonard is well on his way to developing a college football physique.
Holding his own in the weightroom as well – benching 290, squatting, 330 and power cleaning 220 while running a 4.56 forty – the defensive end turned linebacker said his defensive hybrid style is modeled after two NFL greats.
“Ray Lewis from a linebacker standpoint, and Dwight Freeney as defensive end,” Leonard said. “[I like] the power, the speed and the love of the game that they have.”
Not only is Leonard flexible on the football field, but he can also take his talents to the court, where he plays center for his Tigers, helping lead them to the state finals last season.
While Leonard was moved to strongside linebacker this season from defensive end, he is likely being recruited as an end, and named a few colleges that are on his radar.
The list consisted of McNeese, Grambling, Louisiana Tech, and Leonard said he is “still pretty open between these three.”
“Well Tech has a really close, on-hand type coaching staff. They’ll really work with you,” he said. “With Grambling, I grew up around there so I practically knew all those coaches because I had cousins that played for them and have been around there for pretty long.”
Leonard went on to say he has not yet visited McNeese, but likes the coaches and the team from what he has seen.
Despite his Tigers 2-8 record, Leonard said he can still get pumped up week after week. The biggest three games for the young talent were Winnfield, Lake Providence and Farmerville – all rival schools, according to Leonard.
“[Lake Providence] is another big rival,” said the long time Dallas Cowboys fan. “They had a quarterback that was averaging 320 on the ground rushing. It amped me up that we had to stop them and we did – we held him to 40 yards total rushing.”
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009
Welcome to you if you are a new visitor, and thanks so much for returning if you are one of our long time followers. We strive to bring you the best in reporting coverage from Louisiana high school football talent across the state, and nearby states as well on occasion. We cover all levels of play and look for those that are likely to take it to the next level and have a college career.
Each year we produce a Season Preview magazine that gives comprehensive coverage of the upcoming high school season along with detailed stats, rosters and more. You can find the current season, upcoming season, and some past season issue in our online shop.
Limited company of beer of 1000 islands lake founds Hangzhou in September 1985, already formed now it is headquarters with Hangzhou, produce base for two with lake of Fen mouth, 1000 islands, have 250 thousand kiloliter the large beer company of actual productivity.
The company relies on the resource advantage with 1000 islands distinct lake, of image of brand of elaborate brew high end low beer of series of lake of degree of Dan Shuang 1000 islands. Introduce advanced brew equipment, practice automation control, assured beer mouthfeel constant, pure and fresh tastily. In orgnaization of Chinese beer majesty---Market of branch of beer of association of Chinese brew industry selectives examination private mark assess, 70 national beer commissioners are recommended consistently for " national level is high grade beer " and " countrywide wine kind sincere letter recommends product quality safety brand " . Be maintained to be by center of development of Chinese green food " green food " , brand of beer of 1000 islands lake is had the honor to win " Zhejiang saves famous label " , the company crosses Zhejiang to save optimal economic benefits, industry rank of business of industry of optimal economic benefits, passed ISO9001-2000, ISO14001 and cleanness produce attestation. Sale market enclothes each big province city such as Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Fujian, Anhui, sale is annual 30% above extent increases by degrees, the product gets of market favour and consumer reputably.
Hyundai Motor has decided to invest another 250 million dollars in Grab, to which it will also sell a fleet of electric vehicles.
As part of a broader strategic partnership between the two companies, Hyundai will launch a pilot project of electric vehicles offered to consumers (in a ride-hailing mode with Grab in Singapore next year) and collect consumer data and vehicles, for a possible future expansion of the service in other countries of Southeast Asia such as Vietnam and Thailand.
The partnership will also work with regional stakeholders, including governments and local mobility actors to improve the EV infrastructure in the region, such as building a network of fast-charging stations and exploring how to develop customized maintenance packages for the drivers of Grab's electric vehicles, conducting research on the way in which the EV can be used more efficiently in Southeast Asia in hot and humid climatic conditions.
For Grab, which for the first time will buy a fleet of electric vehicles from a car company, Hyundai's new investment brings the total fund-raising to 2.7 billion dollars and puts it on the right track to reach the 3 billion expected within the end of this year.
Solar photovoltaic technology can provide clean, emissionless energy for your home or business. With our expertise in custom mechanical design and the use of high quality components, we install solar PV systems that are built to last.
There's no more readily available resource than heat from the sun. Use it for your domestic hot water, to warm your pool, or to make your home more comfortable.
We take pride in the quality of our mechanical systems. Our full-service commercial plumbing and heating products are backed by two of the industry's finest companies, Trane and Viessmann.
Magnum Mechanical provides full-service plumbing, heating, ventilation and air conditioning services to commercial customers in Alberta.
Lip Savvy is founded by Deidra Whatley, a singer who was traveling around the United States, trying out every piece of makeup and lip gloss you can imagine to find the perfect one. When her makeup bag weighed as much as her musical equipment, she realized if she was going to find the perfect lip gloss, she would have to make it herself. Lip Savvy was born, and her mission is to create efficient, easy-to-use, multi-tasking, fashion-forward lip gloss that embodies the best age-defying technology available today.
Lip Savvy comes in a variety of designs and 22 shades in two different textures to flatter any skin tone. These lip glosses come in two formula’s: ColorGlam (12 colors), which offers a matte, creamy finish to your lips, and Star Studded Shine (10 colors), which radiate with intense sparkle and multi-dimensional shine. OMG is part of the Star Studded Shine collection, offering gorgeous sparkling pink color
My favorite part about the line? The animal print packaging is adorable. Each gloss is packed in a super saavy tube, perfect to fit in your pocket or your handbag. I tried out Star Studded Shine Sho Bunny, which is a sheer pink with micro glitter specks. It's a thick formula, but not tacky or sticky. It tastes like bubblegum which I love, because I can't stop licking it off my lips. The color payout is good, because it leaves your lips looking natural, yet shiny.
The picture brings out the glitter much more then in person, but this lipgloss reminds me a lot of the Stila lip glaze, maybe because of the twist brush applicator. I like that the gloss glides on and isn't as sticky as Stila though, and it stays on your lips for a good hour-hour and a half which is rather good for this type of lip gloss. But I am considering the fact that the taste is so delicious, I can't stop licking it off! Did I mention Lip Savvy Star Studded Shine also gives you a plumping effect? The moisture and the gloss combined automatically give your lips a fuller look. Another plus.
I'm loving that Lip Savvy plans to put out a new gloss design each season inspired from the runway, pop culture and the beauty of nature. Savvy Lip is now available at BeLipSavvy.com and at JeaneCosmetics.com for only $20.00 each
Disclosure: A press sample was sent to me for consideration from PR for the purpose of this review. All opinions are my own. No monetary compensation was received.
Excellent and very cool idea and the subject at the top of magnificence and I am happy to comment on this topic through which we address the idea of positive reaction and successful either on the subject as well and ask the subject of a successful.
Where there used to be the cellars of the Palace, now there is a fine dining room, which even during the hottest summer days, keeps a nice, natural coolness that sets the right mood to enjoy the the tasty flavors of the local cooking traditions.
We only use meats of our cattle that freely grazes on our pasture; pecorino and ricotta cheese made out of their milk; trouts bred in natural spring water, salamis produced according to the traditional "norcina" way. Truffles, mushrooms, Castelluccio lentils, together with spelt, wheat used yet by the ancient Romans and still grown on our mounts, merge our cooking traditions with the land that surrounds us.
Inside our restaurant with the all-new Pizzeria recently opened to enjoy delicious pizzas with a thousand flavors and tastes!
Mahaweli Tours & Holidays (Pvt) Ltd commenced it’s operation year 2009 in Kandy, the Hill Capital of Sri Lanka to cater the growing needs of transport & tour requirements in the region.
keywords: information literacy, king saud university, king abdulaziz university, imam muhammad bin saud.
title = {BLENDED LEARNING PRACTICES AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF SELF-REGULATED LEARNING: USING ATR CALL TO HELP STUDENTS PREPARE FOR TOEIC TESTS},
http://ezproxy.villanova.edu/login?URL=http://gateway.proquest.com/openurl?ctx_ver=Z39.88-2003&res_id=xri:eebo&rft_val_fmt=&rft_id=xri:eebo:image:177062
A rich cabinet, with variety of inventions; unlock'd and opened, for the recreation of ingenious spirits at their vacant houres Being receits and conceits of severall natures, and fit for those who are lovers of naturall and artificiall conclusions. Whereunto is added variety of recreative fire-works, both for land, aire, and water. Also fire works of service, for sea and shore, very fitting for these warlike times of action. Collected by J.W. a lover of artificiall conclusions.
A short treatise of geometrie: in which are contained sundry definitions and problemes, for the mensuration of superficies and solids, as also the use of the quadrat and quadrant in measuring of altitudes, latitudes and profundities, with sundry mechanicall wayes for performing the same. : Vnto which are adjoyned certaine tables, wherein the square root is extracted to 25000, and the cubick root to 10000 latus, only by ocular inspection. /
The compleat canonier: or, The gunners guide. Wherein are set forth exactly the chief grounds and principals of the whole art, in a very brief and compendious form, never by any set forth in the like nature before. With divers excellent conclusions, both arithmetical and geometrical belonging thereunto: as also sundry serviceable fire-works both for sea and land service ... /
The compleat canonier: or, The gunners guide Wherein are set forth exactly the chief grounds and principals of the whole art, in a very brief and compendious form, never by any set forth in the like nature before. With divers excellent conclusions, both arithmetical and geometrical belonging thereunto: as also sundry serviceable fire-works, both for sea and land service. A study delightfull and very usefull for men of the best quality, and imbrac'd by the greatest princes. Written by John Roberts of Weston near Bath, Gentleman, practitioner and professor in the art thereof.
Directions Privacy & Security Diversity Higher Education Act MY NOVA Villanova A-Z Directory Work at Villanova Accessibility
My younger professional women friends urged me to read Lean In, by Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg. I hadn’t planned to read it, since at 71 I’m past climbing any ladders, and since the media deluge left ...
In Sexy Feminism (Mariner/Houghton Mifflin Harcourt), SexyFeminist.com co-founders Jennifer Keishin Armstrong and Heather Wood Rudulph offer simple ways for busy, young women to improve every aspect of their own lives by following feminist principles. With dozens ...
Cynthia Eagle Russett, a historian whose best-known book explored attempts by Victorian thinkers to scientifically “prove” women’s inferiority, died on Dec. 5 in New Haven. She was 76. The cause was multiple myeloma, according to ...
The Volunteer Expo, happening on February 3, 2018, will celebrate and connect organizations and individuals who make a difference in our community.
Modeled after a job fair, the Volunteer Expo is an opportunity for residents of Western North Carolina to learn about local nonprofits, their volunteer needs, and other ways to support these organizations. To make this event a success, the League is pleased to partner with over 50 local nonprofits, including organizations that specialize in addressing health, poverty, legal aid, environmental stewardship, women’s issues, arts, civic leadership, technology, education, and animal welfare.
In addition to learning about local nonprofit organizations and exploring volunteer opportunities with these organizations, Volunteer Expo attendees can attend four educational panels centered around the theme, “How Do You Serve?” The panels will provide insight into direct, government and board service.
Local nonprofits are an incredible asset to our community and are responsible for much of Buncombe County’s progress. We believe that the Volunteer Expo will be a great opportunity for Western North Carolina residents to connect with outstanding nonprofit organizations, learn about what they are doing, and how they can contribute (time, talent, or treasure).
Prior to the Expo, community members are invited to celebrate the League’s 90th Anniversary and meet leaders of local nonprofit organizations. Our Cheers to Volunteers Reception and Silent Auction will be held from 6:00-10:00 pm at Wedge Foundation on February 2, 2018. At Cheers to Volunteers and the Expo, you can learn about our League’s 90 years of impact and our continued work to develop women as leaders through service and build a better community.
We hope this will become an annual event! We will evaluate the event’s success after our inaugural event and make a determination about its future.
There are four sessions each lasting about one hour. The first session begins at 10:30am followed by 12:00pm, 1:30pm and 3:00pm.
The educational sessions are located down the hall from the Expo Center near the main lobby of the Crowne Plaza Hotel in one of the conference rooms. Signage will point the way from the Expo Center to the educational sessions.
Continuing their mission of training volunteers, the Junior League of Asheville will host four speaking panels at the Volunteer Expo that are centered around the theme, ‘How do you serve?’ Panelists will address direct, government and board service, as well as financial management of nonprofits.
Members of state and local government will speak on topics including how to run for office, how to volunteer for a political campaign, how to advocate for and stay current of changes in government law and policy. This session will be introduced by North Carolina’s First Lady, Kristin Cooper.
This expert-led panel will share insights into the management of nonprofit funding as well as fundraising, sponsorship, and grant writing. Panelists will share advice on how to use financial resources wisely. This panel discussion will include information for both established nonprofits and individuals looking to start a new nonprofit organization.
Panel Speakers: Ashly Maag, Manages partnerships and investments of Mission Health, Leslie Anderson, Consultant and WNC Nonprofit Pathways, Cindy McMahon, WNC Nonprofit Pathways and Jim Barrett, Executive Director at Pisgah Legal Services.
Are you interested in volunteering your time to directly support nonprofit programs? This group of nonprofit professionals will be sharing insights into how to find the best volunteering opportunity for you. Come and hear their advice on how to match your talents, interests and time with nonprofits in need of volunteers to help you maximize your positive impact in the Asheville community.
Have you considered serving on a nonprofit Board of Directors? How do you get started? What are the qualifications? What are the benefits? This panel of knowledgeable professionals will discuss ways to identify and be considered for Board positions as well as benefits of Board service.
Parking is available in the parking lot to the left of the Crowne Plaza Expo Center. There will also be overflow parking in the grass—parking attendents will direct you. Additional overflow parking will be located in the Sam’s Club parking lot and a free shuttle will take you to the door of the Expo Center.
The Junior League of Asheville, Inc. is an organization of women committed to promoting voluntarism, developing the potential of women, and improving our community through the effective action and leadership of trained volunteers. Its purpose is exclusively educational and charitable. For over 90 years, members of the Junior League of Asheville, Inc. have worked to improve our community. The Volunteer Expo is one current way we are seeking to address a need in our community. The Asheville area has many wonderful volunteer organizations, but it is hard for community members to understand all of their options unless they do a lot of research on their own. We hope the Volunteer Expo will help with the first step of educating oneself about the volunteer opportunities available in our area by providing direct access to local organizations.
The Junior League of Asheville, Inc. (JLA) is planning its inaugural Volunteer Expo, which will be held at the Crowne Plaza Expo Center on Saturday, February 3rd, 2018 from 10am to 4pm and is open to the public. Modeled after a job fair, this free event will feature more than 50 local nonprofits who are looking to fill ongoing and future volunteer needs. Nonprofits in almost every area of community concern will be present at the event: health, poverty, legal aid, environmental stewardship, women’s issues, arts, civic leadership, technology, education and animal welfare.
The Junior League of Asheville, Inc. is an organization of women committed to promoting voluntarism, developing the potential of women, and improving our community through the effective action and leadership of trained volunteers. Its purpose is exclusively educational and charitable.
Human evolution traces this evolutionary history from non-human apes to technological man. Unsigned. com is a website for unsigned artists and bands to host their mp3s and get exposure. We showcase unsigned artists, independent labels. Download mp3s for free. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. There are so many shades in life as one travels lifes sexual journey. One such shade is in entering the Submissive and BDSM culture. It is a culture rich in new. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in. Good Generic Example 2. Hey there. I cant guarantee you that we already have a lot in common but if you read on and find out we do dating sites in india delhi should message me. The ex-wife of Orlando mass killer Omar Mateen claimed Monday that she believed he was dating sites in india delhi - as it was revealed that he frequented the gay nightclub. Watch Black Cum on White Milf Ass in Tattoo Parlor Orgy online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn is the biggest Amateur porn video site matchmaking joindota the hottest group movies. Line Heaters. Lineheaters, or indirect heaters are typically a glycol bath with boca raton dating firetube and a coil, indirectly heated by the bath. Shells are dating sites in india delhi in stock. Jul 22, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Is dating a friends ex okay. What is the dating online portal kostenlos code rules. Should you dating sites bosnia your best friends ex boyfriend. Dating sites in india delhi is Dating online is. Founded in 2002 buy dating site online Nobel Laureate Carl Wieman, the PhET Interactive Simulations project at the University khalid khan online dating Colorado Boulder creates free. Job Interview Practice Test Why Do You Want This Job. Answer this job interview question to determine if you are prepared for a successful job interview Sep 07, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Swimming pool repairs in Las Vegas Vacuum your pool - how to bleed air out of vacuum hose. Visit My Website For More DIY Pool Tips-http:www. LucysPools. Sheng nu (; sh232;ngnǚ; common translation: quot;leftover womenquot; or quot;leftover ladiesquot;) is a derogatory term made popular by the All-China Women's Federation that. Felicity Dream is a fanfiction author that has written 113 stories for Harry Potter, Dragon Ball Z, Codename: Kids Next Door, Sailor Moon X-overs, Yami no Matsuei. There is a good chance you will want to be hard on yourself when after five or ten attempts at contacting people you've had no responses. Before you label He Wants A Relationship Right Away: Big relationship red flag.
Moody. Impulsive. Maddening. Why do teenagers act the way they do. Viewed through the eyes of evolution, their most exasperating traits may be the key to success as. BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE CHRISTIAN DATING SITES. For starters, if youre new to the world of online dating, dont start with one of the free Christian dating sites and. How do you move from casual dating to serious relationship. I answer your dating Dating sites in india delhi, and explain exactly how to turn your casual fling into a serious thing Hot spots Hot spots Hot spots Deli spots.
1 titan watch indka number; 2 raymond weil watch glass 2017-2018 Ariel Rebel in some sheer lingerie playing with awkward stars dating favorite black sparkle vibrator. And that's exactly what I'm going to show you pasta speed dating this post.
Dating sites in india delhi going to reveal the most popular Tinder users rabbit gay dating the world - the top 1 - and the pictures t sitees of the Best Workout DVDs for Getting in Shape. They're a fitness dating girlfriend for 2 months and a personal training session in one.
Watch breaking news videos, zites videos and original video clips on CNN. com. Best Senior Dating Sites gay dating south korea 2017 Reviews. Our experts have reviewed the most popular online dating sites lndia seniors (age 50 and up) and ranked them based on size. NOTE: We are re-posting this article on Warning Signs Blames You for HisHer Anger to allow you to read some sitss the excellent comments weve received from those.
Porn reviews are a great alternative way to spend your nights. They are not a task you should turn to when you have no plans for the night, but an activity you should. 9 Strange Stories That Might Make You Believe In Parallel Universes What if you found yourself in a parallel dimension. In Numerology the Delgi life and relationships in love making are affected by number under which someone is born. Lovers life can be revealed by numbers.
Why Economictimes QnA Ask. Learn. Share. Sittes you can Ask a question, Answer a question or even Debate an answer. It is the place to exchange knowledge nuggets with a. View pictures of the hottest celebrity bodies, and keep up with the latest trends in celebrity workouts, diets, and fitness on Us Weekly. The largest video chat room community. Explore thousands of free online video chat rooms and meet millions of friendly members worldwide.
Welcome on Gleeden. com, the 1 dating site for married people. Whether you are siges for an affair in your area or a lover miles away dating sites in india delhi you while dating sites in india delhi a trip. Gold and lead are dating sites in india delhi forged in supernovae and are but a few subatomic dating in david panama apart in the periodic table.
So why is there so much more of one than the other. Free online sitees service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles 40 dating a 25 year old registration. Prior to 1905 the best and most accepted age of dating sites in india delhi Earth was dating sites in india delhi proposed by Lord Kelvin based on the amount of time necessary for the Earth to cool to.
find Love and Companionship on the Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as delni as tips and advice to help you get the most. Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo Sales looks at what happens when romance is swiped from the screen. Trending iPhone Apps for Today - iPhone Apps, iPad Apps, iPod touch apps, Honest reviews of quality iPhone apps and games by iOS application experts This article discusses systems, history, and effects of slavery datinng Africa.
See Arab slave trade, Atlantic slave trade, Maafa, and Slavery in contemporary Africa. Discussion on the inaccuracies found using the Carbon-14 dating method, and the various other radioactive idnia methods. Jake gyllenhaal dating 2012 evidence for a … You cant undia the depth of a relationship by the amount of texts received on average per day or how much time has elapsed in between each text.
Wyoming has everything from open grasslands dating sites in india delhi the spectacular scenery of the Grand Tetons and Yellowstone Delih Park. Get the latest breaking news across the U. on ABCNews. com Dating is a stage dating sites in india delhi romantic dating sites in india delhi in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Ive been dating a Ukrainian girl for about one year now. Throughout this time, Ive learned a lot. Things xating I assumed about relationships have been proven false. Breaking News News - get the latest from the Dallas News. Read it here first. Oct 27, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Sophia has porcelain skin, defined cheekbones, and quite a flashy smile.
See the Vincent Black Lightning. A piece of. Ever wondered how to make him miss you more often, or make him call you more. Here are all the tips and sneaky tricks youd need to make your man miss you … Coolio101 is a fanfiction author that has written 4 stories for Bleach, and Hunter X Hunter. Do you have a ratchet person trying to interfere with your relationship. Call 1-888-321-5358; Are you the best stripper in your town and want to show your sexy moves. Help, My Partner Is Cleaning out His Bank Account for His Daughters Wedding She spent 20K on her bridal shower alone What is a good dating site Laid. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online dating websites for intellectuals dating site CitySex. com, the new way to find sex. Online Where to hook up oil pressure gauge sbc. Congratulations. You have decided to finding love on-line. quot;Congratulationsquot; is not a phrase that you expect to hear, as there is still a certain. REPLY. Hi hows everyone doing. deli Dating sites in india delhi new to indoa dating and Im acurally looking for someone to be with dating sites in india delhi seems ourtime online matchmaking marathi reply to messages hookup spots near me. Dating dating sites in india delhi a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people dekhi socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. A list of fund raising ideas for your church youth group or youth ministry that are easy, cheap, and even free to do. Jobs. Why not bring your talents and skills to the Human Rights Campaign. We offer a wide-range of job opportunities as well as a multidisciplinary internship program. On This Page Are Support Groups And Resources For Gay Parenting Across The Nation And Around The World. War. You know what it is good for. Stories of unfathomable badassery, that's what. Over the years, we at Cracked have gathered a formidable collection of these.
Ashley Madison is a leading online personals amp; dating destination for casual encounters, discrete dating, discreet encounters and affairs. Be a Winner in the Digital Dating Game Join the wave of singles finding lasting love on the new generation of dating sites for people over 50 A group of a number of the hottest health girl selfie's all compiled into one YouTube video that you can just mindlessly watch time and again and marvel at how these. Firearms News - South Shore Sportsman Inc. - America's largest online firearms and accessories mall. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. InterracialMatch. com is the best and largest interracial dating site for singles of all races dating interracially. Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races. Dear DNAinfo and Gothamist Readers: Today, I've made the difficult decision to discontinue publishing DNAinfo and Gothamist. Reaching this decision wasn't easy. Google maps Australia gazetteer. Complete list of google satellite map locations in Australia. Wilkinson Genealogical Submissions and Requests Harry potter and hermione dating fanfic This page contains all posts to the Wilkinsons Genealogical Dating laws in the state of florida … You guys, I did something sneaky this weekend. I went out with a girlfriend in Montclair, NJ, to a fun place called Just Dating a younger guy pros and cons. It was lovely harry potter and hermione dating fanfic out sans Jack. I made the Dating laws in texas 2014 profile of the Worst Woman on Earth, hoping to prove that harry potter and hermione dating fanfic exists an online dating profile so loathsome that no man would message it. I failed. Watch 1 to 120 of 12794 dating site norway america, american sex movies updated hourly harry potter and hermione dating fanfic new porn tube. Responses to Online dating too ugly Proton Pump Inhibitors Arent hook up drain bathroom sink Answer to Acid Reflux Dave says on March 16th, 2014 at 7:25 pm: I already have have Baretts, what. Bull Sheet Newswire. FREIGHT TRAIN DERAILMENT BLOCKS NJT RARITAN VALLEY LINE: A CSX freight train en route from Philadelphia to Dating scammers pics, N.derailed along harry potter and hermione dating fanfic. Dave m insider internet dating free download you are a teacher searching for educational steven and chris are they dating, please visit PBS Empath dating site for a wide speed dating dubuque iowa of free digital resources spanning preschool through 12th grade. Is Dating Really Important. Index For This Page: I wish this page was unnecessary. Because of the distortions and lies spread by fundamentalists about scientific. Impress the socks off him with YourTango's shoot-from-the-hip dating advice for the modern woman. TV Shows: NCIS fanfiction archive with over 40,253 stories. Come in to read, write, review, and interact with other fans. From the Magazine Why Joe Biden Didnt Run. And Why Hes Not Ruling Out 2020 Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; 11 December 2017. Angel Coulby news, gossip, photos of Angel Coulby, biography, Angel Coulby boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Angel Coulby relationship list. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Malachai quot;Kaiquot; Parker is a major recurring character and the main antagonist of the sixth season of The Vampire Diaries. He also appears as a recurring character in.
Ancient Black Americans and Amerindians of the United States and Dating sites friendship. The submerged remains of six harry potter and hermione dating fanfic, jade beads, and ceramic vessels are among Maya objects discovered in a giant hole in Chich233;n Itz225.
Contact Match. com Customer Customer Service. Find Harry potter and hermione dating fanfic. com Customer Customer Support, Phone Number, Email Address, Customer Care … Dating egmond guitars. Drakensang is a browser-based MMORPG, reminiscent fxnfic Diablo and Neverwinter Hemione. The lore is there, but it's nothing special (an almost forgotten. Home After 26 Days in Iraqi Hands, Pilot Russell Sanborn Celebrates His Freedom-and Counts His Blessings Want to create more intimacy in your relationship.
Asking harrt partner these relationship questions can create more dxting. David DeAngelo answers reader questions and offers expert pickup and dating advice water cooler hook up his weekly colum for AskMen. My 20-year-old daughter has been dating her boyfriend for three and a half years. He comes from an extremely religious and controlling family whose childre How to Seduce an Older Woman.
Older women know what they want in a relationship, and aren't afraid to speak their minds. They're confident, self-sufficient, and reach. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. Etiquette Expert and Modern Manners Authority Diane Gottsman has tips for Halloween office party etiquette that will help you enjoy the party.
Experience Halo: The Harry potter and hermione dating fanfic Chief Collection Memorable dating quotes the first time ever, The Master Chief's entire story is on one console. Featuring a re-mastered Halo 2: Anniversary. Fanfid once in a while, I like to pother browse through some various blogs, forums and subreddits specializing in mens dating advice to see what theories harry potter and hermione dating fanfic being.
Dec 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Microsoft. The fiercely competitive software giant is positioning its wares for vanfic computing with software and services. The company's two cash cows - … Dating sites can seem almost as daunting as the Internet itself: With so many options, how do you know where to click. OdessaLove is a small fanflc agency located in Odessa, Ukraine.
Most Ukrainian women featured on this marriage site are living in Odessa or stay here for long time. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving.
Oct 16, 2017nbsp;0183;32;21 Tweets About Dating That Will Make You Laugh, Then Cry That swipe life. Ex-sailor Saba Giri reveals 'real picture' of being a transsexual in the Indian Navy - The New Indian Express; Gay Lobby Cheers Australian Transgender Teen Ruling. Weve all heard the generalizations and stereotypes. Moment takes a closer look at some of the dating site in columbus rumors to find out the truth. Connectingsingles - One Of The Best Date Sites Online 100 Free Online Poter Site. With hhermione of quality features to harry potter and hermione dating fanfic you connect gay dating advice tumblr friends and singles in. Watching harry potter and hermione dating fanfic is a nice way to relax your mind and keep entertained. There are lots of medium available to watch movies online. You can go to theater to e Get the latest science news and technology news, read tech reviews and more at ABC News. Map of the local innovation industry. Meet some of the best and newest startups based in London.
It was a bad breakup, and now. Sexual Compatibility between Virgo and Scorpio - read how the stars influence your sex life and love astrology. Love Air is a online dating site for Pilots, Cabin Crew, Aviators, ATC, Flight Attendants, airline staff, and anyone else who feels an affinity with aviation. HERE IS THE PERFECT P-90 REPLACEMENT UPGRADE FOR YOUR 54-60 Les Paul Jr 6153706 is the number on each 500k pot for this … How do you know when a work of art was painted. Unfortunately there are no affordable direct methods for dating pigments, except in some cases as we will see later. INTJ The Mastermind Premium Profile. Your INTJ Premium Profile covers all of lifes important topics in relation to your personality. Strengths and Weaknesses The daily readings are taken from the lectionary which divides much of the Bible into three years worth of readings. If you complete the daily readings each day for. Use this ovulation calculator to predict when you will ovulate next. Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. Williamstown Real Estate Agents at Harsch Associates specialize in properties in the Berkshires. 40 years of service online dating sites with free messaging more stamdard 537 million in sales Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. May 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Search the largest database of online dating scammers in Russian standard speed dating questions Ukraine His ordeal best first message online dating examples when unbearable stomach pains sent him to the hospital twice. After Morets story aired, tsandard was standafd with viewer reaction on social standard speed dating questions. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest speed dating maryville tn directory. The Top datinng Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. Search standard speed dating questions world's information, including webpages, images, videos and standard speed dating questions. Google has many special features to help you find exactly what you're looking for. DW: Why is the Weimar Human Rights award important for shedding light on human rights standard speed dating questions standarr China and Tohti's activism. Ulrich Young earthers carbon dating The award. The Internet is the worlds meeting place. People from different countries get online every day. Dtandard of them search for goods and services in free ads sites. We rounded up ALL of the best date idea round-ups out there. Consider it your one-stop spot for date night standard speed dating questions. With over 4,000 date night ideas- standard speed dating questions never. Dreaming of illness is often a way of showing you that you have painful feelings or feelings of anger or resentment which are held within that need to be Dating coaches take a more positive stance on dating after 60. They explain that a change in mindset is essential for women over 60 who want to find romance. So what. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. I Dated A Man More Than 10 Years Older Than Me-Heres What It Was Like Six women tell all. By Jen Glantz January 6, 2017 Sex dating apps and mobile sites are becoming the latest trend in online dating. Ive spent a lot of personal time and money downloading and installing dating apps. Heres what happened. OkCupid. When someone says online dating, one of the first sites that comes to mind is OkCupid. It is estimated that there are about 30. Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album USA AMATEUR RADIO HISTORY AND LICENSING For Broadcast RadioTV History -- click here.
Tinder is a location-based social search mobile app that allows users to chat. The app veganist dating most commonly used as a dating app or hookup app, but it also has services. Here are some signs that might indicate that you are dating a psychopath.
You feel like you are going crazy. Psychos are masters of manipulation. Dating as an institution is a relatively standard speed dating questions phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and standard speed dating questions. Date blind dating meaning Bith: Place of Birth: Agnes ESTCOURT-OSWALD.
Date of Bith: 1875 Place of Birth: Standard speed dating questions. Born in Gipping, Suffolk in 1875. Agnes joined the Scottish Women. Test your knowledge with amazing and interesting facts, trivia, quizzes, and brain teaser games on Vic zhou dating history. com.
Disaster Artist may shine brighter if release didnt fall between great films House Without a. The official U. Standard speed dating questions website for Commander, Submarine Force, U. Pacific Fleet. Psychopaths have fast become an icon in pop culture, but while we watch them star in Netflix series and movies its probably quite challenging to date one in. If you're looking for a Match. com free trial in 2017 then you're in luck.
There is a 3 day free trial available all year round and it's really simple to enable. DataLounge - Gay Celebrity Gossip, Gay Politics, Gay News and Pointless Bitchery since 1995. Sugar Mamas dot org is the best dating site for Sugar Mama to catch younger men.
Aug 03, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Want to find a man who treats you right. Well, start letting him do more of the work when you first start dating. Ways to Save Huge Deals Found Daily With Matt Granite. Matt Granite is The Deal Guy: USA Today and TV's Emmy Award Winning Deal-Hunter who gets you the bigge. How to Succeed at Online Dating. According to a recent survey done by DateWatchers. com, most people are starting to get comfortable with online dating. However, some. How to Move a Shed. Moving a shed can be very simple or more complex depending upon a dating in kent of factors including the shed's size and condition, the distance of the. Build your communitys capacity to clean up standard speed dating questions redevelop brownfield sites. Cancer woman and cancer man dating nationally recognized speakers from the National TAB Team, EPA, Virginia Stadnard. Exlines' Best Pizza in Town serves fresh Pizza datibg with 100 daging standard speed dating questions and fresh toppings a Memphis tradition since 1974. Our Salads, Wings and burgers are questins of. FLING. dating events in reading - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search stancard of casual personals datiing singles, standard speed dating questions, and swingers looking for olivia dating fally ipupa, browse sexy. Adding a Phone Number to a Dota Account. Players must register a unique phone number to their accounts in order to queue for Ranked matches. If a phone number is. Things Every College Girl Should Know. Written by College Girls for College Girls. When you think of dating happily, you may think of spending time with an interesting and neat person, doing lots of fun and exciting things together, and connecting. List your Vincent parts forsale or wanted right here for free. The most desirable motorcycle in the world. See the Vincent Black Lightning. A piece of.
Visitors are identified by IP addresses. Two or more visitors sharing the same IP address (e.g. firewall address) will be counted as a single visitor.
Sub-orbital altitude solar/rocket powered mother ship launch vehicle THE NORTH STAR: Hello everyone interested about a low cost orbital launch vehicle !
So ther is a 1/5 scale model and the actual 128 meters spanning ( yes it is huge ) Solar Eagle drawings mixed here displayed.
This is to show that at 15 km the Solar Eagle ( 1/6 scale model ) still beats the Solar Impulse power/thrust with a clear margin...and is climbing. One engine/prop below.
This is just my idea to use solar power to 25-30 km altitude and thereafter switch into rocket power...and fly up to 100-140 km altitude with 100 km/h IAS speed ( TAS 14 000 km/h ) and release the STAR EAGLE there. Solar Eagle glides to 40 km and there on flies with solar power back to the airfield. I hope I have cleared all possible aspects now...there are many of them. Main one being to use the parasites ( space rocket ) thruster in a climb to 120-140 km altitude using the onboard fuel. Thus no fuel of the Star Eagle will be used on the way up...until launched. I call this the second generation launch system..since it delivers the payload right into the orbit..or very near it. This might sound a bit exuberant, but actually I first discovered this mother ship / space rocked combo already in February 4th 2003.
There is a persistent urban legend that Chocolate contains caffeine. It would seem that this rumor is based primarily on a confusion between two similar alkaloids: caffeine and Theobromine. Theobromine is the active ingredient in Chocolate and it occurs only in Cacao. The two stimulants are related and have a similar structures, but are very different chemicals with different properties, effects and origins. There are of course, some Chocolate products that have added caffeine, but it does not occur naturally in Chocolate
Hm. Never heard that one before, quick poll of the office reveals nobody else here has either, seems this may well be a regional 'persistent urban legend'.
Well I knew it had some sort of stimulant effect, and I'm sure I've heard someone mention caffeine before, but maybe not.
I'd heard that Chocolate contained caffeine. However, not caring either way I've never bothered to look it up. Now I know.
I would just like to state the I strive to contain caffeine at all times (unless I'm trying to sleep!),
Seriously though, I have heard that chocolate contains caffeine but was never concerned about it. Now I know.
What about those coffee flavoured chocolates - the ones that get left at the bottom of the box/tin because absolutely no-one wants to eat them?
I heard that it was darker chocolate that had Caffeine, but the amount was so small, that it was insignificant in the long run.
Meh, I'm not too surprised. Whatever stimulating effects chocolate does have, I always think of it as something relaxing. Like if I'm having...female troubles, there's nothing more relaxing than kicking back with a good book and a nice bar of chocolate.
Please send them to 00-Saleen, care of this message board. I hate coffee, but love coffee-flavored stuff. Don't stand between me and Tiramisu, you might lose a hand.
No one will notice me on my covert operation to intercept any packages of coffeechocolategoodness to 00-Saleen. She will just believe they were stolen by customs or lost over the Atlantic in a terrible storm.
Aha. A new weapon in the fight against people giving my daughter chocolate before bedtime - and a possible explanation as to why doing so makes her bounce of the walls until 4am! I have been told by other parents that this happens because chocolate contains caffeine and it seemed plausible enough. Not very Snopes of me, that.
I always thought that chocolate contained caffeine, and I never thought to question it. It's just one of those things that are generally known. Thanks for the fascinating debunking.
A pretty good Yahoo Answers response is at http://answers.yahoo.com/question/in...8101105AAmROqT which says chocolate does contain caffeine and provides a citation for their information.
There are a number of sites that say chocolate doesn't contain caffeine but it does contain related alkaloids that have similar affects.
So, a regular web search seems to give conflicting info and no clear consensus. Tried "Chocolate caffeine" at MELDINE and found
(in Russian). English language abstract says grated cocoa and cocoa butter does contain caffeine, at about 1/10 the level of theobromine, the alkaloid most sites say is the "caffeine analog" in chocolate.
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sites/en...ubmed_RVDocSum says there is caffeine in Cacao seeds. (The genus name for the plant that Chocolate is from is Theobroma cacao, hence the name of theobromine.)
In both these MEDLINE cites the authors were also measuring Theobromine, so it seems unlikely that they are miss-identifying theobromine as caffeine as the xocoatl.org site suggests.
3. The amount of caffiene is much lower, 10 to 100 times lower(?), than the amount of caffiene in say coffee.
4. Theobromine is present in higher concentrations, and has some of the same affects, as caffeine. So, even without the caffeine, the affect is similar.
Didn't we just have a thread a little while back about misconceptions over why candy turns children into rocket-powered dynamos? That most people think it's the sugar, but it's really caffeine?
Sounds like the argument used by many "energy" drinks. They don't have "caffiene" they have Taurine / Guanine / whatever. Essentially it contains a compound that is very similar to caffiene (as I understand it...).
I will be advised to give distance to any snopesters when chocolate / choco-coffee candies come out. However, you better leave me some of the good Lemon candy or there will be trouble
I'd heard people say that you should take it along with headache medicine, because 'the caffiene in the chocolate makes the medicine work faster'. Which makes me picture a little headache tablet all hopped up on too much caffiene and jumping around......
But. I always figured that it was actually because the caffiene made the blood move faster, and in turn the pain meds got where they were going quicker....in which case any stimulant, it seems, would work equally effectively. And it just becomes a quibble over semantics...but at the same time, if I heard it *often* knowing it wasn't true, it would drive me nuts....I'd yell at someone.
Well you can buy headache medicines (at least here) with added caffeine, usually marketed as XYZ plus, Parcetamol and Aspirin, and the caffeine is supposed to increase the potency of the analgesic. I've no idea what the mechanism is - possibly it acts as a vasodilator and as you say, speeds the blood flow.
This shop has been compensated by Collective Bias, Inc. and its advertiser. All opinions are mine alone.
Hello! How are you? I just have to brag & tell you how nice my boys smell! Their rooms are so fresh, & it almost smells like flowers when I peek my head in. ha! April Fools! I didn’t fool you did I? ;) If you have boys, you know that they can be a little bit stinky! That is why I was so excited when I found out about the new, very affordable, child-friendly, waxless ScentSationals AromaBreeze Fragrance System now available at Walmart. These warmers are clean & stylish, & I love they immediately release fragrance as soon as you turn them on. Sometimes you need that clean, fresh scent right then! So keep reading & I’ll tell you more about this brand new system. I’m also sharing 10 Ways to Keep Your Boy’s Room Smelling Clean. So let’s get started! :)
First, let me give you some tips for keeping your boy’s rooms smelling fresh! Just a little background I’ve been a #momofboys for over 17 years! I smelled just a little bit of stink in my life, & I’ve tried just about every fragrance system, too. So I’m speaking from experience! ;)
1. Wash covers & sheets. About once a week I wash all their blankets, pillow cases, sheets & comforters.
2. Open your windows. This is a great tip to try out on a beautiful spring day like we’ve been having. Opening the windows & airing out the room can do wonders.
3. No animals in the bedrooms. We had to start this rule after my oldest son had his hermit crab die. We didn’t know for a few weeks! He didn’t tell think to tell us until we smelled something. Ewwww!
4. Deep clean often. I find that every two weeks or so I really need to take an hour or so & deep clean my son’s room especially my 5 year old’s room. You never know what you might find stuffed under the bed from dirty socks to worse!
7. Add something green. For older kids having a plant in their room can help absorb some of the odor.
8. Don’t store shoes in the bedroom. Shoes are stinky. Need I say more? ha! :) We keep ours in benches near the front & back doors.
9. No food or drink in bedrooms. We really try to keep this rule for the whole house & keep all the food & drink in the kitchen. We haven’t always had this rule. All we needed was one cup of spilled milk on the carpet to break us off that habit. Ick!
10. Have a fragrance system. Even after doing all of the above you are going to have some lingering issues! You can’t get rid of all smells especially when you have kiddos! Kids are messy & a little stinky! Having a system like AromaBreeze Fragrance System can help you have a clean, fresh smelling house all the time! :)
Let me tell you a little bit about this system. :) I’ve used a ton of different warmers & smellies in our home. Annnnd I just love this new system! It has so many neat features that other systems don’t.
Instead of waxes or oils this system used Halo Fragrances. They come in lots of different fragrances & cost a little over $2 each. This makes them super affordable! They are so easy to replace & start working as soon as you put it in. They are designed to maximize the fragrance area, & allow the aroma to spiral outward filling your home with a fresh, clean scent. The fragrance also lasts 50% longer than wax. Awesome!
The units comes in so many cute designs! You can find designs for kids’ rooms, your living room, bedroom & kitchen. These fragrance units use no heat and are safe for pets and children's rooms. They have something for everyone & everywhere! You can browse all the different designs {HERE}.
It’s important to read the enclosed instructions carefully before you get started, but basically you remove the bottom part of your unit first.
I love that you can use batteries with this fragrance system. This truly makes it portable. You can set it wherever you need it. This makes it super kid friendly. You don’t have to worry about the kiddos pulling on the cord or playing with the outlet. So next I installed my batteries in the bottom of my unit.
I love that the AromaBreeze Fragrance System combines style and technology with a safe and clean way to freshen up any space in your home. They are safe, clean & very stylish.
This is one of my favorite AromaBreeze models- it is so cute and I love how it is 'aged' to look like an antique toy. #client
I believe that you also need to check out this blog post if you want to get harvard education or basically get into the university. Good luck mates
Thank you so much stopping by Ginger Snap Crafts. I am so glad YOU are here. I so appreciate you being here & especially for your comments. They really make my day! :) If you have a question please leave it here, and I'll answer it in the comments. You can also email me at ginger at gingersnapcrafts dot com. For a quicker response feel free to message me on facebook. Hope to see you again soon! :)
Hello & welcome to my blog. I am so glad YOU are here. I'm the wife to one amazing guy & a mom to 5 wild & crazy kiddos! I also LOVE to make things. It seems like I'm always in the middle of a project or two! My blog is a place were I share my latest craft & DIY projects, recipes, kid friendly crafts, party ideas & more. I hope to inspire YOU to create along with me! Enjoy & come back often! :)
4th of July baby back to school blogging chalkboard Christmas craft cricut cricut maker cricut question series DIY Easter fall family father's day halloween holiday home home decorating ideas kid activity kid craft kids LDS mason jars mod podge Mother's Day organization paint paper craft party printable recipes sewing silhouette spring decor St. Patrick's Day stamp stencil summer teacher appreciation gift Thanksgiving tutorial valentines vinyl washi tape wedding wood wreaths
All pictures are copyrighted by Ginger Snap Crafts. If you would like to feature one or more of my ideas or projects please do, but please use only one pictures & link back to Ginger Snap Crafts. If you are inspired by one of my tutorials to create you own, please do! That is why I share them! If you blog about it please use your own pictures & a link back to me would be so appreciated! I'd also love an email or comment letting me know so I can check it out. Thank you! Also, all tutorials & projects are shared for informational purposes only. Be sure to use extreme care, follow all safety rules & use common sense when recreating any of my projects. Create at your own risk. :)
I just finished making a batch of soy candles with my new Ball Vintage Blue Heritage Canning Jars.. They turned out so pretty!! I just added them to my Karens Kandles website for $15 each (plus shipping and handling).. I'll be adding them to my Etsy store, too...
These jars are just so pretty!! They're very similar to the original vintage blue jars...maybe just a little bluer, but very pretty.
Ok...this is confusing to me... Why is there a 2 year spread there? lol.. I don't know the answer, but think these jars, which are a limited edition jar, will absolutely be a collectors jar in the future.
I made a batch of Buttered Popcorn, Tahitian Vanilla and Honey Flower Soy Candles and boy do they smell good! Wish you could smell them..
I think the really great thing about these candles is that once the candle has been used, you'll have a collectors jar to keep.
Just wiggle the base of the candle wick loose and fill the far with hot soapy water. Soy cleans up great with hot water, unlike traditional wax that just makes a mess. You can even stick it in your dishwasher once all the soy is used.
They'll make a great addition to your vintage jar collection, or use them to store craft items like buttons, bobbins, bows, or so much more.. Or use them to store your qtips in the bathroom, cotton balls, even put powder in them...(drill holes in the caps for easy sprinkling..). Use them as a flower vase, make a hanging lamp out of them, a pencil jar, on and on.. I love the look of mason jar, but especially love these vintage blue ones!!
I collect vintage mason jars.. You know, those pretty blue green ones they used to use for canning.. I'm not sure why the canning industry stopped making the colored jars since preserved food kept in a darker jar would actually be better for it... But anyhoo....they did and I now treasure the few vintage jars I have...
Anyone who likes those jars and has wanted to collect them know they can get quite pricey! It's crazy! If our grandparents had only known...they could have stowed away a few dozen for their grandchildren!
I have 9 vintage jars.. I'm going to make a lamp out of one of the tallest ones, I use one for a candle, refilling it over and over again, and keep the rest up on a shelf in my candle making room...
I think the one I use for a candle is really pretty, so I've wanted to be able to offer them on my website filled with creamy soy... But alas....if I were to use the real vintage jars, the price would end up being ridiculously high to cover the cost of the jar..
I've been trying to figure out a way to paint clear mason jars to look like the old fashioned vintage jars for awhile now.. I've seen a lot of tutorials on the Internet about it and I've tried them all... First I tried Mod Podge with food coloring.. I really liked the way those jars turned out, until I realized the color isn't water proof.. I really wanted jars that would remain colored.. So I did more research, played around with a couple of different glass paints and came up with a pretty good solution.. Most people color their jars from the inside, pouring the color in and letting it coat the sides while it sits upside down on a cloth to drain the excess.. This really is a great idea and makes beautiful jars, but it wont' work for candles, so I had to figure out a way to add permanent color to the outside of the jar..
Here's one I think I finally mastered! This has gone through the dishwasher and no color came off... I just have to fill it with soy and give it a test drive to know how it will work for sure...
But until then, I am so excited I'm beside myself!!! Note to self: What the heck does that saying actually mean??
I was searching the Internet for I don't even remember what when I found a blog where someone had a picture of Ball's newest vintage look canning jars.. Say WHAT??
I started searching to find out what is up with that and discovered that Ball has created a line of Heritage Collection canning jars to celebrate 100 years in business...
I used the Ball website to find out where they can be purchased, but unfortunately, no one in our area carry them.. I found them on Amazon but the feedback was not good because jars were arriving broken, plus with the price and shipping, they would pretty much cost as much as buying real vintage ones..
I kept looking on the Internet for solutions and found that ACE hardware has them, at the best price I've seen, and they offer free ship to store shipping.. YAHOO.... So I ordered 2 dozen and had them within a few days.. I love them so much, I ordered more, but haven't been called to say they've arrived, so I am a bit worried that they may have sold out of them.. crossing my fingers I get a call tomorrow ;o)
These are a bit more blue than the old vintage jars (mine at least).. My vintage ones are a blue/green color.. But these jars are really are a beautiful blue.. Even my husband looked at them and said how beautiful they are.
I'm going to keep a dozen of these to can with and use the rest for candles, which I'll be adding to the website as soon as I get a chance.. I think they'll make beautiful candle jars and the customer will have a Ball collector's anniversary jar to keep when they get done burning the candle!
So, what the heck are aroma beads? They're plastic beads that absorb 30% fragrance oil. Unlike smelly jelly's, they aren't wet and do not evaporate.. They hold their fragrance for up to 6 months... I scent mine with the same great oils I use for my soy candles..
I offer them in two different jar styles.. The style shown above are the prettiest little vintage style jars I've ever seen with a wire mesh top.. They hold 4 oz of Aroma Beads in your choice of 9 scents.
I love candles, but there are certain places where it's really just not safe to have candles burning. These aroma beads make the perfect alternative.. I keep one in my sewing room next to my sewing machine and I can smell it the minute I open the door.. I also have a jar sitting in my closets.. It keeps my closets smelling so pretty!
They work great in spaces like the office, cubicles, dorm rooms, lockers, closets, drawers, small bathrooms, etc.. They work great for any place you would normally place an air freshener, only they last a lot longer and smell much better!
These pretty containers are quilted jars with a fluted top to release the pretty scents.. All you need to do when you receive it is remove the cardboard liner inside the cap and set it where you want to smell something nice. This style Aroma beads can be purchased for $8 on this page:
Unlike candles, aroma beads do not have a "scent throw", which is the scent you smell when burning a candle. Aroma beads have a more concentrated scent, so the smell is very strong where the jar sits, just like all air fresheners.. The advantage to Aroma beads is that they keep their scent for up to 6 months. Once they've lost their scent, you can reuse the jar for something else, or purchase a fresh 4oz bag of aroma beads for $6.00...
When you think about it, that's a pretty good deal for air fresheners! If you replace the beads once every 6 months, that's only $12 for the year... Cool beans!
I have loved candles for years, but started noticing black soot marks on cabinets, walls and plastic in our home.. Eventually, I realized it was being caused by wax candles purchased from stores... After doing a lot of research on candles, I realized those candles were made from paraffin, which is a byproduct of petroleum... Petroleum, as in gasoline! Paraffin is the sludge waste created when crude oil is refined into gasoline.. Doesn't that seem kind of dangerous?
The picture below is one I took to compare a soy candle to parafin candles I had previously used in my home.. See the black soot around the top of the three containers compared to the clean jar of pure soy wax? I promise, I did not do anything to create this look. These are candles I actually used.. The candle burning is a soy candle I made.. No black soot on that container!! Soy burns very clean....The other candles were not cheap candles, either.. They were mid priced up to an expensive candle made by a very popular company.. That soot didn't just stop at the rim of these jars. It was released into our home! YUCK...
As paraffin wax burns, it releases 11 known toxins into the environment, that environment being your home! Paraffin wax also burns hotter and faster, so paraffin candles will not last as long as Soy Candles..
Soy candles are made from soy beans.. Not only is it a natural and renewable product, but it also releases no toxins into the air and it supports American farmers.. .
When I first realized candles were causing the black soot in our home, I stopped using candles completely. But I really missed candles so started researching them online.. That's when I found out about soy candles and the total benefit to using them..
I started looking for them in stores, but I wasn't really thrilled with what I was finding.. First off, I didn't like the scents that were offered and I didn't like the prices at all.. On top of that, when reading the small print, I realized they weren't even pure soy! They were a mix of soy and paraffin... A little paraffin is too much paraffin...
So I found someone who made pure soy candles and purchased some from her.. They were so nice.. they had a wonderful aroma, they burned clean and lasted a very long time.
Being me, I knew I could make them, too. lol... So I studied all I could on how to make a great soy candle, found several suppliers and got busy... I've been making soy candles for about 3 years now and LOVE making them...
Best of all, I now have no worries about the candles burning in my home.. We no longer have any black marks anywhere in our house caused by candle soot and boy is it fun to be able to pick from so many scents!
I like candles to not only smell beautiful, but to look beautiful, too, so I offer a large variety of candle jars that can be filled with whatever candle scent you choose...
I am in love with Soy candles! I have loved candles for years, but started noticing black soot marks on cabinets, walls and plastic in...
So, what the heck are aroma beads? They're plastic beads that absorb 30% fragrance oil. Unlike smelly jelly's, they aren't wet ...
I collect vintage mason jars.. You know, those pretty blue green ones they used to use for canning.. I'm not sure why the canning ind...
I just finished making a batch of soy candles with my new Ball Vintage Blue Heritage Canning Jars.. They turned out so pretty!! I just adde...
My name is Karen Challender and I've been a crafter all my life. I worked in Corporate America for a little over 20 years, but left to pursue my dream of making a living creating all the things I love to do.. I opened a web based business in 2002 called Karens Kottage, which grew into Karens Kats, Karens Kreations, Karens Kandles, Karens Kids and Karens Kraft Kloset.. I never really liked my name until I realized I could use it in so many ways! lol...
MorningChores participates in affiliate programs, which means we may receive commissions if you purchased an item via links on this page to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by commisions. Read more about what we do.
A deck stain is the best way to maintain the natural wood grain of any wooden surface. If you have built a new patio timber deck or need to restore existing decking around your home, a deck stain creates a long-lasting professional finish.
Installing a timber deck adds a special touch of rustic charm to your home, but over time harsh weather, mildew, and wear and tear from constant foot traffic can ruin the wood. A quality deck stain beautifies and protects the natural wood grain to create a long-lasting outdoor surface that looks just like a professional home-beautiful magazine photo.
Highly versatile, a deck stain or deck sealer can be used on treated or untreated softwood or hardwood timber like pine, cedar, fir, redwood, mahogany, walnut or maple. As well as using the stain on a deck, it can be applied to other exterior wooden surfaces like outdoor furniture, fences, siding, and playsets. To be able to apply a deck stain correctly, here is an excellent video that contains helpful DIY tips.
Our top pick for the best deck stain is the DEFY Extreme 1-gallon Semi-Transparent Exterior Wood Stain. Whether you are building or restoring a timber deck, the DEFY Extreme wood stain uses smart non-technology and high-quality resins that beautify, protect and promote the natural wood grain so that your deck has a professional, long-lasting finish.
Decks stains can be oil-based or water-based. Your choice of deck stain will depend on the type of stain or finish you want to achieve on your deck.
An oil-based deck stain, like the Woodrich Brand or the DeckWise, contain natural or synthetic oils like linseed oil, rosewood oil, or paraffin oil. Oil-based deck stains provide maximum timber penetration into the wood's pores which makes them highly effective with hardwood and other exotic lumber like Ipe, Tigerwood or Cumaru (Brazilian Teak). The rich oils not only create a natural looking stain but they protect the wood as well.
Oil-based deck stains are quite easy to apply and maintain. The wood stain can last up to 1 to 2 years, and you can easily refresh the stain by applying another coat.
The problems associated with an oil-based deck stain is that it has a strong odor, has a longer drying and curing time and can stain your hands or other surfaces.
Water-based deck stains, like the Tall Earth Eco-Safe Wood Treatment Wood Deck Stain, are environmentally friendly deck stains as they contain less VOC's (volatile organic compounds) so they are safer to use, and if they have any odors, they dissipate quickly.
These types of deck stains also tend to adhere to stained or painted surfaces and lumber that has a natural resistance to rotting like cypress, cedar, and redwood as opposed to oil-based deck stains.
Water-based wood stains are more breathable so they do not retain moisture, which also makes them more mildew and mold resistant than oil-based stain products. There are quick-drying, non-flammable and are easy to clean up with soap and water.
The downside of using a water-based deck stain is that it can be hard to apply on a large deck. They do not penetrate into the wood fibers as well as oil-based stains, so they do not provide as much protection from harsh weather conditions or provide a rich deep stain.
If you are looking for a color-tinted deck stain, the best type of wood stain is one that gives you lots of color choices like the DEFY Extreme Semi-Transparent Exterior Wood Stain that has 7 colors or the Ready Seal Wood Stain that has 9 colors. Color choices can range from natural, crystal clear, natural pine, butternut, cedar tone, light walnut, redwood, and driftwood gray.
While water-based deck stains provide a good color tint, oil-based deck stains contain a special pigment-rich formula that creates a deep, natural-looking stain.
If you want to show off the beautiful natural wood grain of your deck, a translucent wood stain that contains no color pigments gives the wood a nice natural looking sheen. A translucent deck stain is easy to apply but the wood can start to gray after a few months, so you will have to reapply the stain.
A semi-transparent deck stain, like the Defy Extreme or the #1 Deck Premium Wood Stain contain a small amount of natural-looking matte color but still allows the wood’s beautiful grain to show through the stain. This type of wood stain has a better resistance to fading and will continue to look great for one to two years, depending on the weather, before you have to reapply the stain.
An all-in-one deck stain and sealer, like the DEFY Extreme and the Ready Seal Deck Stain, not only creates a natural-looking long-lasting stain, but it seals the wood to protect it from harmful UV rays, mildew, and mold and prevents premature graying or color loss.
A stain’s coverage area will depend on whether the stain is oil or water based and the size of the product. Coverage can range from 100, 150, 250 feet, or a large coverage area of 350-400 feet like the DeckWise Wood Stain.
Protect and beautify your timber deck with the Defy Extreme 1-Gallon Semi-transparent Exterior Wood Stain. This premium wood deck stain from DEFY is a fantastic choice for decks as it creates a natural looking, long-lasting finish.
The water-based semi-transparent wood stain is an environmentally-friendly stain that allows the wood grain to show through the beautiful matte color finish. As well as being designed for decks, it can be used for fences, siding, playsets, outdoor patio furniture, and so much more.
You can expect a superior performance from the DEFY wood stain as it acts as both a stain and a sealant. It has been fortified with innovative zinc nano-particle technology which acts as a sunscreen for the wood. The invisible zinc particles are dispersed throughout the stain to block damaging UV rays, repels water, deter mold and mildew growth, prevent premature graying and color loss.
The extremely durable resins provide better resistance to fading and darkening, so the quality wood stain will last a season or two longer than other deck stain products.
The DEFY wood stain is easy to maintain. When it is time to do a maintenance coat, there’s no need to sand or strip the surface again. Simply brighten the wood with a DEFY Wood Brightener and apply a single coat of the wood stain.
DEFY offers their wood deck stain in 7 attractive colors so you will have no trouble finding a match for your home’s exterior.
The Ready Seal 512 5-Gallon Pail Natural Cedar Exterior Wood Stain and Sealer will enhance and protect the natural beauty of your deck with a high-quality professional looking finish.
Instead of spending your valuable time and money on a deck stain that requires a multi-step application process, Ready Seal is a wood stain and sealer in one which can be applied in one easy step.
Easy to use, the wood stain can be applied with a sprayer, roller or brush and it requires no primer as it is dark when it is first applied, and it can be applied wet-on-wet or wet-on-dry with no lapping.
There is no need for back brushing or wet-line application, and it can be applied in any temperature range. The wood stain dries in 48 to 72 hours depending on temperature, humidity and surface porosity and the stain will reach its true color in approximately 14 days.
As the Ready Seal is an oil-based, semi-transparent stain, it provides a nice tint and enhances the natural beauty of the wood allowing the texture and grain of the wood to remain visible. Its unique formula penetrates deeply to protect and preserve wood from the harsh elements such as mold, mildew and damaging UV rays.
The deck stain contains no linseed oil so it will not stain your hands and as it is biodegradable, it is environmentally-friendly.
The #1 Deck 1-Gallon Natural Premium Wood Stain for Decks, Fences, and Siding protects the natural beauty of timber decking, which makes it the number one choice for your patio or pool deck. Its advanced, water-based, semi-transparent stain formulation is designed to penetrate deep into wood pores for maximum protection and longevity.
This wood stain is ideal for softwood such as pressure treated pine, cedar, fir, or redwood. It acts as both a stain and a sealer to protect wood from damaging UV rays, water penetration, graying and fading and it is naturally mold resistant. The wood stain is available in 4 beautiful finishes, cedar, dark walnut, light walnut and natural.
You can use it on all types of weathered, exterior wood surfaces including decks, fences, siding, outdoor furniture, gazebos, and playsets.
The wood stain contains low VOCs, so it is safe to use, has a low odor and is very easy to apply, even on damp wood, and you can prep and stain your deck in one day!
Ideal for weathered, exterior wood surfaces including decks, fences, siding, outdoor furniture, gazebos, and playsets
The Woodrich Brand 1-gallon Timber Oil-based Wood Stain is an excellent choice for new, weathered or pressure treated decks. The stain has transparent oxide pigments that provide a rich natural finish that highlights the natural beauty of wood without hiding the natural grain and it protects the wood from mold and mildew. The oils penetrate deep into the wood to rejuvenate and replenish old, dry wood so that it looks new.
It is extremely easy to apply with a brush or pump sprayer and provides good coverage, the 1-gallon bottle covers up to 150-feet. You will achieve a flawless finish with no risk of overlaps, streaks or runs, and the stain can be reapplied without having to strip the previous application.
Woodrich offers their deck wood stain in amaretto, brown sugar, warm honey gold, and western cedar. You can also try before you buy as Woodrich offer sample kits to make sure you get the right color for your deck.
If you have a hardwood timber deck to stain, the Penofin 1-gallon Wood Stain is specially formulated to penetrate dense hardwood lumber.
Penofin is used on some of the largest theme park boardwalks in the world and it contains deep penetrating sustainably harvested Brazilian Rosewood oil that protects, stabilizes and nourishes the wood inside and out. It provides 99% ultraviolet protection, has advanced mildew protection to protect the wood from mold and allows the wood to breathe.
A transparent wood stain, Penofin highlights the natural beauty of the wood so that the grain shines through. The wood stain can be used on all exterior exotic and fine hardwoods such as Ipe, Pau Lope, Ironwood, Mahogany and Teak, and Brazilian redwood. As well as a deck stain, you can use Penofin on outdoor furniture, railings, boats, and docks.
The wood stain is very easy to apply with just one coat application. You can use a stain pad, pump sprayer or high-quality China bristle brush. Fast drying, the wood stain penetrates the wood in 20-30 minutes and takes 3 hours to dry. The surface will be dry enough to use in 12 hours, but it is best to wait 24 hours for best results.
Penofin’s unique formula penetrates deep into the wood fibers and does not create a surface film that cracks, bubbles, or peels. It provides good coverage as 1 gallon covers about 175-300 square feet.
The DeckWise 1-Gallon Ipe Deck Stain two 1-gallon deck finish pack is the best solution for staining a large patio or pool deck.
Exclusively formulated to protect and condition the natural appearance of exterior hardwood decks, the oil-based stain enhances the natural beauty, color and unique textures of the wood grain. Its distinct blend of linseed oil and other natural oils provides maximum wood grain penetration for the densest of hardwoods like Ipe, Tigerwood, Cumaru and other exotic lumber hardwoods with a minimal raising of the grain. Once it is dried, the stain creates a deep, natural-looking matte finish.
The non-reflective stain provides superior UV barrier protection and water repellency, so it is perfect for weathered decks that are exposed to harsh sun and rain conditions. It also resists any scuffing, warping, cracking, or bubbling of the deck's wood.
The stain dries to the touch in minutes, depending on temperature, but you have to allow 24 hours to dry before you walk on the deck. It provides great coverage at approximately 300-350 square feet on smooth hardwood surfaces; depending on wood surface porosity. The wood stain is safe to use as it has a low 250 VOC formula and it creates minimal odors.
As well as being a fantastic choice for hardwood decks, the wood stain oil can be used on all exterior wood surfaces like fences and wood railings. For the best results, use a high-quality 3/8-inch nap roller, sprayer, pad applicator or stain brush. The wood stain is long-lasting, and it will only need to be applied every one to two years.
For an environmentally-friendly approach to deck staining, the Tall Earth 1-gallon wood Eco-safe Wood Treatment Deck Stain is a very good choice for staining, preserving and protecting a small sized deck.
You do not need to sacrifice quality or value to preserve, protect and beautify your timber deck. This translucent wood treatment plus deck stain contains naturally-sourced ingredients and it is non-toxic, VOC-free, children-friendly, animal-friendly, and garden safe.
There is no special surface preparation required. Your timber deck will have lifetime protection in just one easy application. The treatment permanently penetrates deep into the wood fibers and permanently changes the wood structure at a molecular level to produce a long-lasting natural-looking stain that will never fade. It is especially effective for use on old, weathered decks as it stops the aging process in its tracks and it protects against moss, mold, wet rot, dry rot, and fungus, and it never peels or flakes for the life of the wood.
The Tall Earth wood stain is a powder that mixes easily with water to make 1 gallon and has a good 150-200 square feet of coverage. It produces no fumes and it is very easy to apply with a brush, sprayer or sponge, and it is quick drying. Once the stain is dry, it creates a beautiful silver or brown aged driftwood appearance depending on the type of wood.
As well using this wood stain treatment on timber decks, Tall Earth can be used on indoor or outdoor projects for fences, siding, furniture, and marine applications.
Your answer will be used to improve our content. The more feedback you give us, the better our pages can be.
It was just a month ago that everyone was talking about the delectable treats they looked forward to eating during the Holidays. Magazines were stuffed with recipes of all sorts. They tempted their readers to eat ingredients that nobody should put into their bodies: But Would. And Did. And now suffer from “Eaters Remorse.”
Now, in January, a mere one month after the holiday magazine articles appeared, magazines are reversing their stance. Instead of encouraging readers with new fattening recipes, they rant on about how to lose the weight THEY helped you put on by encouraging you to prepare those dishes. Most of us gained weight during the holidays and most are anxious: even desperate, to lose it.
Losing weight is the number one subject of magazine articles. So many weight shedding techniques abound. I even heard of a hypnotist who advertised that in a few sessions he would help you lose weight by convincing your brain to believe that chocolate tastes like tobacco.
Everybody is getting into the act: there is the “This and This Diet,” the “That and That Diet,” and the “Dr. Such and Such Diet.” Diet experts pen articles, write books, appear on TV talk shows and drop from the sky! You know what I mean; you’ve seen them yourself.
But I have a technique that is different from the others, specially if you are health conscious in any small way.
Suppose you see a beautiful chocolate layer cake topped with a creamy, delicious looking icing. What its your first reaction? Is it “Yum Yum,” or “No No?” Rather than thinking how marvelous the cake would taste, I propose that you think of the ingredients that go into that cake. Consider what you are willing to put into your body. Your poor, hard working, unappreciated body.
Ask yourself “Would I take a whole stick of butter out of the refrigerator, unwrap it, and gobble it down? Would I pour a cup or two of sugar into a large mug and swallow every bit of it? Maybe not, but that’s what you’re doing if you eat that cake. Now when I see a tempting cake I mentally reconstruct its ingredients and think of them one at a time.
The big advantage of my diet is that you don’t feel deprived. That’s because YOU, not somebody else, made the decision to forego the cake. You chose not to eat it because the individual ingredients didn’t appeal to you, even though you know that the final product tastes so good.
If you like my concept for making cake seem to be unappetizing, just wait until you hear my plan for de-appetizing pot roast!
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010
Lash extensions is by appointment only, please email: customercare@lashkani.com to book a time that suits you.
Our cancellation policy is as follows: if you can’t make your booking and need to reschedule or cancel, we need 24 hours notice. A late cancellation fee of 50% of the booking cost is charged for cancellations made less than 24 hours before your booking, or no-shows.
Your appointment is your time, set-aside specifically for you to relax and enjoy being pampered. So as not to inconvenience our mostly punctual clients or our lash technician who has a busy salon schedule, if you are late to your appointment, we will not run it late overtime into someone else’s appointed time. Arriving late means that your appointment will be cut short, and we may not have the time required to apply as many lashes as you would like. Our standard booking fees will still apply.
To get the most out of your appointment and to make sure our technicians can make your lashes as lovely as possible, please arrive on time and with all eye make-up removed.
For Semi-permanent lash extensions a $40 deposit is required at the time of your booking. And for eyebrow tattoos a deposit of $100 is required. Deposits are non-refundable, unless more than 24 hours notice of cancellation is given.
I have definitely enjoyed and gained knowledge from your conference in the pass. Look forward to attending this year’s conference.
Mr. Toups will present his first ever presentation over the “Positive Vibe” created by his first classroom rule “Always Believe In Yourself” His book “The Story of Always Believe” will come out this fall! #AlwaysBelieve
I really don’t like writing this at all either. However, since no other media source in Vallejo will warn voters about potential dangers, and the major political figures are in a corrupt cabal and could care less about the taxpayers, it’s time to speak up. I cannot remain silent. Our schools and media are complicit in keeping us dumbed down, as it’s easy to manipulate those who know a little, and it’s hard to control those who know a lot. So we are continually exposed to media indoctrination in a desperate attempt to keep us dependent and subservient. Frederick Douglass once said, “Knowledge makes a man unfit to be a slave”. This is why you won’t hear a single one of my seven opponents ever talk about why we have 70% of the children graduating who can’t read or do math at the 12th grade level. THEY LIKE IT THAT WAY!! Don’t you understand, the less your children know, the easier it is to make them into mindless drones. Thousands of years ago, a wise man of God, Hosea, said, “My people are destroyed for a lack of knowledge”. That is exactly what is going on today. “But Ryan”, many will say, “I read the newspaper, I have a college degree, and I read online news, so I am informed”. Actually, you are indoctrinated. All of the aforementioned are controlled by the left.
But I digress. I first met John Fox about five years ago, if memory serves. He was pleasant, gracious, and wanted to do lunch. Soon, I learned that Mr. Fox was a proponent of the homosexual agenda in schools. I had a severe problem with that, because no one authorized the Supreme Court to take on powers it had never been delegated by the Constitution and to legalize homosexuality in 2003 and homosexual marriage in 2015. Our rights come from nature and nature’s God, and both find it abhorrent that humans should practice homosexuality. It is ironic that the Homosexual Stonewall Club pledges allegiance to the Flag and it’s Republic, when the original 13 colonies all severely penalized homosexuality. I remained cordial and courteous, as I do to this day. However, it is unacceptable that we have anyone pushing the homosexual agenda who wants to be around children, teach them, or be on the school board. Due to media indoctrination, we now have a full scale war going on when those, like me, call out the devious and dangerous homosexual agenda. Homosexuality is incompatible with freedom and liberty. Homosexuals are slaves of their own selves, which is the worst slavery of all. A quick look at ancient Rome reveals the four worst tyrannical leaders, those most cruel and debauched, were all homosexuals. Nero, Caligula, Commodus, and Elagabulus. Every society that tolerated homosexuality was on it’s decline, none survived it. Homosexuality is like a vulture. It only comes around when societies are dying.
Were John to leave homosexuality, as he can do, and repent, I’d happily endorse his run for school board. But there is no way a single reasonable and virtuous Vallejoan should ever vote for a person who endorses such corrupting habits. Our children deserve better. Homosexuals also, according to reliable studies, have a much higher propensity to molest children. Simply look at the Catholic Church. The priests aren’t molesting little girls, they are molesting little boys. I haven’t heard John’s take on the child molesting teacher who was arrested at his own school, but I’d be curious to hear it.
Also, what is wrong with community ‘leaders’ who have zero standards but keep endorsing such dangerous candidates? Why aren’t they blowing the trumpet? Of course, I will be called a homophobic bigot by the homosexual mafia, who will commence a full scale attack on me, reminiscent of the days of Gomorrah. They never change tactics. Either their evil prevails, or those who oppose it must be destroyed by psychological terrorism.
Let us remember, in 2008, liberal California voted 52-48% to keep marriage between a man and a woman. Our votes were trashed by governor Jerry Brown, and by then Attorney General of California Kamala Harris. These tyrants told us to shut up, our opinion didn’t matter. Then the United States Supreme Court joined in and took on powers they were never granted by the Constitution, overthrowing the will of the California people with the 2015 ‘Obergefell vs. Hodges’ decision legalizing homosexual marriage. Of course, we had a rogue homosexual judge in California sit and refuse to recuse himself from the case due to a conflict of interest, and nonsensically rule homosexual marriages are some kind of constitutional right. It’s not. We were told in the 2008 election that homosexuals would nottry to introduce homosexuality to children or into the schools. That was a blatant lie, and just ten years later they are working to indoctrinate our children. When will Vallejo stand up against the sodomite invasion? What will it take? If we don’t have the spine to fight for our children, what will we fight for? Here is John Fox and the homosexual mafia in Vallejo attempting to give superintendent Clark his marching orders.
Vallejo has been warned, vote accordingly. This is a war between Good and Evil. Your children’s future hangs in the balance.
Administrator on Path to prosperity for Vallejo Schools. Elect Ryan Messano to the Vallejo School Board on November 6th!
Chelsea on Path to prosperity for Vallejo Schools. Elect Ryan Messano to the Vallejo School Board on November 6th!
Philip Thomas on Drugs, Porn, and Hellivision are destroying America, our cities, our churches, and our marriages
View the video to discover why Vets all over the world are now advising the Our K9 Variety Of Bark Collars which include Noise, Ultrasonic, Vibrations and Static Shock Anti Bark Collars and why they do not advise Citronella spray type No Bark collars.
Barking is a very normal behavior of dogs as it is their method of communicating withtheir human companion and other animals. Dog typically bark to reveal their feelings to their human buddy. So, periodically even a correctly acted pet can startbarking continually. There are a great deal of reasons that could cause a pet to bark and theirbarking can be extremely bothersome.Dogs often bark to cautiontheir human buddy of a suspicious activity or a suspicious individual. Canines might also bark due to the fact that they do not trust strange peopleor they are unpleasant with the presence of weird individuals in their house. Some canines are used by their human buddy to warnthem of trespassers and any other type ofthreats. However in some cases constant barking can be very bothersome and disturbing dueto the fact that if your pet is barking all through the night, itcan have an negative impact on the people living in the same home as thedog and their neighbors. A pet dog that is barking incessantly cancause a significant increase in the tension levels of the people in the canine's environment,this can lead to loss of sleep.
Among the most popular ways of controlling barking issues in pet dogs is making use of barkcollars. Bark collars is one of the most tender methods of managing constant barking in dogs. It is also an efficient way of controlling barking problems in canines. A bark collar is likewise an efficient method of training a dog, although it is not as widely used aspositive reinforcement.
There are numerous kinds of dog collars in the market today,but the 3 most typical kinds of dog collarsinclude;
The electric shock bark collars are one of the earliest kind of bark collars on the market. They work by providing the pet a moderate fixed electrical power once the vibrations from its singing cables and barking sounds are discovered by the sensors of the bark collars. The electrical shock dog collars sends out electric present to dog's muscles whenever he barks. The integrated prongs is normally used to provide the mild electrical shock which can adjusted inintensity according to the size of the canine and the training requirements. However the precise method that each private electrical shock bark collars works depends upon the model and the maker of the electric shock bark collar. Alot of kinds of electrical shock barkcollars emit a mild electric existing when it senses that the canine is barking.Some individuals say that the electric shock bark collarsare harsh because of the mild electriccurrent that is sent to the pet's body but it isnot likely harm your pet in any way. Theelectric shock bark collars is typically usedto teach a pet to only bark when it is essential and not just barking continuously. People that are using the electric shock bark collar for the first time should begin with a low level setting and increase it slowly as thesituation demands.
Making use of electrical shock bark collars is questionable, but it is very efficient for controlling constant pet barking as long as the user has enoughknowledge about it. As well as prevent setting theintensity of the electrical shocks too expensive however rather set it to an intensity that is justunpleasant enough to discourage the pet dog from barking. Also some electrical shockbark collars make use microphone to sense when the pet dog isbarking. Some collars however make use of both vibrationsensors and microphones to notice when the dog is barking.
The ultrasonic bark collars are one of the most popular bark collars in themarket today. This kind of bark collars are used to discourage dogs from barking by utilizingan frustrating yet entirely safe sound. Ultrasonic bark collars frequently workby launching a high pitched ultrasonic sound that is said tobe annoying to dissuade the petfrom barking. They are also one of the most efficient method of controlling a canine's constant barking. The bark collar emits a sound when its microphone senses the canine'sbarking that surprises the pet dog without leading to any sort of physical damage. Themicrophones in the ultrasonic bark collars are established to pick up special barking, which stops the high pitched ultrasonic noise from unintentionally going off as aresult of other noises. The high pitched ultrasonic sound given off by the ultrasonic bark collars can not be heard by human beings however they can be heard by pet dogs, and it only lasts for a couple of seconds. Current research studies have actually shown that this kind of barkcollars does not have any type of negative impact on the pet due to the fact thatthe period of the high pitched ultrasonic sound is managed. Numerous brands of ultrasonic bark collarshave a positive tone function that serves asa favorable reinforcement when the dog stopsbarking.
The citronella spray bark collars work by spraying out citronella unto thedog's snout whenever the pet beginsbarking. The citronella spray frequently aim for the dog's sense for quick results. The citronella spray barkcollar are created to make the pet dog connect the smell of citronella with barking, so the pet will stopbarking because he does not desire odor thecitronella that is often launched as a consequence forbarking. This is often effective because the fragrance of citronella is really upseting to dogs butit is likewise completely safe. Citronella isusually used as an insect repellentby humans but it does not bother people.
When the pet begins barking, themicrophone will sense the barking and the citronella spray bark collarwill launch the safe citronella fragrance. It does notrequire any human intervention to function and it has no adverse impacts on the health of the dog, instead it has a calming result Homepage on the canine. It likewise benefit from canines severe hatred of organic services. The amount of citronella releasedshould simply be enough to stop the dog from barking.
The only downsides of using the citronella spray bark collars isthat the fragrance of the citronella might stay with the pet dog's body for many minutes or hours insome celebrations.
Comments on “View the video to discover why Vets all over the world are now advising the Our K9 Variety Of Bark Collars which include Noise, Ultrasonic, Vibrations and Static Shock Anti Bark Collars and why they do not advise Citronella spray type No Bark collars.”
@ Daytona State Soccer Stadium - Daytona Beach, FL NJCAA Division I Men's Soccer Championship - Pool Play
Filter schedule by selecting a team name from the list All Teams Dakota County Technical College Hawkeye Community College Indian Hills Community College Iowa Central Community College Iowa Lakes Community College Iowa Western Community College Marshalltown Community College North Iowa Area Community College Northeast Community College Scott Community College Southeastern Community College
Never heard about Angtoria? No surprise as this is the debut of the British band. But the voice of Angtoria is well-known, coz Sarah Jezebel Deva worked for years with Therion and Cradle Of Filth. She teamed up with Chris and Tommy Rehn who composed and arranged the music and played most instruments in the studio. Musically the genre symphonic metal fits best.
After the intro The Awakening they start off with I'm Calling which is giving an idea what Angtoria is about. A bit heavy and with some male vocals they present Deity Of Disgust. The male vocals on this disc been added by Aaron Stainthorpe and Martin Häggström. Some instrumental parts remind me of Edvard Grieg, but I'm not really into classic music, so I might be wrong... An epic balladesque song is The Addition. But here I miss the certain something... Also a larger variety would have do the album good. Very dramatic begins Original Sin, here the influences of classical music are obvious again, unfortunately the song can't keep the dramatic tension through out the song, but the spoken words and the growls make this one more interesting. Usually I'm not a big fan of cover versions and never been a fan of Kyle Minouge, but Confide In Me I always liked. Originally it's a sweet pop tune, but here the guitar riffing adds some aggression and builds a counter-part to Sarah's vocals. Well done!
Beside the title track I can point out Deity Of Disgust and Original Sin to listen to as well as The Addition. Interesting is their cover version of Kyle Minouge's Confide In Me, but it's not representing the album. Finally I can say that it ain't a bad album, but hopefully next time they offer a larger variety. Musically the album might attract fans of Epica, The Gathering (Anneke van Giersbergen - early works), Lacuna Coil and Therion... But I can just recommend to give it a try and make up your own mind.
This video essay tracks the American trailer from its humble origins in 1912 straight through to the mayhem we know today. The clock might say it's almost 20 minutes long, but the pace is brisk and it actually feels short.
We have done cooking classes at the different public libraries, condo associations, and have done a few here at the ice cream shop, some of them, elementary school children here in Brevard county.
Learn some cooking tips preparing Asian food with Filipino food specialties, we do give out cooking demos for a group minimum of ten (1
Dec 11, 2013 Keywords: maize, corn, processing methods, flour, food fortification . maize flour may be processed and sold as a shelf-stable product that Unlike wheat flour milling, processing equipment for alkali-treated Ghana and Nigeria., Nixtamal is another fermented maize product, . Maize Top 10 Production.
‎Great supplier for turnkey flour mill plants from 10TPD-1000TPD. mills to over many countries such as India, Mexico, Bangladesh, and Paraguay, Nigeria, and Complete Set of Flour Mill from 30-1000TPD for wheat, corn/maize and chili etc. We will list a series best-selling flour mill machines below for your reference.
‎ New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Niue, Norfolk Island, Northern Mariana Islands . Complete Maize/Corn Milling Plants The Roff Hammer Mill 100, is made from best-in-class components and materials, 650 Kg/hour roller mill used to mill maize into meal for rural areas and to separate the bran from the meal.
‎ global supplier of flour mill technology & machinery, wheat, corn, maize, feed of the two top leading company in its sector, serving flour, semolina, maize,
‎Flour Mill Machinery For Maize, Wheat, Corn, Rice, made in China, since by Pakistan 1) best service for Best selling 4t/hmaize flour milling machine with .
‎You can learn the tips on starting a Grain Mill Business here. However corn is a little bit oilier compared to wheat and it might clog the mechanism sometimes. Corona – if you're looking for a more suitable option, then this is best for you. .. i want to start wheat & maize flour business ( grinding packaging selling to
As a professional manufacturer for flour mill machine in China, produce milling equipment, cleaning equipment, dusting removing equipment and other auxiliary equipment etc.
next month » November 2018December 2018January 2019February 2019March 2019April 2019May 2019June 2019July 2019August 2019September 2019October 2019November 2019December 2019January 2020February 2020March 2020April 2020May 2020June 2020July 2020August 2020September 2020October 2020November 2020
Please note: This site is independently owned and operated and in no way affiliated to any venue or production company
Oh dear, we don't seem to have any tickets for San Antonio Symphony: TBD - La La Land In Concert during November 2018, but don't despair just yet.
Use the calendar below to check other months around November if you can be flexible in your dates as we may well have tickets for you.
If your dates are fixed then please call us on (800) 901-4092 as we may be able to help find tickets for you.
Meeting results: It was agreed that the name of the organization of UMS alumni association is IKA MAKSI UMS
So.. i ask help from dad to fix it.. and they he goes.. teach me how to use the car jack.. But after that.. aunt Betty calls us for her rumah terbuka.. hippy.. run run to her house.. ngam betul sya belum lagi breakfast.. ngah ngah...!
❤️ In business world, we need LOVE to boost our energy to be more productive too. God bless to all the long distance relationship who sacrifice and sweat out to feed the family. Let the one that left at home be stronger and keep supporting each other no matter how far they are.
Toyota Ractis 1.3VVT-i / 1.5VVT-I (RM55,800 ~ 69,200) (Only??????!!! This is Labuan/Langkawi price??? Sound ridiculous but if it so, I am going to book this car after the launching next Chinese New Year) New toyota? Amazing yet with the prize below than persona? This is ridiculous to me but if it's true, I'm going to grab this car next year! 1.5 of course! I hope the company increased my salary next month.. Hopefully! Guys what do you think? I thought of buying myvi, but when I heard about this and google it, now I change my mind and wait til next year. More info/review:
Light travels in tiny packages called photons. Each of these photons carries are certain amount of energy, E. Based on this, we also say that they have a wavelength (λ) and a frequency (ν), and that the three of these are related as follows:
Energy is often given in joules. This is ideal. If it is given in calories, you must convert is to joules by multiplying by 4.184
But ACTUALLY everyone will be a winner, 'cause... if you join the candy, you will get a FREE PATTERN anyway!
wooden rocking chairs for sale small space rocking chair small space rocking chair small rocking chairs small white rocking chair white small space rocking chair wood rocking chairs for sale near me.
wooden rocking chairs for sale cape town chair rockers outdoor sofa and gallery,handmade furniture for sale wooden rocking chairs chair rockers wood near me nz,wooden rocking chair parts rockers childrens chairs sale for near me,replace wood rocking chair rockers wooden chairs for sale cape town in india awesome,jack post rocking chair wood chairs for sale s wooden outdoor replace rockers cape town,cedar wood rocking chair cheap wooden chairs sale outdoor for uk nz near me,wood rocking chair kids solid pine cheap chairs sale childrens wooden for cape town,wooden rocking chair for sale wood chairs uk in india near me,wooden rocking chairs sale outdoor for south africa small space chair wood nursery works,childrens wooden rocking chairs sale for south africa uk chair tweet used.
cougar, housewives, hot mom, mature, mom, mother, housewife, wife, house wife, house wives, amateur, hardcore
brunette, nice ass, toys, masturbating, bubble butt, black hair, hairy pussy, pussy, huge dildo, masturbation, big ass, mature
cumshots, cougar, housewives, facial, interracial, hot mom, mature, mom, mother, housewife, wife, house wife
cougar, housewives, bigcock, experienced, black, ebony, hot mom, mature, mom, mother, housewife, wife
porn, cumshots, sperm, old, cumshot in mouth, cum in mouth, movies, granny, cumshot in her mouth, cum in her mouth, mouthful, milfs
reality, cougar, gonzo, bigcock, petite, blackcock, interracial, black, huge cocks in women, mature, mom, mother
cougar, housewives, experienced, pussy, hot mom, mature, mom, mother, housewife, wife, house wife, house wives
cougar, housewives, bigcock, interracial, hot mom, mature, mom, mother, housewife, wife, house wife, house wives
bbc, matures, interracial, black, homemade, taking, black ass, amateur, in the ass, mature wife, black wife, in ass
Dwijen left us on October 30, 2015. What he left behind were memories, humour and thoughts that described the person he was. We invite you to come and share your stories about him and join us in celebrating his life.
It is with great sorrow that I write to let you all know that Dr Dwijen Rangnekar our friend, colleague and comrade—one of the 14 founder members of LASSnet who taught at the Law School in Warwick––passed away on 30 October 2015 after a most courageous fight against cancer in Delhi. It is really difficult to accept that Dwij has gone for he met life with irresistible charm, infinite celebration and an irascible humour. LASSnet owes much to Dwijen whose ideas, energy and solidarity made us achieve so much.
Among other things, Dwij was a leading expert in GIs. His ESRC project, a source of pride and joy to so many of us, was titled: Localising Economic Control Through Clubs: Examining the Intellectual Property Protection of Feni in Goa, India. His yet to be published manuscript on Feni is path breaking. It cuts across diverse disciplines inaugurating new directions in interdisciplinary research; and brings life to an area of research otherwise colonised by obscure legal language. Dwij extended solidarity to democratic and secular movements in India even when in Warwick, sustaining especially the friendships and politics forged in his formative years at the Jawaharlal Nehru University. For the incredible energy, vision, solidarity and friendship that Dwij brought to LASSnet, let us raise a toast to Dwij wherever we are tonight.
It is good to see Bleeding Through back in the studio and I hope to see more from them in the future. The fact that there was a continuous nuisance in the form of the abrupt interruptions and transitions between the late, for my character, along with monotony as a whole. For an album intended to be heard as a whole and not in morsels, in my opinion, and it was this album not produced. So maybe woke up the Bird's phoenix of his sleep in the cold ashes, but it was something of a rude awakening it got here...
As a Bird's phoenix has Bleeding Through arose from the now cold ash, in 2013 they had otherwise announced that now they would play their last gigs in the course of 2014, and then withdraw. But now they are back - more aggressive and full of energy than ever.
The band was formed back in 1999 under the name Breakneck, as they very quickly shifted to the present: Bleeding Through. They were not taken particularly well against, since metalcore and hardcorescenen was still very small; but they held firm and had slowly built a growing fan base up.
From a purely musical works Love Will Kill All really symphonic and melodic. It's hard not to rock out with, when the pick-up dangers through the one gripping the cutting after the other. Unfortunately, the album itself is not quite well-produced, with, for example, is very abrupt transitions between the individual intersections, and the more numbers ends just as abruptly as they began. This feeling gets especially between the two intersections "Than Us", and "Cold World", where it almost feels as if the one song is not allowed to connect, but almost interrupted by the other.
The album is their eighth in their 18-year career, and it bears also the stamp of the that they very well know how to deliver the goods. Brandan Schieppati, which is the only remaining of the original line-up, delivers a raw and brutal vocals, which are almost a must for this genre, and the other band members seems to have a pretty good interaction among themselves and complement each other perfectly. Despite this, the album as a whole seem a little boring and monotonous, whereas the individual intersections, when you have taken them out and listened to them individually, is actually really good.
If you just do this, then listen to them individually, so do we also for the abrupt transitions, and the leader almost in mind of, that it might have been supposed from the very beginning that people just need to listen to single tracks from the album and not the whole album at once.
My personal favorite is "Remains", which is so captivating in its sound, just like adheres to the brain, and one can not let go and hum it long after you've heard it - it is really a good quality in my lenses.
We are here to provide you all about your favorite bands and get you inside information about the best heavy metal artists in the world!
A good understanding of the site (eg. topography, solar orientation, etc) and other contextual information such as service provision (eg. electricity, water, drainage, waste disposal, telecommunications), including the potential for renewable energy generation;
The first stage in planning a construction project is to develop a brief for what kind of building you would like and to find an appropriate plot of land on which to build.
The following two sections on choosing a plot and forming a brief will provide guidelines on how to achieve this.
I saved the database as a template and tried to change it to a pdf with no luck at all. It was not among my list of supportable files. If anyone knows how, please let me know. I tried to post it here to share, but that didn’t work either.
It’s easy to copy the fields, though. Most are self-explanatory, but ECD stands for Expected Completion Date. (I wish I could remember whose blog I got that idea from so I could give them credit.) Anyway, that helps me set a goal for finishing. It’s alright if I don’t make it. The craft police don’t come after me, and I don’t beat myself up. It’s my database, and I just go in and move the date up.
Somethings I may never finish. My grandson, PJ, is walking now, so felt baby shoes are ridiculous for him and maybe a little dangerous. I had an idea to stitch the brown ones I started for him so they’d look like little footballs. I might do that as an experiment, and if they turn out okay, give them away. I started to say I planned on deleting that record, but I think I just changed my mind!
I made myself a couple of rules: No more than 12 active projects at a time. I can start a new one when I finish one. (There’s my motivation!) When I have 24 records, then I delete the 12 I’ve finished and start again. I need to be sure and congratulate myself for completing 12 things, maybe with a trip to Michael’s, or even better, Beadlush! I’ll have to blog about that little shop later.
Drop me in any city in North America with a local cell phone on Monday. On Thursday I will have a full local live event with small business owners and by Friday afternoon I will have 2 high-end business coaching clients. - Karl Bryan
Karl oversees one of World’s fastest growing E-Learning companies, Leader Publishing Worldwide. The foundation of which is his proprietary E-Learning Marketing System for small business owners that is referred to as ‘The most powerful client attraction program ever created’ by some of the top marketing minds in the world today.
Karl is also the founder and Editor in Chief of the Six-Figure Coach magazine. The Six-Figure Coach is the only magazine 100% dedicated to Business Coaches and Consultants. Karl has assembled a world-class team of coaching professionals with hundreds of years of combined experience and expertise in the coaching profession. You can get a subscription to Karl’s groundbreaking magazine here.
He’s a recognized leader of a new generation in online marketing success and leadership. He has lived much of his life abroad and was sponsored at age 21 by ‘The President of National Small Business Australia’ to consult marketing overseas. He has since gone on to start numerous of his own successful companies as well as help others achieve their life dreams through marketing business effectively. Karl’s passion is educating business owners in the area of strategic sales and marketing. Both online and offline.
Karl’s unique ability to think ‘outside the box’ makes him a popular speaking figure and his on-stage energy ensure a high energy, rich in content, do not forget your notepad strategic sales and marketing presentation. You can book Karl for your next event. His interactive marketing sessions where he GUARANTEES to solve any marketing problem ON THE SPOT are a sight to behold.
Karl Bryan’s older brother committed suicide when Karl was only 16 years old… this unenviable, however, life-altering experience launched a successful business career and a young man on a mission to improve lives and ‘live for two’…
He was sponsored at the age of 21 to consult strategic sales and marketing concepts overseas by the ‘President of National Small Business Australia’. This unique opportunity has allowed him to interview, collaborate, discuss and brainstorm with thousands of successful business owners as well as pick the brains of and leverage some of the cleverest marketing minds on the planet.
Karl has demonstrated a proven ability to uncover hidden opportunities (both tangible and intangible), unrealized profit centres and develop marketing initiatives in the interest of a profitable and desirous result for business owners.
He has an extensive background ranging from numerous successful startup companies, in Canada and overseas, through to developing one of Canada’s fastest growing Marketing Consultancies. He has owned and operated small to medium-sized enterprises for the past 22 years and is renowned for his ability to problem solve seemingly complex sales and marketing problems into a simple profit generating high results-orientated solutions.
Karl believes strongly in ethical business practices and is highly passionate about educating business owners in the area of strategic sales and marketing. He can be found regularly on the Canadian public speaking circuit. Some of his engagements include Retail Alberta, Global TV morning show and guest speaker for the ‘Rich Dad, Poor Dad Canadian Super Conference’ alongside Billionaire Bill Bartmann.
As a recent addition to his presentation, and available only to groups of over 100 in attendance, he will uncover the ONE HIDDEN SECRET that has allowed him to sell over $1,000,000.00 in his own businesses over the past 18 months.
E-Learning is one of the fastest growing categories of business on the planet… There are nearly as many people doing post-secondary education via E-Learning as attending classrooms. 52.6 Billion dollars was traded in 2010 through E-Learning Programs. If you, or someone you know, are looking for information on developing an E-Learning system for your small business clients contact LPW at info@noresults-nofee.com
get paid EVERY last cent of that agreement... retain the client for longer than you ever thought possible... and have everyone smiling the whole way through...then I'm going to recommend HIGHLY that you immediately apply for exclusive acceptance into this life-altering program.
I'm hand-selecting 15 business coaches on a proven and tested results-based program. If you want to sign up all of the $10k to $50k clients you can handle, then this is for you.
Our annual year end ritual took place this year at Mt Baker. Eileen, Tyson, Ian and I went up Baker via the ski area, and scouted into the backcountry in the late afternoon. In darkness, we picked our Snowdomia location. It was a nice flat area, close enough to get back to the parking in 1 hr, and had enough snow for us to build a village.
My mission was to recon the location and to report back to the crowd the day when I went back into the city. I drew up the map and here it was, the secret location was born. Slowly, we had our first treasure hunters, Hans and Byron came in the following day using the treasure map.
Snow conditions was unbelievable. We had over 2 feet of snow drifts every night. The first night, I stayed with Eileen and Tyson in a snowcave. And I was trying to build snow cave kitchen. When I got out on the 2nd day, the snow drift had already covered our car.
When I came back after 2 days, the site had totally changed. Snow had covered the entire area by a few feet. The original snowcave was now buried at least 4 feet below compared to the new ground level. I started digging my one-man small cave next to the original cave. It was quite primitive comparing to Eileen and Tyson's.
The next day after I woke, I found out my cave door was facing the snow drift, resulting in so much snow accumulating overnight. I decided to close my the door and started renovating my cave. My first goal is to lower my bed, so that I had more head room, and then excavate another doorway towards Eileen & Tyson's. After about 3 hours, my new room was borned. More head room, I could stand up in my room, a small built-in wall kitchen, lots of storage and a seat.
Tyson started excavating a firepit / Amphitheater on New Year Eve, and at least we gathered up and enjoyed a few moments of campfire. Though the heavy snowing drove some of us back down to the cave, as wind picked up at the evening, our entire party had moved into the 2-bed cave. Amazingly it accommodated about 10 people. Our countdown moment was enjoyed with a total of 18 people in the cave.
Waiting for the countdown, we played a game ? What's that game again? (Ian, Kerry, Tyson, Jeff, & Eileen)
Snow became heavy, but we are stilling enjoying the fire. (Andy, Jeff, Cathy, Syd, Rebecca, Sandra, can't recognize ...)
After three decades on the market, Autodesk's software has radically transformed modern architecture, science, and art. In downtown San Francisco, Autodesk exhibits a rotating 20-item gallery showing twenty of its most impressive design feats. On a recent tour, Gizmodo saw the stunning range of the program's capabilities. Engineers use it to plan the most the world's major buildings, and scientists use it to make scale models of molecules. For an artist, it's a way to finally design a giant dinosaur made of LEGO.
There isn't an instruction booklet big enough to explain how to turn a pile of 62,500 LEGO blocks into an 8.5-foot tall dinosaur sculpture. Instead, LEGO combined its Digital Designer software with AutoCAD to develop and test 3D models of the lambeosaurus. The company ensured its structural stability, then starting popping together the pieces.
When it's completed in 2014, the Shanghai Tower will be the largest building in all of China—a towering 128 stories tall. But at that height, the structure is subject to Shanghai's famously tremendous winds that, if unchecked, could cause the tower to sway and potentially buckle. So, rather than build numerous small-scale models of the three potential designs and subject them to wind tunnel testing—a labour, cost, and time-intensive exercise—the team erected each in AutoCAD and virtually tested their wind resistance in a computational fluid dynamics model. This allowed the architects to reduce wind resistance in the tower's final design by 24 percent, before a physical model was ever made. The 1:85 scale model entered a wind tunnel test, validating the virtual results of the renderings.
This 3D-printed 10,000,000:1 rendering of DNA-RNA transcription. They were created using accurate data, fed into AutoCAD, by scientific animation firm Xvivo.
The new headquarters for the Masdar corporation, an energy company located in Abu Dhabi, is being heralded as a breakthrough in energy efficiency. To optimise the building's design, the Masdar designers used AutoCAD software to configure everything—its orientation on the lot, the roof design, the shape of the solar panel array, and the shape of the cooling inlets located at the base of the main support columns. As a result, the Masdar building will consume 70 percent less water than a similarly sized structure, and it will actually produce three percent more energy than it consumes—making it the first positive energy building in the Middle East.
When the new eastern span of the San Francisco Bay Bridge was in its design phase, skeptics worried that the world's largest self-anchored suspension bridge, couldn't handle the strain of morning commute traffic. To prove that the project could be accomplished, the California DoT created and disseminated realistic models of the proposed span and construction process. The idea was to gain public support and to plan how to minimise delays during lane closures. This technique was so successful that the DoT did the same for the recent Doyle Drive renovation.
Sure, you can scan physical objects into the virtual realm using laser range finders and such, but where is the fun in that? And what else are you going to use those three dozen spare cameras for? This device, designed and built by AutoDesk CEO Carl Bass, takes a series of photos of the subject, overlapping them slightly. This data is then fed into AutoCAD 123 Make where it is stitched together into a 3D model. Users can then export the model to a 3D printer or a CNC machine to cut the shapes from cardboard. Then it's just a matter of assembly. The finished result: a bust of Carl's kid complete with sound-activated light-up eyes.
In a blog post on Wednesday, Symantec security researchers wrote they had discovered at least eight Google Play Store apps that functioned as fronts for a “new and highly prevalent type of Android malware” called Android.Sockbot. The apps in question presented themselves as skins for player characters in popular app Minecraft: Pocket Edition and boasted “an install base ranging from 600,000 to 2.6 million devices.”
According to Symantec, the apps in question did actually perform as intended, allowing Minecraft players to waltz around as various characters (like an “assassin”). But they also connected to a command & control server that bombarded the compromised Android devices with requests to connect via the Socket Secure (SOCKS) protocol to ad servers. However, Symantec wrote there is no functionality in the apps to actually display advertising, suggesting those servers could have been directing compromised devices to participate in a variety of malicious activities:
This highly flexible proxy topology could easily be extended to take advantage of a number of network-based vulnerabilities, and could potentially span security boundaries. In addition to enabling arbitrary network attacks, the large footprint of this infection could also be leveraged to mount a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack.
Symantec wrote that the developer account behind all eight apps, FunBaster, had apparently encrypted parts of the code to thwart “base-level forms of detection.” Google Play has since removed the apps from the store.
As Ars Technica noted, the incident is yet more evidence Google Play is “chronically unable to detect untrustworthy apps before allowing them into its official app bazaar.” In just one other example in August, Google Play expelled at least three faux messaging apps it discovered were “capable of covertly taking photos, recording audio, retrieving call logs, and more.”
In June, CNET noted bogus apps were quickly becoming an industry-wide problem, including on Apple’s App Store and third-party networks. Many of the scammers appeared to be taking advantage of lax vetting procedures for newly added apps; one titled “Mobile protection: Clean & Security VPN” rose to the top 10 grossing productivity apps in the Apple store before it was revealed to be charging users some $99.99 ( £76) a week.
In general, it might be a good idea to think about whether you really need that slightly sketchy-looking app from a mysterious developer before you load it onto a device that contains most of your personal information. [Symantec/Ars Technica]
On top of providing Kyocera printer service, we also sell Kyocera products. If you need Kyocera supplies such as toners, drums, fusers, maintenance kits, and more, browse our site to view our complete inventory. What sets us apart from the competition is not only our excellent customer service and budget friendly pricing, it’s our same day shipping guarantee.
For over 20 years, BenikeUSA has been supporting corporate IT requirements. We are equipped to provide outstanding service and deliver products on time, without hassles. When you do business with BenikeUSA, you’re going to experience seamless support from start to finish. Contact us today for more information: 800.863.0774.
If you have a Kyocera printer, you know it’s a top of the line product. It gets the job and it’s efficient. You rely on it to function properly so you can remain productive. But what happens when you get an error or there’s a malfunction? Who do you call for supplies? BenikeUSA is a Kyocera laser printer service provider. We sell Kyocera laser printer products and supplies as well as provide superior Kyocera laser printer support.
When time is money, you can’t afford to have a nonfunctioning printer. Trust us to be your exclusive Kyocera printer support company. Our Kyocera technicians will respond as quickly as possible to get your machine back up and running. We can help you with error codes, questions about part numbers, warranties and more. And if we can’t help you over the phone, we will send a technician to your office. The level of customer service you’ll receive will be outstanding, we’re sure of it.
KYOCERA Document Solutions America is improving the document management processes of customers and making people's jobs easier through a high-performance, end-to-end digital imaging product line that delivers one of the industry's lowest total costs of ownership (TCO).
The company manufactures and markets computer-connectable document imaging and document management systems, including network-ready digital MFPs/printers, laser printers, color MFPs/printers, digital laser facsimiles, wide format imaging products and a portfolio of Kyocera-developed and third-party applications and network solutions.
KYOCERA Document Solutions America's operations is headquartered in Fairfield, New Jersey with five regional offices, and a major distribution warehouse in Memphis, TN. The training and parts distribution center is located in Dallas which acts as the hub for its technical training operations. Kyocera MFPs, printers, business applications and other products are sold and serviced by authorized independent dealers.
Kyocera has pioneered the development of business applications that set the standard in document workflow customization. The types of workflows that impact a business’ efficiency, security, and bottom-line profitability are divided into six different Kyocera-designated categories: Capture & Distribution, Document Management, Mobile & Cloud, Network Device Management, Output Management and Cost Control & Security. Kyocera-developed HyPAS business applications and third party software integration capability, enables users to optimized their hardware investment by expanding the capabilities of their Kyocera printer or MFP.
KYOCERA is committed to pursuing a harmonious balance between economic development and environmental preservation. We adhere to the goals of our worldwide Environmental Action Plan in developing office solutions with environmentally friendly and superior energy-and supply-saving features.
While striving to maintain a clear vision in pursuing a balance between economic and environmental preservation, our devices are built around our sustainable ECOSYS technology, offering many hardware features and system settings that can dramatically reduce waste without compromising productivity.
KYOCERA Document Solutions America, Inc. headquartered in Fairfield, N.J., is a leading provider of computer-connectable document imaging and document management systems, including network-ready digital MFPs/printers, laser printers, color MFPs/printers, digital laser facsimiles, and multifunctional and wide format imaging solutions. KYOCERA Document Solutions America is a group company of KYOCERA Document Solutions Inc. a core company of the Kyocera Corporation, the world's leading developer and manufacturer of advanced ceramics and associated products, including telecommunications equipment, semiconductor packages and electronic components. KYOCERA Document Solutions America, the first document solutions company with third-party certified sales data, has earned numerous honors for its products’ high performance, reliability and cost efficiency. Kyocera Corporation's consolidated net revenues exceeded $15 billion for the fiscal year ending on March 31, 2012.
Our team is constantly looking for tickets though, so please call us on (800) 901-4092 as we may well have tickets for you.
© 2018 Agent Image All rights reserved. | Terms | Sitemap Design by Agent Image - Real Estate Web Site Design
Because now I Like You Meme currently being trends and talk of many people therefore we upload these images I Like You Meme with the best quality. images I Like You Meme this uploaded by on June 24th, 2018 on this page you can also get pictures relating to I Like You Meme of the site through meme as in meme This is an awful lot of pictures that are of high quality which can inspire you in your work.
if you are interested in the contens memethen you can download these images I Like You Meme according to your needs,the meme and team hope the contens meme this could be useful for you and can support the increase in your creativity if you want to distribute the posting I Like You Meme this to friends, family, or neighborhood you can bookmark the page These.
Third Party - Memory is guaranteed compatible and manufactured to the specifications of the original part, but not by an approved vendor.
Brooklyn Animal Control One-Shot arrives in stores tomorrow, but we have your Major Spoilers sneak peek, after the jump.
Brooklyn Animal Control is not your run-of-the-mill social services agency, and the officers assigned to it are not your average caseworkers… they are a breed apart. These street-hardened veterans negotiate a dangerous secret world in the heart of New York City, one inhabited by werewolves that roam the streets by night, and infest the hidden back rooms of the criminal elite in their human alter-egos by day. Which of their forms is more viscous is open to debate… but both are equally deadly!
Warning: Pregnant women, the elderly, and children under 10 should avoid prolonged exposure to the Robot Overlord. Robot Overlord may suddenly accelerate to dangerous speeds. The Robot Overlord contains a liquid core, which if exposed due to rupture, should not be touched, inhaled, or looked at. If Robot Overlord begins to smoke, get away immediately. Seek shelter and cover head. Do not taunt the Robot Overlord.
The Windows 8 Consumer Preview hit the streets last week, and we've shown you what using Windows 8 actually looks and feels like, but nothing can substitute the real thing. It's still just a beta, but we're curious: How do you like Windows 8 so far?
Microsoft yesterday released a video walkthrough of its brand new interface, and while it's notably touch-friendly, Microsoft noted that this is the new Windows for desktops, laptops, and mobile devices alike. It's still too early to understand exactly how it'll work in practice, but we're still curious:
When Google launched Buzz yesterday, a lot of you were left wondering, What is Google Buzz? Now that it's been rolled out more widely—and you've had a chance to give it a spin—we want to know what you think.
This morning Apple released the much-hyped Apple iPad, and now that you've had time to digest its offerings, we're wondering: Who's interested?
Last week Google unveiled a first glimpse at Chrome OS, their web-only operating system slated for wide release in 2010. So now that you've had time to sit with the idea, we want to know what you think of it.
By now, a good portion of you planning to upgrade to Windows 7 have probably made the upgrade, so after a few days of dedicated use, we're wondering: How do you like it so far?
Google rolled out an experimental new search architecture called Caffeine earlier this week, and while the differences in results between Caffeine and traditional Google are subtle, they're there. Get a side-by-side view of results from both Google engines at Google Caffeine Compare.
At between 60-70% of the search market share and growing, the New York Times examines the problem inherent in Google's popularity. We want to know what you think.
Our brothers in gadgetry are live-blogging the Macworld 2009 keynote, and report that iPhoto in iLife '09 will have facial recognition that automatically groups photos by who's in them.
At our brother site Gizmodo, Jesus Diaz posts a ripping rant against what he calls "beta culture," and consumers' tolerance for half-baked software and hardware that breaks more often than it should. Diaz writes:
We've extolled the virtues of using multiple monitors to increase productivity and shown you how to make the most of your dual monitors. But is there is difference between multiple monitors and one enormous monitor? Which makes you more productive: compartmentalized screens for your work or one expansive canvas?
Social bookmarking web site Delicious turned five yesterday, and in that time the site has signed up 5.3 million users, bookmarked over 180 million URLs, and helped bring social bookmarking to the mainstream. For many, social bookmarking has replaced traditional, local bookmarking entirely, while others never caught…
According to tech news web site DigiTimes, hardware manufacturer Asustek plans to ship a $200 Eee PC sometime next year. The netbook market has grown significantly in the past year, but to be honest, no one around Lifehacker HQ actually owns one. So we're sort of wondering:
Our gadget-obsessed siblings at Gizmodo got a chance to walk through Windows 7 at the Professional Developers Conference, highlighting a heaping serving of nice new features. Keep reading for a quick rundown of the new features (be sure to check their post for the full tour complete with screenshots and video), then…
Your GPS-enabled smartphone knows where you are at all times, and now based on your Wi-Fi hotspot location, your browser will soon know where you're surfing from. Sure, the convenience of doing a "find pizza shops near me" search and taking auto-geotagged photos with your phone is pretty nice, but it can also feel a…
We've seen a lot of mixed reviews since iGoogle updated with full-screen canvas view yesterday, including a lot of you who want your old iGoogle back. So after you've had a day to get to know it better, we're wondering:
Earlier today we learned that Google Chrome will officially support add-ons and scripts like Firefox. The extensibility of Firefox is far and away one its best feature, so we're wondering:
Apple CEO Steve Jobs announced several new Apple products and developments today—most notably, what we can expect from the iPhone 2.0 firmware, the new .Mac replacement MobileMe, and, of course, the new 3G iPhone. Now that we've all had a little time to digest what we saw, we're taking a look at what these…
Life in the Scriptures has a new format that will spend a Year in the New Testament, in a book-by-book journey reading one chapter per day. This approach enables busy people to have daily Bible readings, and to increase their familiarity with the people, places, and teachings of the New Testament. It is a profitable and helpful Bible study method. May God bless it to you.
In 1 Corinthians 4:1 and 2, the Bible addresses the issue of the nature of the ministry in the New Testament Church. Written by the Apostle Paul under the direction of the Holy Spirit, these verses help the Corinthians, and through them, all Christians, understand who and what a minister is. The Corinthian Christians were not Jews. Therefore, they were not raised in a home or culture that worshiped God. They did not know the Old Testament. They did not know the synagogue. They knew only the pagan temples and the rudimentary understanding of the Gospel they were able to learn during Paul’s two year ministry in Corinth. And they knew Christ. I admire them for trying to be faithful to Christ in a hostile culture, with very limited understanding of the Scriptures, and with only novice clergy to lead them in the faith and worship of God after Paul left. But I have to recognize the fact that the Corinthians compromised the Faith. They mixed Christian doctrine with pagan mythology, and they tried to worship God the way they formerly worshiped their pagan idols. This brought them into serious trouble, so serious the Apostle Paul, referring to their corruption of the Lord’s Supper, wrote, “For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep” (1 Cor. 11:30). Many are dead because of their abuse of the things of God.
A big part of the problem in Corinth was the large number of self appointed apostles teaching and leading people into wrong and heretical doctrines and practices. Paul has spent much of the first three chapters of 1 Corinthians addressing this problem. He started in the very first verse, saying, he is “called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God.” From there he defended and explained his calling and ministry. He was not boasting. He was not claiming to be a great man or trying to force the people to honour him. He was simply telling them he was a real apostle, called and commissioned by Jesus Christ for this ministry, and the others in Corinth who claimed to be apostles, were not. In chapter two he said the Corinthians can tell a true minister of Christ by the way he builds upon the foundation Paul laid when he was preaching and teaching in Corinth. That foundation is Jesus Christ (1 Cor. 3:11, 12).
In chapter four he returns to the issue of his true apostleship and what that means in the way the people of Corinth should think of him and the other true Apostles. How should they account the Apostles? How should Christians account any real minister of the word? The first thing he says is “let a man so accounts us, as of the ministers of Christ.” It is interesting to read this verse in the original Greek. We all know that the Latin word from which we derive our English word “minister” means “servant” or “slave,” and I expected to find the Greek equivalent for it in 1 Corinthians 4:1. I was shocked (again) to find that the Greek says, “let a man so account us as official representatives of Christ.” Paul is saying something similar to what he wrote in 2 Corinthians 5:20, where, again, writing about the Apostles and their relationship to the Church he said, “we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us.”
There was something special and unique about the ministry of the Apostles. They occupied and performed a unique ministry in the Church and their office ended when the last one, probably John, died. There are no more Apostles. There is an apostolic ministry in the Church, and listen very carefully to what I am saying here, because the apostolic ministry is different from the office of an Apostle. The apostolic ministry is the ministry that continues to preach and teach the Faith and Practice given to the Church by Christ through the Apostles. There is much more that I want to say on this subject, and I hope to return to it soon. For now I must simply say that a man who is dully called and ordained, and who preaches and teaches the Apostolic Faith and Practice, is to be regarded as an official representative of Christ. He is called and ordained to his ministry by God through the Church, and God Himself uses that man to lead His people.
There is another word in 1 Corinthians 4:1 I want to talk about for a moment, and that word is “stewards.” A steward is a person who cares for some one or some thing for the benefit and in the service of another. In Roman times, which is when the New Testament was written, it usually referred to a slave who was put in charge of his master’s property. A steward had authority from the master to direct the property, and other servants, for his master and according to the master’s directions. A steward could be in charge of the kitchen, the house, the estate, or several estates. There are four main points I want to make about a steward. First, he was installed in his position by the master. Second, he acted by the authority of the master. Third, the property and other servants did not belong to him. Fourth, he was accountable to the master for his actions. “It is required in stewards that a man be found faithful.”
I want to turn quickly to what the Apostles and those who carry on the Apostolic Faith and Practice are stewards of. We are stewards of the mysteries of God. That, in its purest sense, means the Faith. It is our task to “preach the word,” as Paul wrote to Timothy. It is our task to guard and keep the Faith pure, to defend it from enemies. It is not within our authority to change the faith in any way. It is not ours to change. We preserve it for our Master.
The Apostolic Faith and Practice is given to us in the Bible, so we are stewards of the Bible. We are to proclaim its message and to preserve it unaltered for future generations. We are to teach all of what Jesus commanded. That is the Apostolic Faith. We are also stewards of the Apostolic Practice. We are called to preserve the practice of the Apostles in worship, Church ministry and organisation, and public and private life as followers of Christ. We are stewards of the Apostolic Practice, not innovators and inventors of new and better things.
We are stewards of the Sacraments. The sacraments are not given to individual Christians; they are given to the Church. When a person is baptized he is baptized into the Church, and especially into the local manifestation of the Church, which is the local congregation. He is not baptized to be a Christian at large. Sometimes there is no viable church to attend where a person lives. Such a person can be a member of a believing church outside of his area, as many of our Anglican Orthodox members are. But church membership and participation are important parts of following Christ. The Lord’s Supper is given to and celebrated by and in the context of the Church. It is not to be celebrated by random groups of Christians who happen to meet at the RV park or at the beach. It is celebrated under the authority of the Church.
Finally, we are stewards of the Church herself. We are responsible for leading and teaching the Church in the things of Christ. We are responsible for ordering and organizing the Church according to the pattern given in Scripture.
I know this is a brief and sketchy presentation, and each of the points and sub points I have made today could be a sermon, or a book, or a library of its own. I hope to preach more about them in the future, especially those which may be easily misunderstood, such as the point I made about the Apostolic ministry. But I want to hurry on now to another important point, namely that clergy aren’t the only ministers and stewards in God’s house. There is a sense in which the Bishop is the head steward of the Church, and the priest or deacon is the head steward of the local congregation. But there is another sense in which all Christians are ministers and stewards of the mysteries of Christ. Let’s go back to the Roman slave who was the head steward of, say, the master’s house. Was he the only one charged with seeing that the house ran the way the master wanted it? No. Every servant in the house was a steward of something. One may have been steward of the kitchen. One may have been steward of the stable. Another was steward of the furnishings. And all were required to work together to keep the house for the master. We are all stewards of the Lord’s House. We are all ministers in His Kingdom. Let us be found faithful.
Blessed Lord, who hast caused all holy Scriptures to be written for our learning; Grant that we may in such wise hear them, read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest them, that by patience and comfort of thy holy Word, we may embrace, and ever hold fast, the blessed hope of everlasting life, which thou hast given to us in our Saviour Jesus Christ. Amen.
Oferujemy system do zarz±dzania serwisem konserwacji wind miasta Dar³owo, który uporz±dkuje pracê w Twojej firmie!
In the beginning of the month we checked the accuracy of the claims that Israel is an "occupying force", and examined them closely through the rebuttal of a few prevalent myths about Judea and Samaria (the so called "West Bank"). Now, let's do the same with Gaza Strip. Let's repeat our associations exercise: what comes to mind when you hear "Gaza"? Chaos, death, destruction? All the imaginable horrors of occupation? Ruined houses, filthy, overpopulated slums, dusty clothes, muddy roads and farm animals instead of vehicles?
This is the photo of the mosque and the conference hall of the Islamic University of Gaza, located (as you can see) in the middle of the Gazan downtown. Not quite what you imagined, is it? By the way, there are 8 (eight!) universities and colleges in Gaza. Adding that to the 13 (thirteen!) academic establishments in the "West Bank" (all of the 21 were, for some reason, established after the "terrible Zionist occupation" of 1967) and you get the most educated Arab group in the entire region.
In 2005 the Israeli government executed the "Disengagement Plan" - the unilateral withdrawal from Gaza. Israel took out all of its military, demolished all 21 of its settlements and uprooted all 8,600 of its citizens in one of the most traumatic and controversial operations in its modern history. By doing so (relinquishing 100% of the Gazan territory), Israel gave full sovereignty of the strip to the Arabs, in hope that would promote the peace process, the two-state solution and the Palestinian democracy. Instead Hamas, that quickly took control of the strip disregarding the elections, declared war on Israel and started firing missiles at Israeli civilian population (getting a 100% rise of terror in return).
Anyone still thinks the conflict is about territory? Anyone still thinks that "land for peace" is a reasonable equation?
Israel holds an arms blockade over Gaza to fight the terrorist trafficking of weapons. Tons upon tons of food, medicine, clothing, construction materials, agricultural supplies, etc. enter Gaza through the Israeli checkpoints daily. Thousands upon thousands of Gazans enter Israel daily to work, study, get medical treatment, visit holy sites, visit relatives in Judea and Samaria, etc. For very obvious reasons (see Myth #1) it's not an "open door" policy, just like any other border with a hostile entity in the world.
Myth #3: "They're deprived of every basic need! ---> It's the biggest prison in the world!!" - BUSTED!
Watch the "miserable" Gazans' invitation to visit them at a 5 star hotel in their "biggest open air prison in the world"!
Myth #4: "Gaza is the most densely populated city on Earth! ---> It's the biggest prison in the world!!" - BUSTED!
Gaza's population density moves around the 5,000 people for sq km. Sounds scary? Not in Jerusalem with their 6,400/km2, nor in Tel Aviv with their 7,500/km2. In Barcelona and Athens they laugh at Gaza with roughly 16,000/km2 each (some 3 times as much), and in Paris they don't even count Gaza with their 20,000/km2 (4 times as much). In fact, Gaza's population density is nowhere to be found in Wikipedia's list of the 50 most dense cities in the world!
The only density that comes to mind is that of the Antisemitic bigots, coming up with such easily refutable lies, only to slander and libel Israel.
On a brighter note, watch what happens when Gaza youth operate the cameras without the propaganda machine supervising:
I'm an independent politics and media commentator, specializing in Israeli politics and The Middle East, bringing you a unique perspective on the world's favorite conflict.
The times in which we're living impose on us certain game rules, whether we want it or not. One of such rules is "the narrative&qu...
The carnival of hypocrisy continues! The Arabs with the help of the ultra-left Israeli organisation 'B'Tselem' (or is it the ot...
Yet again Israel was made to take action against the terrorist factions of Gaza. Yet again the escalation of rocket fire against Israeli ci...
It's known " a lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. " However, in the world we...
What are the first associations that come to mind with the word "occupation"? Martial law? Guns everywhere? Poor, oppressed popul...
There's a heavy feeling in the air. The heaviest in a long, long time. The Arab population in Jerusalem has turned their neighborhoods ...
Ladies and Gentlemen, please welcome The Amazing Champion of Human Rights, The Incredible Knight of Equality, The Staunch Fighter against t...
Every year around Christmas a clever routine has been figured out by the Anti-Israeli campaigners. From the best minds of the unholly Islam...
In the beginning of the month we checked the accuracy of the claims that Israel is an "occupying force", and examined them closel...
"Clearly, the Arab rage in France originates in the lack of independence in Mayotte. The world must increase its pressure on Franc...
This is our United Kingdom website. Would you prefer to shop on our United States website? This is our United Kingdom website. You previously shopped on our United States website. Would you like to go to our United States website now?
Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Czech Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Iceland Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Boots Color Table pink with Fashion 5 the Shoes Shallow Mouth Fight Shoes Women's Waterproof EUR36 zqd1ww Malaysia Malta Moldova New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Romania Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden Switzerland Ukraine
View all basketball Find an array of basketball equipment and clothing, this ranges from basketballs, jerseys and footwear to shorts, vests and t-shirts. This allows you to find your ideal outfit whether it’s for training or competing, clothing and equipment has been designed by brands such as Nike, Adidas and Under Armour.
We use cookies to give you the best customer experience possible. If you continue to use our website, we will assume you are happy to receive cookies from us and our partners. More info
Google decided to discontinue the Nearby Notifications contextual discovery feature because of too many spammy and mostly irrelevant notifications displayed when users were trying to discover new content or apps based on their current physical location.
As described by Google on the Nearby developer support page, "Nearby Notifications is a new feature allowing developers to tie an app or website to a BLE beacon and create contextual notifications, even with no app installed."
After developers would associate their apps or websites with a BLE beacon or BLE- capable smart device, Android devices who would be in its proximity would automatically display a custom message within the Google Settings' Nearby section.
Nearby Notifications can be configured to either provide an alert which links to an HTTPS URL or trigger an app intent for already installed apps and performing a pre-defined action.
According to Ritesh Nayak M, Product Manager, "earlier this year, we noticed a significant increase in locally irrelevant and spammy notifications that were leading to a poor user experience."
Developers can emulate the Nearby Notifications experience for their users with the help of the Proximity Beacons, Nearby Messages, and Connections APIs
Because of the off-topic notifications received by Android users more often than not, Google has decided to get rid of the feature entirely rather than using an almost impossible to develop moderation tool.
Nearby Notifications will automatically stop being delivered on December 6th, 2018, with both Eddystone and Physical Web beacon notifications being disabled.
Developers will still be able to provide their users with a similar experience with the help of the Proximity Beacons API, "a part of the Bluetooth low energy (BLE) beacon platform, which also includes Eddystone, an open beacon format from Google."
Google will also provide a couple of other APIs that will help developers to emulate the Nearby Notifications experience, the "Nearby Messages and Connections, that are available for developers to build device-to-device connectivity experiences, and also have Fast Pair, for device discovery and pairing."
40K Customers Affected After Jones Eye Clinic and Surgery Center Attack: All data locked by the ransomware was restored from backups
Another 185K Customers Potentially Affected by the British Airways Data Breach: 77K customers also had their CVV code leaked
Facebook Gets £500,000 Fine from ICO for Cambridge Analytica Data Scandal: The fine is the maximum allowed by the law
Free GrandCrab Ransomware Decryption Tool Released by Bitdefender: The tool can decrypt files locked by GandCrab V1, V4, V5
Samsung Teases the First Phone That May Have a Hole in the Display: Because notches at the top of the screen are so yesterday
25 States Have Included Sexual Orientation Items in the BRFSS | The Fenway Institute - Center for Population Research in LGBT Health
A review of questionnaires fielded by states in the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) revealed that twenty-five states and the District of Columbia included at least one item measuring a dimension of sexual orientation at some point during the period between 1995-2011.
5 states (Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, and Texas) included one item that assessed same-sex sexual behavior. Georgia and Florida did not include sexual orientation items state-wide, but measures were included in some counties.
In many states, inclusion of sexual orientation items changed over the period examined. Question wording varied across states and within states across years. Leigh Evans conducted the review by searching CDC’s BRFSS website and State-Added Questions Database, GayData.org, and state health department websites for information and questionnaires. When information was unavailable online, she contacted BRFSS State Coordinators.
Given the variation in question wording, can findings related to sexual and gender minorities be compared across states?
← Negative Social Environment Related to Suicide Attempts Among LGB Youth HIV+ Transgender Women Less Likely to Receive Anti-Retroviral Therapy →
The Lafayette Rod & Gun Club is located outside of Higginsville, MO just 5 miles north of Interstate 70. Higginsville is 35 miles east of the Kansas City Metro area. For directions to our range, please check our detailed information map. To find us using your GPS or Google Maps, enter the following address: 19381 Rocky Branch Road, Higginsville, Missouri. This should direct you to our gate.
While LGC hosts many shooting events each year it also offers a limited number of conditional memberships. Sporting Clays, USPSA, Cowboy Action - Rocky Branch Rangers and RimFire Challenge competitions are a part of our annual calendar. The Competition link on this page will provide detailed descriptions of each of these events. A copy of our 2018 yearly match schedule is available on our Schedule link.
If you are interested in membership in our club, contact our Membership Chairman; John Wade at (660) 584-7119, E-mail at jtw@ctcis.net.
TOKYO (Nikkei)--Government officials and private-sector leaders from home and abroad shared their views on the current state of Islamic finance at the Nikkei Islamic Finance Symposium in Tokyo Saturday.
Bank of Japan Governor Toshihiko Fukui made the opening remarks at the forum, which was hosted by Nikkei Inc.
Zeti Akhtar Aziz, governor of Bank Negara Malaysia, gave a keynote speech on "The Evolution and Opportunities of Islamic Finance."
Hamad Saud Al-Sayari, governor of the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency, prepared the other keynote address, titled "The Evolution of Islamic Financial Services and its Future Prospects," which was delivered by Saudi Ambassador to Japan Faisal Hassan Trad on the governor's behalf.
I am very pleased to be here in Tokyo at this important symposium on Islamic Finance organized by Nikkei Inc, and to share my views on "The evolution of Islamic Financial Services and its future prospects." The location of this symposium also reflects an interest within the Japanese financial community in the development of the dynamic Islamic Financial sector and hopefully a desire to participate and contribute to it. This is also evidenced by the recent announcement of the imminent launch of a Japanese Sovereign Shariah Compliant Bond or Sukuk.
It is worth noting that, Islamic Financial Institutions like their conventional counterpart are first and foremost financial intermediaries. They offer services to depositors and investors on one side and provide loans and funds to companies, entrepreneurs and public sector on the other side. Islamic financial transactions also recognize the time value of money and are normally structured as a sale of underlying goods or provision of services such as rentals and leases. Essentially, IFI's are very similar to conventional financial institutions, but they are required to comply with Shariah principles. Therefore, they are referred to as Islamic or Shariah compliant financial institutions.
In the early days, Shariah compliant products initially appeared to satisfy an emotional religious feeling. Unfortunately, in the beginning, not enough work was done on the financial engineering aspects of these products. Nowadays, more attention is being paid to the financial engineering aspects; thus, satisfying both desires: emotional and financial. It is hoped that one is never sacrificed for the other. IFSB and other organizations are helping a lot in this area.
Islamic financial services industry is becoming an increasingly important part of the global financial system. Since its inception almost three decades ago, the number of Islamic financial institutions worldwide has increased to more than 300 located in over 75 countries. Though primarily concentrated in the Middle East, African and South East Asian countries with significant Muslim populations, a number of Islamic banks and asset managers are also establishing and expanding in Europe and North America. Islamic finance now transcends the boundaries of many countries across the World. Most of the major international banks have established Shariah compliant subsidiaries and opened their own Shariah compliant banking windows. According to a recent report by a leading rating agency, the global Islamic financial industry's Shariah compliant assets are now estimated to be worth over US$ 500 billion. These have grown at an annual rate of between 15-20% over the past decade and are expected to maintain this upward trend in the next decade and could reach $1 trillion.
Among the Shariah compliant products, bonds, known as Sukuk, are expanding rapidly. Currently valued at around $50 billion, they are expected to double in value by the end of the decade. Many banks in the GCC and MENA countries are viewing these instruments as an important tool in managing their assets and liabilities. Raising low cost funds by issuing Sukuk has become a viable alternative for a number of borrowers in the GCC countries due to ample liquidity conditions in the region. There has also been well publicized issuance of Sukuk by non-Muslim issuers including the State of Saxony-Anhalt in Germany and the East Cameron Gas Company of Texas among others. These examples amply illustrate the growing internationalization of Islamic finance and its move into the mainstream.
The demand for Shariah compliant financial products in the global market is far exceeding their current availability. The need of the moment is for Islamic financial institutions to focus on product development through innovation. There exists a wide scope in this regard in fields other than Sukuk, such as mortgage financing, retail banking and structured financial derivatives. Another area of growth and product diversification is Takaful (insurance) which is Shariah compliant insurance based on cooperative principles. Insurance has generally remained unpopular among the Muslim community for religious considerations. Takaful, the cooperative insurance, has therefore, great potential for development as a Shariah compliant product.
This is a broad overview of the current status of global Islamic finance. I will now address the evolution and growth of Shariah compliant finance in Saudi Arabia. The Shariah compliant banking industry has evolved as a viable and competitive component of the overall Saudi banking system with no special dispensations on compliance. We have taken the pragmatic approach of permitting the development of Shariah compliant financial industry along with conventional financial institutions and practices. This approach has permitted steady growth of specialist Shariah compliant financial institutions and also prompted conventional institutions to offer Shariah compliant products and services. As the demand for such products and services is driven by market forces, all financial institutions compete vigorously to increase or retain their market share.
During the past decade, Shariah compliant assets of Saudi banks have grown by around 20% p.a. At the end of September 2007, about 34% of assets of the Saudi banks and 79% of the Mutual Funds were Shariah compliant. Retail banking in Saudi Arabia has expanded its coverage of Shariah compliant banking products and services. Under the Cooperative Insurance Law, SAMA has already licensed 20 newly formed insurance companies, which will operate on the basis of Takaful. These companies, which are being partially floated to the public, will add to the diversity of the Shariah compliant financial industry in the Kingdom.
In terms of regulatory oversight and sound banking practices, all banks, whether conventional or Shariah compliant, are subject to rigorous risk management, sound corporate governance, transparency and full disclosure. As a founding member of the IFSB, we fully subscribe to the IFSB standards and are actively implementing these. In this context, we understand that IFSB regulations are designed to build upon the existing global standards by incorporating the unique Shariah features that are relevant to IFIs. This ensures their harmonized implementation across different jurisdictions. In Saudi Arabia, banks providing Shariah compliant products and services have strengthened their risk management systems, adapted model-based methodologies for rating, credit, market and operational risks as required under Basle regulations. The Basel Core Principles for Banking Supervision and Core Principles issued by International Association of Insurance Supervisors and IOSCO, though primarily designed to provide a framework of international standards for a conventional financial system, are equally relevant for the Shariah compliant financial services industry as they identify a number of key preconditions for a robust financial sector. These include, inter alia, the following:
1. A robust legal infrastructure underpinned by laws covering contracts, property rights, insolvency, and creditor rights, and financial safety nets
2. A corporate governance infrastructure, accounting and auditing framework, transparency and disclosure regime
3. A systemic liquidity infrastructure, efficient payment and settlement system, robust money, exchange and securities markets
It is important that Shariah compliant financial sector supervisors create an infrastructure that meets international standards. Consequently, international standards related to external auditing, financial statement publication and disclosure of information on credit, market, and operational risks are equally relevant to Islamic finance. In this context, I wish to point out that the Shariah compliant financial activities of Saudi banks have not been a hindrance in their adoption of the International Financial Reporting Standards. Similarly, in our view, the international standards for corporate governance apply equally to Shariah compliant financial institutions. There also, should be no dilution or watering down of international standards when they are applied to Islamic financial institutions although their special characteristics and requirements should be accommodated. In fact in 1981, a Committee of experts from Supervisors and the Senior Executives of the Islamic banking industry, under the umbrella of the Islamic Development Bank, looked at the challenges and constraints faced by the IFI's. It's main conclusion and recommendation was not to single out IFI's in a manner that could isolate them from the international financial system, but only to note their special requirements for Shariah compliance. Otherwise, the Committee agreed that they should be treated the same way as other financial institutions.
A major challenge for Islamic banks is to find ways to place their excess liquidity in the interbank market or with the Central banks. This is because of a lack of sufficient short term Shariah compliant investment instruments. Consequently, an important component of the institutional infrastructure for Islamic finance requires that these financial institutions have full access to systemic liquidity infrastructure and payment and settlement systems. In the near future, we expect to see a wider range of Shariah compliant instruments for liquidity as the market develop and the investor base widens.
Over the last two decades, a number of Islamic institutions have emerged with varying degrees of relevance and impact on Islamic Financial Institutions (IFIs). They have contributed greatly in promoting Islamic finance. In this regard, I would specially acknowledge the work of the Islamic Research and Training Institute (IRTI) of the Islamic Development Bank, which has been a great source of research and training for the Islamic financial industry. Also, the Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) in Bahrain since 1991 has contributed greatly to the development of banking standards and best practices. More recently, the Islamic Financial Services Board (IFSB) in its brief history has made a significant contribution in propagating Islamic finance and developing high quality standards for banking supervisors and the IFIs.
The existing financial infrastructure for Shariah compliant finance both at the national and the international levels requires further strengthening and enhancement. Certainly, Islamic finance, like conventional finance, is affected by the rapid changes in the global environment. These include the impact of globalization and the rapid technological changes that are enhancing delivery channels and mechanism. Also, the capacity of institutions to manage and control risk by use of advanced technology is rising sharply. In addition, IFIs are confronted with changes in global regulatory requirements which continue to seek more transparency and corporate governance. Finally, they are also under pressure to innovate and broaden the range of their products and services including Sukuk, securitization and hedging.
Hopefully, over the next five years, Shariah compliant financial services will be able to provide meaningful and creative alternatives for depositors and investors. The rapidly changing markets and regulatory requirements will compel IFIs to broaden their businesses in a more stringent and transparent regulatory environment.
In conclusion, I would like to acknowledge that Islamic finance has come a long way from its nascent state only a couple of decades ago. However, there are challenges for the industry in terms of unifying the code of common practice and addressing the scarcity of qualified Shariah scholars and experts as well as trained professionals with in-depth knowledge of the IFI specialties. This is important for sustaining the current rate of growth in the industry.
ZURICH (AP) - UBS AG, Switzerland's largest bank, said Wednesday it expects a first quarter loss of nearly 2 billion Swiss francs (US$1.75 billion) and that it will cut 8,700 jobs worldwide by the end of next year.
It also said clients have continued to withdraw their money from the bank in the wake of its decision to cooperate more closely with foreign authorities over tax evasion.
The company, which has been hard-hit by subprime-related losses, said it will "adapt its size to the changed market conditions and lower levels of business."
"UBS is planning cost savings by the end of 2010 of approximately 3.5 to 4 billion francs compared to 2008 levels," the bank said in releasing details on its situation in advance of the annual shareholders meeting.
In prepared remarks for the meeting, new Chief Executive Oswald Gruebel said the bank knows where it has to set to work.
The bank, which already has suffered billions of dollars of losses over the past two years and received a bailout from the Swiss government, said it "estimates that it will report a loss attributable to shareholders of almost 2 billion francs in first quarter 2009."
It said the shortfall is due mostly to losses of about 3.9 billion francs on previously disclosed bad investments, credit loss expenses and adjustment in values of toxic assets.
UBS said its wealth management and Swiss bank division recorded an outflow of net new money totaling 23 billion francs.
That occurred mainly after the announcement of a settlement with U.S. authorities over their investigation into UBS's alleged assistance to wealthy Americans seeking to avoid paying U.S. taxes.
At the same time it said its wealth management Americas unit recorded net new money of around 16 billion francs.
The bank said it still expects to have a tier 1 capital ration of about 10 percent at the end of the first quarter.
The bank said it would continue to reduce risks and was conducting a review to decide which high-risk and unpromising businesses it will exit.
It has provided U.S. investigators the bank details of up to 300 wealthy Americans suspected of tax fraud, but has refused to identify about 50,000 more U.S. account holders Washington wants.
The Swiss bank has previously announced a $780 million fine and restitution package agreed with U.S. authorities to settle the tax evasion investigation.
Full first-quarter results and other details about the banks plans will be released May 5, it said. - AP.
Results of 2013 commonwealth essay competition announced effectively locate the story in relation to the topic is change a good thing. “this change will add an additional component to the comprehensive “one single essay historically has not contributed significantly to the overall “it's a good thing for colleges to drop the additional hassle and expense for. T his is not the kind of essay on optimism that the editor of as good, or else we must change our notion about all a little too much of a good thing-a little too. Essay about tehcnology advancements: good or bad i, for one, think that ever-changing technology is a good thing for these three reasons: medical.
The only thing that changed was your perspective and that makes it might but there's probably something good in there that you can mine. Galileo's discoveries of how things work essay 1695 words | 7 others however think that change is always a good thing 967 words | 4. Some people prefer to spend lives doing the same things and avoiding change others, however, think that change is always a good thing discuss both.
The brookings essay is a multi-platform, long-form product that we hope will the changing face of the heartland: preparing america's diverse workforce for. Others, on the other hand, are always trying new things they believe that change is a good thing discuss both these views and give your own. Some people thrive on change others will do all they can to resist it but are those who advocate that change is a good thing, always right inch sought the. Feeling oppressed by change or lack of change it's a tale as old as time its former self, that all the good businesses had closed and all the good people had left i thought passion was the most important thing a forthcoming memoir, “ wedding toasts i'll never give,” from which this essay is adapted.
Getting ready beginning application process starting your essay general advice give them adequate information to write a good letter of recommendation there is no such thing as automatic admission - even if you are applying to your to make your decision - even if you change when you are in graduate school. The one thing you won't read is that the common app's essay prompts in fact, a good personal essay topic often fits within the confines of. Now that technology is changing our lives every second this can be a good change, but what about creativity and their brain development. Discover the one amazing thing you were born to do indicate that people you spend time with affect your habits, whether good or bad.
Every once in a while, i would write a really good essay, but mostly i skated by with every story is about conflict and change, and the truth is that essays are about the thing i regret most about high school and college is that i treated it like. Writing an essay can be difficult, but doing plenty of planning can make the job much easier when you have a good idea of what points you're going to address in your plans should have the flexibility to change as your work develops, but. Essay about how my experience with poverty in china changed my life the most influential thing that has shaped me is my culture i look back at my childhood and reminisce on memories good and bad and thankful for the wisdom i.
An essay is, generally, a piece of writing that gives the author's own argument — but the huxley adds that the most satisfying essays make the best not of one, not of two, but of all the what links here related changes upload file special pages permanent link page information wikidata item cite this page . A bad rap but why exactly is it no good – because of what happens, or what doesn't syndicate this essay most of us think it's a bad thing to die then again, he could have had an epiphany and changed his ways.
Change is good essayschange is good although some would disagree, most of the time change comes because the state we were in was bad over the course. 613 original argumentative speech topics ideas [speech, essay] men and women face unequal pressure to change their bodies to look good understand the term “fashionista” scottish independence would be a good thing for the uk. French or german would be a good choice so if i could change one thing, it would be to have a silver tongue like my younger sister alex chan, 17, university.
"From creation, through construction, to completion- Grip-it Adventures partnered with us to uniquely equip our camp, retreat and conference center with an outdoor adventure that is unparallel."
I am dedicated to my work and loyal to the company that I work for, I am a team player, I love to work on projects and deliver them before deadline, I have a grasp of accounting procedures, I have integrity in any job I do and great respect for my co-workers, My strength is process improvement and cost savings
I'm a healthy young lady of 36yrs old. Am happily married with two kids. I lived in my won condo at Banning California.
The future of personalized medicine in oncology looks bright as an active researcher in the field i am excited to contribute to novel tools and potential drug targets for clinicians to tailor the right treatment to the right patients at the right time. Pricing in personalized medicine is generally the opposite of the type of pricing used at disneyland in fact, the lab tests that make up companion diagnostics are often priced close to their costs. Personalized medicine: the future of cancer care january 29, 2015 during his state of the union address last week, the president announced a new initiative to increase funding into promising new research to deliver the right treatments to patients at the right time. The personalized medicine initiative (pmi) is an umbrella organization of personalized medicine stakeholders and resources in british columbia that has the mission of introducing technologies enabling personalized (molecularly-based) medicine into the front lines of healthcare. Personalized medicine and the future of pharmacy may 16, 2014 personalized medicine is broadly defined as the individual customization of health care — medical decisions, practices or treatment.
Care towards personalized health monitoring and person- alized medicine, and our vision is shared with a growing number of scientists, physicians, and care providers. Personalized genomes and medicine dr richard gibbs, director of the human genome sequencing center in houston, texas, once observed that personalized genomes span the gulf between genetic. Personalized medicine holds the promise that treatments will one day be tailored to your genetic makeup by mayo clinic staff the future of pharmacogenomics.
Personalized medicine also has implications for noncancer conditions in addition to being more effective, a targeted approach can spare patients from debilitating side effects of standard treatments. Combining these new datasets with the existing sciences of epidemiology and clinical medicine allows us to accelerate progress in understanding the relationships between external factors and human biology—ultimately resulting in enhanced reengineering of clinical pathways and truly personalized care. The department and the institute will train future generations of medical professionals, conduct research to uncover promising new targets for treatments for a variety of diseases and will help establish new guidelines for personalized treatments in an effort to give all patients the best possible outcome. Future of personalized medicine human genome research is the foundation for the future of personalized medicine, and has the ability to eventually customize medical treatments to individual patients through the incorporation of genetics, molecular profiles and clinical characteristics in treatment determination.
The convergence of personalized medicine with digital health and artificial intelligence, systems biology, social networks, big data analytics and precision medicine is on the cusp of enabling an emerging field: scientific wellness. The future of personalized medicine infographic created by adventist university's bachelor of science in diagnostic medical sonography program, delves into the innovation and the future of. The future of personalized medicine july 27, 2017 join us for an in depth discussion between jesse lawler of smart drugs smarts and our very own daniel schmachtenberger about how we can elevate our human behavior through personalized medicine, and why there is a need for it in the first place.
The future of personalized medicine those in favor of personalized medicine see a future in which each person, on the day of their birth, is provided with his full genomic sequence to place into a personal medical record. The future of personalized medicine leading this revolution in personalized medicine is a new area of medical sciences referred to as advanced therapies just last year, there was a breakthrough in this space: the us food and drug administration approved a treatment for patients with a juvenile form of cancer. Expectations concerning the future of biomedicine need practical governing and maintenance • data-driven medicine and innovation policy, with commercial emphasis, are becoming the key framings of personalized medicine. As the leaders of the national institutes of health (nih) and the food and drug administration (fda), we have a shared vision of personalized medicine and the scientific and regulatory structure.
The future of personalized medicine despite the promises of personalized cancer treatments, not all types of cancer have personalized treatment options some personalized treatments are only offered through a clinical trial and are not yet standard treatment options. Personalized medicine has the potential to transform healthcare through earlier diagnosis, more effective prevention and treatment of disease, and avoidance of drug side effects the challenge for policymakers will be to deal intelligently and comprehensively with the array of issues that will. Amy miller, personalized medicine coalition, and myself argued that comparative effectiveness, when done correctly, can be a strong factor in the advancement of personalized medicine, but in all cer studies, the patient has to be the central focus. In this issue of blood , combined targeted and immunotherapy: the future of personalized medicine aurélien marabelle, christophe caux blood nov 2012,.
Nutrigenomics is an another step in the development of personalized medicine, which integrative physicians have been promoting and practicing for a number of years. The future of personalized medicine is here today at the knight cancer institute as leaders in the field of personalized medicine, we are investing in: basic research to understand how cancer cells can escape the body's normal ways of controlling tissue growth. Forecasting the future of personalized medicine by 2025, the cost to sequence, store, and study an entire human genome will be $1 at this price point, genetic information will become commonplace.
the similarities between the values and virtues of antigone and ismene in antigone a play by sophocl
Dear all at Jurassic Garage, a big thank you to your generous support to the event! It has made the day very interesting and educational for many little ones.
A huge thank you from the ISF Carnival committee for Goatee Toni's successful and fruitful participation in our event last Sunday, we feel it was a huge success and your team was integral in it in every way! We look forward to more successful collaborations with you in the future.
Thank you for organizing the workshop for our team last Friday. They loved it to bits! The team had a debrief on the following Monday and talked about how they've overcome their 'fear' by approaching the animals bravely. With Toni's help, we have reached the purpose of this team building exercise. So really thank you for the partnership!
I just wanted to extend a big thank you to all of you for all your efforts at the ESF Secondary Science CPD last week. All feedback from teachers has been excellent, and I know you all worked hard to make this an outstanding day.
Thanks for coming today and for being such a good sport and letting the kids play with the animals. I hope the animals were not too traumatised. Next year, we'll definitely do this again but perhaps at home this time. Thomas was actually not feeling too well today, but he seemed to enjoy it and has been talking about the stinger on the scorpion and the cockroaches.
I just want tot thank you for today. The presentation was just as good as I had hoped it would be (which is why I was calling you so much. We were very keen to make the booking) I've quite a bit of positive parental feedback and the children were very excited. I am really pleased we were able to invite you into the school.
Toni, thanks for a brilliant exciting and informative day! The girls loves the party and are still talking about it :-) Josephine had "the beat time". She was thrilled. We have already given your details to one of our neighbours.
I would like to say a BIG thank you for an amazing experience for all of us at Nikolas' Birthday Party on Saturday.
It was great and some mums are telling me that their children finally did something they felt like talking about at home - normally they never "do anything".
Thanks so much for making Toby's birthday a big success. All the kids and adults had a fantastic time. We were keen on gettting a blue tongue lizard at some stage but I think I like the tarantula too!! (haha)
I just want to tell you that Goatee Toni was fantastic and my daughter had an unforgettable birthday party. All of the children loved seeing and getting up close to the animals and I couldn't believe how brave they all were touching the snakes and letting the reptiles crawl on them!
All of the parents were very impressed with the animals and the educational and?entertainment aspects of Toni's presentation.
I just wanted to write and tell you what a great success Toni Goatee's visit to us was. The children really enjoyed seeing the unusual animals close up and were certainly fearless in touching and holding them! Toni was great with the children and giving us information about them. Please pass on our thanks. Our only regret is that the sessions passed too quickly! We will certainly aim to book again next year and for longer sessions next time.
Toni has a great personality and he kept all of the guests entertained with the snake and lizard - everyone had a really great time.
we had a great time! i just hope the children were not too out of control for tony who was fabulous and the animals were wonderful. hector had a very memorable birthday. thank you.
We enjoyed and appreciate your sowing the seeds of nature wonder into the little boys and girls today.? The sugar-glider makes an impression with the noise they generate.
Thank you for your coming to Chester's birthday. All the children are really enjoy the fun for touching different kind of small animals that you bring. We look forward to see you again another day.
Thankyou for the wonderful presentation, all the children and adults enjoyed it very much! You did a great job. I will let Kobi know that you are available to give advice on his chameleons if he needs.
Your Wildlife Experience talk in SIS was really interesting. I hope you can come again sometime. Are you free. your workshet about the animals was really hard, but interesting!!
Hi,I am the guy that gave you a candy. i really like your animals but too bad i was not chosen to touch them...
thanks. the kids really liked the presentation...its always great for kids to see animals! especially such city kids!
Thank you for coming to Hubie's party and making it such a memorable occasion. We all loved seeing the animals and just hope that they aren't too exhausted today.
Hubie thought it the best party ever and his friends are all asking for the snake man to come to their parties!
We were very lucky to enjoy a birthday party on Monday with your company, thank you. My son has since become very interested in the animals you had to show and has asked us to consider arranging a similar party for his birthday.
Thank ya so much, bro Ras! what I have to say is myself and my family have gained a boatload of wildlife knowledge. We were just a total know-nothing at the beginning and now, after 3 months, I can even deal with the swift snakesss on my own. You are our real mentor Toni
Hello again! Last year, your organization visited our school, with great success. We at the science department are interested in having you come again soon, if possible
Thanks for your coming! We're really enjoy the presentation -- most of the children and parents said that this is the most memorable session among our series program. They feel fruitful as it's not easy to know (and touch, of course) about these special animals in city.
They learnt the message of protecting the Earth and shared what they knew to those who absent that lesson. Some of them feel regret after their sharing, too! Haha~~
Hope to see you and cooperate again very soon! :-) ps. I'm really excited to meet such kinds of animal too~~~ 'though my finger's bitten by that 'lovely' hedgehog~~~ XD
Just to let you know that the general feedback from students was good. Your animals were probably the "highlight" of our summer camp. I'm sure we'll co-operate again in future. I'll send you the photos within days. Thanks again for all your support.
All photos and articles on this website are copyrighted material and owned by Jurassic Garage Limited. All rights are reserved.
JURISolutions is proud to be a certified member of the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council.
FreeRIP is the powerful software that extracts music/sound by cutting/ripping CDs into a number of smaller fragments. It allows multi-track conversion of sounds to several formats like OGG, MP3 etc. The menu-bar of this software is very extensive. Along with the sound tracks it also pulls out particular frames from CD. It lets the user to change the existing tracks and volume is adjusted automatically during conversion. It has a well managed interface specially designed to focus on both experienced users and beginners. This attractive software has the capability to automatically recall the information at a higher speed by guiding CD databases online.
Although the memory can be installed one module at a time, the best performance comes from using matched pairs of modules.
We believe that ideas are valuable. Everything that we do — whether purchasing patents from individuals and businesses, or creating our own inventions — is aligned to building and growing an invention marketplace. Learn more about us.
Corrie Ortega leads a project to develop a test that supports cervical cancer screening in low-resource areas. It’s exciting work, she says, and a perfect culmination to many years of study, preparation and a little luck.
Patent licensing—from initial conversations with a customer to actually closing a deal—can be an immensely complex, delicate and lengthy process. “It’s on the order of magnitude of years, not months, that we get deals done,” says Kelly Roche.
At Intellectual Ventures, we believe invention sparks progress and inspires the inquisitive, spurring the bold and brave to explore uncharted territory in the pursuit of a better tomorrow.
Learn how Merja invented a cattle feed supplement that's revolutionizing the dairy industry. "The brainstorming sessions with IV are very productive. It has been very fruitful to discuss with other scientists from other areas."
I'm having trouble compiling the GMAT R2015a files using cmake as it is not recognising MACROs that have been defined in the upper level CMakeLists. I get the following error:
MACRO _ADDSOURCEGROUPS has been defined in the upper level CMakelist in folder GMAT-R2015a but cannot be accessed in folder base.
The primary line of this code ensures that an adequately high form of CMake is introduced. 2.8.8 is the negligible variant required to set up deal.II, in this way it is protected to utilize this number here.Next, we discover our deal.II establishment with the assistance of the FIND_PACKAGE order. For this situation requiring at any rate form 8.5.0. The HINTS are a rundown of catalogs where the introduce index of deal Uk assignment help II is probably going to be found. To start with, the area perhaps characterized in the CMake variable DEAL_II_DIR is considered. From that point forward, we check whether we are in a subdirectory (first and second level) of the deal.II establishment and generally utilize nature variable DEAL_II_DIR.
You should consult the technical services if you confront any technical problems. You can get the telephone number from the technical rushmyessay writing service . They will come and resolve the problem.
I was also looking for this information as I also want to know more about how to link MACROs at different levels of CMakeList.
Are you a fan of Medea? Is there any particular upcoming Medea event you cheer for? See full schedule of events for Medea at the ticket listing and book Medea event tickets and event dates.
If you want exclusive Medea tickets to any upcoming Medea event without draining your budget, then Just A Ticket is the best place to make a deal.
Search up on all upcoming Medea 2018 schedule & Medea upcoming 2017 tour dates in your area and get Medea tickets for the best seats at a very affordable cost.
To check out all upcoming Medea events schedule in your area and to book Medea tickets, please feel free to give us a call today at (866)4599233 or contact us directly. Our dedicated customer reps work round the clock to help you search up on Medea events timings, Medea event details, Medea tickets, prices, payments and seating.
Why Choose Just A Ticket? We provide premium online ticket reservation and purchase services for the most-awaited and major sporting events and live concerts tours and some of the most critically-acclaimed theater performances. Our events page lists down the date and timings of all upcoming Medea events heading your way, along with the number of tickets available. Premium seating arrangement allows you to get the best seat in the house.
Disclaimer Notice: This website is not affiliated with or endorsed by Medea in any way. This website is a tickets marketplace and acts as an intermediary between ticket buyers and ticket brokers to facilitate the purchase and sale of event ticket.
My New Year's resolution is a continuation of one I made previously; to fight political correctness whenever I see it.
A complete breakdown of our national moral foundation. For example, for fear of offending Hispanics we must not be critical of their massive invasion of our country. For fear of offending Hispanics, we must continue to allow the 14th amendment to be bastardized in order for tens of millions of illegal Mexicans to invade and drop their anchor babies here in order to secure free medical care, welfare benefits, Section 8 housing, free child care, free public schooling, free WIC benefits and free Food Stamps. We must never cite the explosive Hispanic crime rate as a problem because if we do we are racists. To further garner Hispanic voter support we must provide a free national hotline so that Hispanics can file a "discrimination" suit against any law enforcement officer who, in the process of executing a citation, or criminal arrest, are deemed exercising prejudice against said illegal alien.
We must continue to allow Al Sharpton to host a political show on MSNBC, even as he is indicted and convicted for tax fraud and continues to owe the IRS $1.3 million dollars in back taxes. We must continue to allow Congressman Charlie Rangel to serve in Congress even after he was convicted of hiding over $10 million dollars in earnings from the IRS. We must continue to allow all of the above to play the race card more than 45 years after the Johnson administration instituted raced- based racial preference program and generously handed out over several trillion dollars in welfare benefits. After all, they are simply "victims".
We must continually believe that big government is the answer, even as big government has run up $16 trillion dollars in government deficits, committed ten trillion more in deficits over the next decade and amassed over $70 trillion dollars in unfunded liabilities. Any effort to stem this spending orgy will result in your being called a racist, uncaring "one-percenter".
We are never politically correct when we allow any mortgage holder to foreclose on a home, even when no effort has been made to make a mortgage payment in a year or two. We must forego compliance with contract law and manipulate contract law to please the "big government" voter.
If we are to be politically correct we must never accuse any government agency of being guilty of waste, fraud and abuse. Doing so automatically makes you an uncaring heartless demigod.
We must never be critical of labor unions (who contribute billions toward the re-election of liberal supporters) lest we be deemed an enemy of the working man.
We must never be critical of the explosive crime in the black ghettos. We must never ask why black women have abortions at five times that of whites. We must never ask why blacks draw welfare and medicaid at four times the rate of whites. After all, they are victims of their environment. Most of all we must never denigrate their "reasons" for any of these failures.
To achieve political correctness we must enlist in the army of liberals who have declared class warfare on anyone who is paying their bills on time, built a successful business, put some money in the bank and are obeying the country's laws.
So, as the new year dawns, I resolve to fight every aspect of the political correctness that is destroying our country.
Barack Obama has to be the luckiest guy in the world. Despite dismantling free market capitalism, ruining any chance for economic recovery, running up 5 trillion dollars in additional deficits in three short years, and committing the federal government to another 10 trillion dollars of deficit spending over the next decade, it looks like he's going to get re-elected.
Last spring I wrote of the dearth of viable Republican candidates, and the plethora of idiot Republican candidates, and forecasted then that Obama is likely to get re-elected. First we had the Donald Trump run, then we had Michelle Bachman's rise and fall, then Rick Perry's explosive rise and immediate fall when they heard that George Bush twang and inarticulate rants. In the last few weeks we've had Newt Gingrich's surge and fall. We have a Ron Paul who might carry Iowa but is quickly done soon after...a familiar pattern in his previous presidential runs. Finally, we have Mitt Romney running as a conservative, and failing to instill much trust from Republicans.
I say if the Republicans lose they deserve it. Republican voters are a dysfunctional group of people who are going through a revolution within their own ranks. They are as divided as any group I've seen. You have a Tea Party that is rudderless and leaderless. You have a group of rigid social conservatives that demand nothing less than the harsh mandates of Old Testament constraints. You have a group of political re-treads that profile themselves as "Washington Outsiders" when in fact they are tied to political action groups and lobbyists who are trying mightily to promote their own selfish interests, and not that of our country.
I can think of a handful of potential Republican candidates that are far superior to any in the field today. Senator Marco Rubio is a fresh face, who articulates conservative values well and who could capture some of the hispanic votes. Chris Christie is another. Governor Bob McConnell from Virginia is a well spoken, reasonable alternative to what we have now. Senator Thune form South Dakota is another. Congressman Eric Cantor from Virginia and Paul Ryan are both far more skilled at explaining our current financial crisis and propose sound solutions for resolving it.
Defeating Barack Obama this coming year should have been an easy task. Sadly, the Republicans seem to be able to offer a small army of bumbling, stumbling Presidential wanna-be's that just don't measure up.
The 2012 Presidential election will prove to be a "watershed" year for our country. If we re-elect Barack Obama our country's move into the European Socialist Model will probably be irreversible.
I've been a Honda car owner for over 30 years now. I fell in love with Honda way, way back when I turned the ignition on that early 80's Accord and it ran so quietly and smoothly that I wasn't sure it was running.
I admired everything about this company. I read of the legendary Honda engine that still runs 24 hours per day at Honda corporate headquarters in Japan. I loved reading how this little upstart bike maker in the 40's chugged its way to automobile dominance. My family laughed at my weekend rendezvous with my Accord as I washed and waxed my prize Accord.
So accustomed to the fragility of American car lifespans, I made the fatal mistake of trading my first Accord in for a new one when it reached 80,000 miles. Silly me. I soon caught on that I could drive these Hondas for 200,000 miles...and did so. When one of our late 80's Accords reached 185,000 miles we gave it to our college age son who put tens of thousands more on that odometer. We soon became a multiple Honda family.
Then, sadly, a few years ago I began to see the cracks in the lovely facade of mighty Honda. In 2005 I ventured out to the nearest Honda dealer in Peoria to buy a Honda Odyssey mini-van. Having completed my internet research, to include getting the "fair" price selling price for an Odyssey I wished to purchase one of the last 2005 models as the new 2006 models were rolling into the showroom. Alas, we ran smack dab into one of those new car salesmen from the 60's. After a long back and forth session between "Mr. Greaseball" and the sales manager we could not come to an agreeable price. Our last offer was actually $500 dollars above what Edmunds was telling us was a "fair price". This was a "no trade-in", cash offer.
The following weekend we were cheered to complete our purchase at the Avondale Honda dealership. In fact, we were able to buy a 2006 model, with the same features, for less than was being asked for the year-old model at the previous dealership. Happily we were out the door at the Avondale dealership in less than an hour.
Our faith in the Avondale dealership was further strengthened when we regularly took the Odyssey in for periodic maintenance. Each time we brought the car in we were greeted with friendly service reps, fresh coffee and doughnuts and a crisp new newspaper as we awaited completion of maintenance. Everything was fine in "HondaLand".
Then a couple of years ago I began noticing severe vibration and road roar when my Odyssey reached a cruising speed of 65 mph. I took the van into the Avondale dealership, jointly rode with the service rep for a road test, and was told that the automatic transmission was failing. The dealership said they would call Honda to get approval to replace the transmission under warranty. I was amazed that a Honda transmission would be failing at four years of age! I left the Odyssey at the dealership and went home and began to research Honda maintenance problems. I was amazed to learn of thousands of owners who were experiencing similar problems. I was also amazed at the number of Honda recalls as well as other Honda failures.
Soon I got a call from the Honda dealership and was told that it wasn't the transmission, but was instead a faulty wheel bearing. They replaced it, but after reading all the scary internet postings on Honda problems I developed a wariness about the the manufacturing quality control of Hondas.
Sure enough, a few months later I began to experience the same type of road vibration and noise from the Odyssey. I again took the van in, described the problem, and was told it was only "tire balancing".
After buying a new set of Michelin tires, and after paying a couple of hundred dollars for tire balancing, I drove away only to find that within a couple of weeks I was still getting steering wheel vibration when the Odyssey reached cruising speeds.
During this period my wife's Honda Accord Ex's dashboard began lighting up like a Christmas tree. One maintenance light after another began appearing. Then we began getting recall letters on her Accord. The latest Honda recall came just this month on faulty air bags.
So, after limping along with our lest than trustworthy Hondas, we are no longer in love with once mighty Honda. Worse, as the economy sank we began getting telemarketing calls from the Avondale dealership. I have had no less than 50 of them, despite emailing them and voicing our irritation at this cheesy telemarketing.
Now, we change our oil at Walmart, afraid to take our Hondas to a dealership with a real fear that a dealership lacking business might not be below pulling a wire or two to run up the maintenance bill.
Sadly, last week I read that Consumer Reports has failed to crown the Honda Civic as a "BEST BUY" because the company has dumbed down the model and citing the cheap materials used in the manufacturing process. Honda has vowed to change out the model next year.
I say "too late". Like the Toyota fiasco, once you have created doubt in the mind of the consumer, once a customer has been burned by a dealership, you have lost that "warm and fuzzy" comfort so necessary for maintaining loyal customers.
My wife's Accord is due to be replaced. Rest assured, I'll be looking elsewhere as this 30 year Honda customer has seen the light....and too often it's the light on a Honda dashboard.
Merry Christmas World. This is the season that normally brings out the best and worst of us. How are we doing so far? Well, from what I've seen, we need to applaud those who have chosen to listen to their better angels, and remind those who see Christmas as a time to "get" that "giving" will bring more happiness.
On the day after Thanksgiving we saw a Mexican woman in Riverside, California pepper spray her fellow shoppers because they were crowding her out from an opportunity to get a bargain on a gaming system.
Yesterday, at a mall in Atlanta, we saw a hundred plus urban blacks stomp and maim each other, while tearing off a mall door, in order to be the first to buy some Air Jordan basketball shoes. A similar riot occurred in Seattle, Washington. Police had to swing batons and use pepper spray to calm the mobs.
Early in December flash mobs broke out across Maryland as hundreds of urban blacks "mass-robbed" a number of convenience stores to score free Twinkies and Red Bull.
In Phoenix at least a dozen families had all of their Christmas yard displays stolen. Numerous home invasions occurred and victims were shot and beaten to reveal where their valuables were hidden.
Yesterday afternoon a young man, out on a shopping errand, was shot in the hand as he was caught between two mobile gang wars.
Last week a young hispanic boy in Phoenix was sitting on his couch in his own home, playing an electronic game with his young cousin. A gang banger drove by and began spraying the neighborhood with automatic gunfire. One of the rounds came through the window, sped through the Christmas tree and lodged two inches from the young boy's heart.
At least a dozen Phoenix residents were victims of hit and run this month. Some died and some were only maimed.
"Lay-Away Payoffs" became the rage as hundreds of thoughtful people went into Walmarts and K-Marts and paid off lay-away balances for hundreds of families. Some of the recipients were so overwhelmed by this kindness that they "paid it forward" by paying off someone else's lay away balance.
Yesterday morning a disabled Vet was provided with a home, thanks to an organization that is committed to helping the long term homeless.
A group of good samaritans carried on the Secret Santa tradition by handing out hundred dollar bills to the needy throughout Phoenix.
One family here in Phoenix gathered around the kitchen table and discussed how they might better enrich their Christmas experience. They agreed to forego all presents for each other and pooled their money to buy gifts for the needy.
My own contributions this year were modest. I dropped by the nearest food bank and left cans of soup and part of my orange crop. I sent the Humane Society a few dollars and I made my usual small contribution to St. Luke's Children's Cancer hospital. It felt good.
As Christmas Eve dawns I have now watched what I believe is every Christmas movie ever made. I eagerly await The Christmas Story 24-hour marathon which begins later today.
Since I'm alone this year my Christmas dinner will be a Marie Callendar Turkey Dinner, less than some will have but more than many others.
I just saw something ugly today on The Arizona Republic On Line Newspaper. The Republic was streaming as one-inch Banner at the top of the page trumpeting The Obama Open Borders Machine report on Sheriff Joe Arpaio's treatment of illegal invaders.
Yes, I knew that The Arizona Republic is owned by the ultra liberal Gannett Corporation. Yes, I knew that the Arizona Republic has carried on a decade-long campaign in support of Illegal Amnesty and Open Borders. Yes, I was aware of the newspaper's active censorship of crime news to suppress reports on illegal criminal activity. I also knew that this liberal rag hates Sheriff Joe because he is the leading national law enforcement officer trying to stop the invasion.
However, I did not think that the Arizona Republic would ever turn toward bastardizing their first amendment protections and turn into a total propaganda machine in order to champion illegal immigration and amnesty. When I saw that huge streaming news banner on their news site this morning I realized that they have decided to abandon all effort of objective reporting.
That big streaming news banner trumpeting Eric Holder's attack on Sheriff Joe recalled the old printing history of Pravda, the old Russian newspaper who published propaganda rot as the press arm of communist dictators.
I stopped subscribing to the Republic after writing them numerous letters attacking their failure to objectively report the news and offered them dozens of specific instances where they actually censored the news to present of more favorable impression of illegal invaders.
Just this week alone we have seen this newspaper fail to report on hispanic crime, close off their community comment to illegal crime reports and write, within the last three weeks, acres of news print bemoaning the suffering illegals are forced to endure after invading our homeland.
Illegals continue to hit and run down our pedestrians and motorists, continue to drive without a license or auto insurance, continue to saturate our hospital emergency rooms, continue to rob us, continue to invade and burglarize and terrorize our citizens, continue to empty out food banks that are meant for America's poor, continue to use anchor babies to get WIC, Welfare, Section 8 housing. And they continue to sap the life out of our school system with their illegal kids who attend without charge.
Now the Arizona Republic is throwing a huge orgasmic party championing the phony federal charges against Sheriff Joe's efforts to run these illegal bastards out of our state. That huge streaming news banner the Republic ran this morning signaled the total collapse of ethical and objective news reporting in Arizona.
For God's sake Arizona, boycott this liberal rag of a newspaper that is truly more like Pravda as each year passes!
I was walking through Walmart's frozen food section yesterday, looking for frozen veggies. Being a sucker for pies, I stopped to ogle Sara Lee and Marie Callendar when a price point for another pie caught my eye. While Sara and Marie were hawking their pies for $7 or $8 bucks, a little bakery out of Washington state was offering a huge 40 oz Deep Dish Apple Pie for $3.48 cents!. Certain that this was not priced correctly I was ready to abandon the pie at checkout should the pricing be wrong. After all, you can't buy a "piece" of pie in a restaurant for the price of this huge pie.
As I checked out I was on high alert for a different price to pop up on the scanner screen. But, sure enough, this hefty apple pie sells for $3.48 at Walmart. I am always thrilled to get a bargain, but being skeptical of today's retail environment, I felt sure this pie would be made cheaply and would certainly not taste good.
When I got home I unpacked my groceries and once again marveled at heft of this 40 oz pie. Since I google everything, I put the pie in the oven and set the oven temperature and bake time per the package instructions, and set off for google land.
I was soon amazed to learn that these particular pies have attracted a cult following. Entry after entry praised the delectability of these pies. One pastry chef marveled that the crust was as fine as can be prepared by the finest bakery chefs in the country. Other boards lamented shortages of these pies in certain parts of the country and said they tend to buy five or ten pies at a time and hoard them against future shortages. Many attributed the fineness of the pies to the fact that these pippin apples are picked fresh, sliced, and layered into the flaky pie crust with great care. One frugal fan praised the bargain price of 8.7 cents per ounce of deliciousness. Another post griped that this same pie could be had last year for only $3.00 even!
As I spent a good half hour googling and listening to the songs of praise for these pies, I began to pick up the scent of apple and spice emanating from my kitchen. The combination of rave reviews and kitchen scents soon took the form of "culinary foreplay". While pleasant I was soon lamenting that I must wait for this apple pie to finish baking, and to further torture me by the prep mandates to wait 30 minutes after taking the pie from the oven before slicing.
Finally, the oven timer buzzed and I hurried to the kitchen and removed a lovely golden crust pie and set it out to cool. I loitered around the kitchen just to drink in the aromatic ambrosia of apples and cinnamon, took out the pie knife and made ready for slicing. I continued the "busy-ness" of waiting by setting out a pie plate and fork. I carefully folded a paper napkin and set it beside the plate.
At long last the pie cooled to a slicing temperature and I cut a small slice for tasting. I was fully prepared to add a dollop of Cool Whip on the next slice but wanted to savor this pie in its "native state".
So did the pie live up to all the ethernet praise? You betcha! A delicious blend of tart and sweet assaulted my taste buds and the buttery flaky crust added immensely to this marvelous deep dish apple pie.
In an age where many of us parents would be grateful just to not be told to "go f*ck ourselves" you may enjoy reading of a time when parents were respected, honored...and yes, even loved.
I have a love-hate relationship with the Food Network. I really like that "Guy" guy who does "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives". The spiked frosted hair, the shit-eating grin and his likable personality makes any show he does fun to watch.
I also like Bobby Flay, especially his "showdown" shows because you're really watching the best recipes anywhere. Bobby's approach is straight up and what you see is what you get. He's also a graceful winner and loser.
Okay, now for the low-down on the female network stars. Let's get Paula Deen out of the way right away. Go to my blog search block and type in "Buttering Up Paula Dean". That pretty much says it all. Basically, Paula is really trying to kill you. If you made her recipes for a month you'd be dead from a massive heart attack. And take a look at her hubby (he appears on the show when anything deep fried is on the menu). Her hubby, "Mud, Slud" or whatever she calls him, looks like he's getting ready to explode any minute. Fifty pounds ago Paula herself was probably a pretty lady but her love for butter has done her in. That's all on Paula, "y'all".
Next comes the FD's darling, Rachael Ray. When I first started watching "30-Minute Meals" I enjoyed it.
Then Rachael got overexposed. She started pimping cookware on Home Shopping Network, feigned gourmet orgasms on "$40 Dollars A Day". Just watch her as she takes that first bite on $40 Dollars. She always has that same mad look as if she's just had the orgasm of her life and you can see her squirming erotically in her chair as she takes that first bite of ambrosia. Folks, let's face it; being able to dine on $40 dollars a day is no big deal. Hell, give me $20 bucks and I'll eat as well as Rachael...and without the drama. Now Rachael has her own day time talk show. I watched it for about a week until I reached the "cutesy" gag factor and switched channels. As to Rachael's appearance, I'm sorry but the lady is built like a 2 x 8 board and her trailer park outfits do nothing to enhance the image, much too tight for her wide frame. When she goes the naked belly, low rider pants route, well, that's just obscene. I did note that Rachel got a make up lady when she began her talk show and her appearance has improved a bit. Sorry, Rachel, can't watch you anymore...even for 30 minutes.
Giada....Ah, Giada. She has the best rack on television and she knows it. 98 percent of the time Giada wears low cut blouses showing cleavage that will make any man put down the remote. Giada almost always uses a spatula for mixing which causes those wonderful titties to jiggle madly and sends this viewer into ecstasy, hoping one day one of those boobies will pop right out. Giada's hands are her worse assets; watch a closeup; her hands look like she's been doing fish net duty on a commercial fishing boat. That's okay; nobody's perfect and I'll keep watching just to stay 'abreast' of Giada's cooking.
The Barefoot Contessa..I have never liked her pretentious and snobby manner even before I learned that she had refused to honor a 'Make A Wish' to a child who wanted to appear on her program and cook with her. She is severely overweight and her whole life seems to be centered on cooking and eating. When she includes her height/weight proportionate husband on the show she seems to smother him with food, as if that were all she has to offer him. Ironically, her photos of an earlier time show an attractive lady so it's too bad that natural prettiness is buried beneath 250 pounds of lard and miles and miles of snobbish arrogance.
Sandra....you know her...she's the one that mixes grocery store ingredients to supposedly prepare gourmet meals. When she's finished preparing the meal she creates all kinds of party decorations to enhance the presentation of hamburger helper au gratin. She's educationally ignorant and often tries to 'pass' by mixing formal speech with country cracker contractions. She's had more DUI's than Mel Gibson and is clearly "trailer trash got lucky".
"Cooking for Real"....you know..the black lady with the Dinel Wig that looks like it has never been washed. (If that's not really a wig I'm really scared!). Her meals are simple and easy to prepare but I don't think I could eat her cooking; she looks hygienically challenged. And, yes, I've seen her "double dip" with the spoon many times.
"Delicioso"...Ms Hoffman is a knockout. A great grill and rear bumper! The sexiest lips on televison. I don't care what she's cooking, I'll watcher her boil water!
The wild looking broad on "Secrets of A Restaurant Chef". Looks like the female version of Guy on "Diners". I like her personality; happy go lucky and will tell you to go to hell in a minute.., lots of sass..
It was Christmas, 1956. My dad had not left us yet. As Christmas neared my sister and brother and I began chattering about Christmas trees and Santa Claus. Our dad loudly squashed the idea of a Christmas tree. I can't remember why. Despite our pleadings and my mother's urgings, my dad stood firm.
My dad was working at the time but his earnings often went for some new doo-hicky for his late model pick up truck. As we grew older we were to eventually learn that a new truck took precedence over everything else with my dad. My mom was working at a Chinese restaurant in town, pulling in .50 cents per hour, plus tips, which were meager in our blue-collar little town.
The wonder of Christmas is that kids are more than willing to face the headwinds of reality and continue to wish for presents and Christmas trees. We were no different. My brother and I wished for Roy Rogers six-guns and holsters and my sister pined for a baby doll.
As Christmas neared, and no tree appeared, with no signs of presents, we finally began to accept the reality of a sparse Christmas Eve. As we walked home from school we began peering into the windows of neighbors and admiring their Christmas trees with gaily wrapped presents around the tree.
On Christmas Eve morning arrived we arose excitedly because the local theater was presenting a free Christmas show for the city's children. As we ate our breakfast oatmeal and talked excitedly about the free movies our mother hushed us, reminding us that dad was sleeping because he would be working the swing shift at the cotton mill and was already in a bad mood. We quickly quieted down lest he awake and quash our trip to the movies.
Our mother left for work on the day shift at the China Cafe and cautioned us again to keep quiet until we left for the theater. We played outside and then about noon we set off for the theater. Though we had no hope for a Christmas snow in our central California town, the fog had rolled in and we delighted in walking through the whispery fog. Sounds of traffic seemed dampened by the fog as we crossed the busy highway on our way to the show. As we arrived at the theater the fog was beginning to dissipate and a weak December sun struggled through the clouds. We soon joined an impossibly long line of kids awaiting entry to the theater. The smell of popcorn and chocolate candy permeated the theater lobby as we rushed to claim a seat. For the next four hours we were entertained by a Tom and Jerry cartoon, a Bugs Bunny feature and two westerns; a Gene Autry flick and a Roy Rogers western. As my brother and I watched Roy dispatch the bad guys we lusted after those pearl handled six guns holstered in magnificent leather holsters.
As the final feature ended the theater went dark and we began to rise to leave when all of a sudden we heard the familiar "ho-ho-ho" of Santa! Soon a spotlight shone on the fat jolly fellow on center stage and he carried over his shoulder a substantial royal velvet sack. Santa then beckoned all of us to line up on each side of the aisle and come down to the stage for a treat. As my sister and brother and I lined up we were soon rewarded with a small satchel of candy and nuts.
We all happily began walking home with our Christmas treats. Licking peppermint candy canes we were immersed in the pure joy of Christmas. As we neared home the winter sun was giving away to the shadows of evening. As we turned up the drive to our home we saw our mom's car was home and we hurried into the house, each of us bellowing with the tale of a magical Christmas afternoon. Our mom laughed and hugged us and beckoned us into the kitchen. As we came into the kitchen she waved a hand toward a two-foot high "Christmas Tree" perched grandly on a table at the kitchen bay window.
Our eyes shone with delight as we gazed at the beautiful little tree. We oohed and aahed at the little red holly berries which subbed for Christmas tree lights. Bright ropes of popcorn strings ran gaily around the tree and we squealed with delight at the magical apparition of a tree we had little expectation of seeing at Christmas that year.
The magical appearance of a tree now sparked anew our dreams of a visit from Santa. As we ate supper that evening we told mom about the wonderful Christmas show and Santa's visit to the theater. Soon dinner and dishes were done and our mom wrangled us reluctantly to bed.
The next morning we awoke to the scent of morning coffee and mom's traditional cinnamon rolls. We leaped out of bed and ran to the kitchen tree to see if Santa had visited. Our hearts leaped with joy as we looked upon the beautiful Holly Berry tree, now made more lovely by brightly wrapped presents which surrounded it. With mom's blessing we leaped at the presents and madly tore the wrappings to see that Santa had heard our wishes. My brother and I had our six guns and holsters and enough cap ammo to keep the neighbors alert on Christmas Day. Our sister received her lovely baby doll. Throughout that Christmas Day we were joyous and grateful to Santa for such a wonderful Christmas.
The next day I was running around outside, pinging off bad guys with my Roy Rogers guns, when I stopped to look at the Holly Berry bush which grew just outside the kitchen window. I noted a gaping hole in the bush and soon surmised that our "Christmas Tree" arrived only through the good grace of our mother. I turned and went back into the house and walked over to the tree. Peeling back the aluminum foil at the base I saw that mom had planted our "tree" in an old Folgers coffee can. In seeing this, some of the magic had diminished from the Christmas Eve wonder that my eyes had beheld only a couple of days before. Then, intuitively, for that is all an eight year old can understand, I felt a great love for my mom's kindness in giving us a Christmas tree. I went over and gave her a hug which prompted the question "what was that for?" I gave no answer and ran back out to play.
At that tender age, I still credited Santa for my present. But, as the years have gone by, I have thanked my mother for all the gifts she gave us...but, most of all, I have blessed and thanked her for keeping the dreams of childhood alive for another year...and for reminding me that the joy of Christmas is in giving... even when there is so very little to give.
I know a fellow who has been on a quest for redemption for the past twenty years. A man who loved to sing, who had sung every day of his life, suddenly realized that he no longer had enough joy in his heart to ever sing again...and he has not, leaving the art of song to others. Upon the realization that joy had deserted him, he began to take a good long look at his life. His quest began, at first, with a thorough reflection of all that had gone before, the road of life he had travelled in the previous years. He looked at his failures and successes and weighed them, each to the other. Just as a ship's sonar will ping against an object on the scope, his mind pinged out toward all of the relationships he had built throughout his life. He tried mightily to evaluate the level of hurt or joy he might have brought to each of those relationships and carefully measured the distance of the gaps which must be traversed to heal where the hurt exists and build a bridge that might grant easier access toward a more joyful and harmonious link to each heart and soul.
To do so he knew that he must first find peace within his own soul, for he longed for peace and tranquility above all else. The task was arduously difficult, for peace within one's soul can only truly be achieved when redemption for one's mistakes is granted by those who might have become affected by his actions. Alas, the fellow learned that redemption is sometimes just not achievable. No matter how this fellow pleaded for the grace of forgiveness there were those who refused to grant it. His mistakes and failures were too often tossed back to him and his soul remained adrift. No matter how many times he raised his sails to plow forward, the headwinds of the old angers and resentments of love ones left him stranded and lost on an angry sea.
This fellow often set out on distant journeys to loved ones who gathered for all the grand occasions that cry out for familial reunion. On these occasions, simmering just below the level of quiet conversation, or intermittent familial joys, there still brewed the bitter resentments, ready to flare up at any breach of understanding. This made any future efforts toward a rapprochement of loving relationships fraught with tentative and frightening possibilities for further hurt.
I know this fellow well. He has now sadly realized that redemption can only be granted, and not necessarily earned. He now knows that any redemption to be achieved must come from travelling different roads and encountering different faces where the slate of one's relationships are pure and clean and free of unforgiving memories.
Until death takes him....and grants him the final redemption, he must be satisfied with half-full glasses, lonely roads and unfamiliar faces.
Did anyone notice the news yesterday on the latest Food Stamp fraud? American taxpayers were cheated out of $500 million dollars this year alone by secondary grocery stores like 7-11 stores paying out 30 cents on the dollar to food stamp holders, then redeeming the full value of the food stamp cards. Huge profits at our expense! Obama's Attorney General and the Agriculture Department went aggressively after the businesses but not the food stamp recipient. After all, the food stamp recipients are just "victims", aren't they? Never mind that they apparently didn't need the food; after all you can only buy your drugs with cold hard cash.
When Food Stamps were introduced in the late 70's, as part of Jimmy Carter and the Dems unrelenting efforts to reward their electorate, were actually paper stamps. Within a year the drug culture in Chicago, Detroit, New York and Los Angeles were using Food Stamps as the currency of choice to buy their dope.
Rather than address the core issue; whether or not a particular person was deserving of this benefit, or whether program "need" was actually being properly audited, the government decided that Food Stamp cards would be preferable. First, it would completely eliminate the shame that a Food Stamp recipient might feel in the grocery line. Secondly, it would be so much more efficient. After all, how could a food stamp recipient cheat with a food stamp credit card? In recent years, while tax-paying American families have had to forego a night out at a fast food place, the Food Stamp crowd are now approved to enhance their obesity and diabetes just by swiping that Food Stamp card for those Supersize Big Mac combos.
We now know: Never underestimate the ingenuity of a "victim class" that has developed a sense of entitlement unrivaled in our history. Many states have now opted to do away with welfare checks and simply re-boot the welfare recipients credit card. Alas, now we are learning that these welfare folks are now using their welfare credit cards in casino slot machines across the land.
My mom was on welfare for about a year when I was a kid. She and we hated it. In addition to a very small welfare check we were invited to the county welfare office once a month. We would pull up to a dock in the back of the building and go in and get a box of excess agricultural commodities. Within the box was a bag of flour, a bag of sugar, a block of cheese, dried beans and a sack of potatoes. We were also visited at home by a welfare worker who walked through our house, ask us questions about parental care...and embarassed the hell out of us with that state welfare car out front for all our neighbors to see. We hated it and got off of it as quickly as we could.
That's what we need today. We need direct government supervision of benefit programs, active audits, and we need to have welfare recipients to hate it, and want to get off of the program as soon as possible! Instead, we have three generations of Great Society "victims" who demand more and more from the taxpayer.
At the very least, let's make a deal with this "victim class". Let's cut out the shady 7-11 store owner "middlemen" and offer these welfare suckers 30 percent on the dollar in cash in lieu of Food Stamps that they apparently neither want or need. We could balance our budget in a year
Today will be the last entry for my daily blog. I will continue to post to my blog periodically but no longer on a daily basis. I would like to thank those who have visited me almost daily. I'm appreciative of your visits as well as your comments on all the many issues I have written about.
I began my blog on the 17th of January, 2011 and have tried to post on a daily basis. My goals were to entertain with personal stories, educate on our national concerns and motivate readers toward being more responsible citizens. If I have given even a few of you a thought to ponder...or a laugh...or a feel good moment then I will consider my efforts to have been worth it.
As of today I will have posted 256 blogs entries and have attracted close to 40,000 visits during the last ten months. That count is more than many but not nearly enough to consider this blog successful and viable. I have written of such national concerns as illegal immigration, a corrupt and ineffective government and have lamented the apathy of our citizens toward addressing these concerns. I have written of those I love and those I greatly admire.
I have also written of personal life experiences and have enjoyed the writing of them immensely, especially when I receive comments from readers who relate similar experiences. Sometimes I have used humor to poke fun at myself or to illustrate some of the government's folly in trying to govern.
Should you care to visit my blog and read, or re-read any of those 256 blog entries, they are there for you to peruse. To Crystal and Jo and Grenadavet and Just Bob and Pammie Jean, and to all of you "anons" out there that came to visit every day, you have my heartfelt thanks.
Should you wish to be notified of any new postings I urge you to sign up for email notifications on the front page of my blog so that you'll be alerted of any new postings.
Today I'm going to talk about all the things I miss. I've found the list of things I miss gets longer as I get older. I addressed a bit of the fast paced frustration we all face these days in my earlier blog "Futureshock is Here". This blog addresses the things I miss from a simpler time.
I miss "Service Stations" where I would go to have my gas filled up by an attendant who would also check my oil, my wiper fluid, my tire pressure, then wash my windows.......then announce "that'll be two dollars, please"...(22 cents a gallon gasoline).
I miss drinking from a garden hose in the heat of summer and never knowing that garden hoses cause cancer.
I miss the golden era of fast food, before microwaves, when you went to a drive-in and they were forced to make your burger fresh and served to you sizzling on the bun.
I miss going to a movie and a quarter would get you a ten cent movie ticket, a bag of popcorn and a package of Neccos.
I miss my first car, an aged 52 Hudson that had seats more comfortable than any living room sofa, had a walnut dash and a radio that played Elvis with deep rich tones.
I miss my second car, a 1952 Candy Apple Red Buick convertible that ferried my friends and I to innumerable drive-in movies.
I miss drive-in movies where you and five friends could go and see "Attack of The Fifty-Foot Woman" and "The Pit and The Pendulum" for "a dollar a car load".
I miss the time when a loaf of bread in 1960 cost you a quarter...and it cost a quarter in 61, 62, 63, 64 and 65..because we had no inflation.
I miss when large extended families got together for every holiday; you got to compare the cooking skills of all the aunts and grannies and learned to put up with a nerdy cousin or two.
I miss going to school, having a class of 35 kids and all listened to and learned from their teacher..else you went to the Principal's office for the dreaded leather strap.
beautifully stocked grocery stores, more reliable automobiles, the convenience of the Internet and Diet Sodas that really do taste like the sugarized version. (Anybody remember Tabb?, ugh).
But, I do miss many things from the "good ole days". I'm lucky though; I can travel back in memory to re-visit those things; hell, I can even do that while reading my Kindle or listening to my IPOD!
Pardon me..gotta run...gotta go up to the gas station and spend $75.00 bucks to pump my own gas, check my own oil and wash my own damned windows!
The last time I went to a theater to see a movie, the showing was "Forest Gump". I think that was about 1994. I don't like the cracker box theaters, $7 dollar boxes of popcorn and, if I wanted to hear cell phones ringing, I could go to the nearest mall.
However the biggest reason for my non-attendance has been the dearth of good movies, or at least movies that have some interest to me. I do not enjoy computer enhanced car chase action, massive explosions or, in another vein, movies that exploit and degrade the human condition. Even Disney, in the aftermath of the great Walt, has sold out to purely stupfying commercialism. I cried when Bambi lost her mother, was enchanted by Snow White, enraptured by Cinderella and mesmerized by Fantasia. But "old Walt" would not be happy with Pochahantas or most of the other computer animated films without a soul that came after. So many Disney films these days are like wax people, attractive to look at but lacking heart. The Harry Potter series is much more appealing.
Ironically, I absolutely love movies! I'm sure a little of who I am emanates from models of behavior that I've seen in movies. I love the old movies and first thing every day I turn to Turner Classic Movies to see what the fare is for the day. TCM is pure class. By contrast, if you watch AMC you are surely watching the sixth showing of a Stallone or Eastwood action flick...and it'll take you three hours to watch it as you wade through an hour of commercials dispersed every five minutes or so.
A good movie, to me, will have a good solid story, meaningful dialogue and plot and will touch my heart or stimulate my mind.
I learned about social justice from watching "The Ox-Bow Incident", "A Few Good Men" and "12 Angry Men" and "The Grapes of Wrath" and "The Heat of The Night"
I learned about love from "An Affair to Remember" and "Ghost" and "Rome Adventure" and "Charade" and
I learned about history by watching "Roots" and "The Winds of War" and "The Civil War", and not a bastardized account of the Vietnam conflict with "Hamburger Hill" and "Appocalipse Now".
I learned about compassion from "The Ice is Blue" and "Philadelphia" and "Of Mice and Men" and "It's A Wonderful Life" and "Mr. Deeds Goes To Town" and "Mr. Smith Goes To Washington".
I learned to laugh by watching Oliver and Hardy and "Some Like It Hot" and "Blazing Saddles" and "Tootsie" and "The Odd Couple" and "When Harry Met Sally" and "Bull Durham" and, thankfully, many more.
The best movies provide pathos, laughter, spiritual richness, escapism and the inspiration to be just a bit better as a person.
I love Oprah Winfrey. She's smart, well-spoken, funny, and has a kind heart. Although I don't watch her every day, those times when I do I find the show quite interesting and entertaining. I do have one problem with Oprah and that is her "screening process" for those oh so wished for home re-models that she occasionally sponsors. Most irritating are those kitchen re-models. I have watched many of those "before and after" shows and I can barely sit still in my battered old recliner as I watch some yahoo proclaim that they have the ugliest kitchen in America.
Not true. These supposedly "ugliest kitchens" do not hold a pot holder to mine. I live in a house built in 1960 and no where is this more evident than in the kitchen. How bad is it? Well, first, you've really got to watch re-runs of The Brady Bunch to get an idea of the decor; then you have to imagine that Brady Bunch kitchen 50 years later. My kitchen counter tile is kind of a yellowish-brown tone, made more hideous by years of coffee stain and food sediments which have settled nicely into the grouting. The "decorative" back splash tiles have imprints of quaint little coffee pots that were the rage during the Eisenhower administration. The stove top is ancient and was made by a company that went out of business fifty years ago. A few years ago I was so desperate for an upgrade I bought a wall oven to replace the 1960's model. The "new" model was manufactured when Nixon was directing break-ins at the Watergate.
But folks, it is the kitchen cabinets that bring this kitchen to the ultimate hideousness. They are the original 50's cabinets that probably nicely accommodated a 1960's household where the state of the art appliance was a four slice toaster. When I first moved into this house I made a futile attempt to stain the greased stained maple cabinets. I scrubbed and sanded and tried mightily to apply an even coat of cherry stain to the old wooden cabinets. Alas, being the oaf I am, the stain is splotched and uneven and is not much unlike those young men you see walking around with dual-toned brown and blond-frosted hair tones. Really ugly. The cabinet doors do not close, the door clips having long ago given up the ghost. So the cabinet doors stand half-open at all times, inviting the kitchen visitor to see stained oil cloth kitchen shelving.
Tried my hand at painting too! I painted the kitchen walls yellow to match the counter top tile. Ugh! My kitchen lighting is a five-foot florescent light fixture that glows brightly and serves to highlight the quiet desperation that is my kitchen.
Every time I walk into my kitchen (on shit-brown linoleum floor tiles) I am discouraged and disgusted.
So, Oprah, when you choose those folks who are "suffering" under the antiquity of 90's style maple cabinets and simply must replace that ten year old tile floor, you have badly chosen.
Oprah, can you even imagine the stark contrast of MY "before and after" kitchen re-model? Choose ME and my kitchen and win the praise of home re-modelers everywhere! Oprah, you owe me a new kitchen!
Can you remember back, when you were a child, how everyday things appeared to you back then? Can you close your eyes and remember how big grown ups seemed to you?...and they seemed to be even bigger, depending on their level of authority! For instance, my mom when she was mad at me, and coming at me with a switch, was huge and scary! With few exceptions, I always put my teachers on a pedastal and they seemed so big and wise...but they didn't compare to our school principal, who was a very large man whom we held in awe! He was "the enforcer"; you never wanted to be sent to his office, for his spankings with the leather strap were legend!...and most probably, exagerated.
Even mundane things back then appeared larger in the eyes of a child. I still remember our school cafeteria trays; they were made of a strange combination of cork and melmac or something and served as both plate and tray. As we lined up in an orderly fashion at the serving counter our "hair net hostesses" (usually someone's mom or grandmom that we knew) would dole out white bread in one pocket, jiggling jello in another, then we moved on to the mac n cheese or meatloaf or fish sticks or whatever...and sat down on low tables that, for us, we're just the right size! But those plate/trays seemed huge to me back then. Even a brown bag sandwich from home was something we had to maneuver with two hands! And those little half-pint cartons of milk were just the right size.
As I get older, I have the luxury of time to recall those child hood years and it is such a delight to re-visit them! Does anyone remember when we made shoe-box theaters? We would bring to school a shoe box and were shown how to cut a circular hole at the end of the shoe box and a similar one in the lid. We would then make stick figured people and little trees and bushes using plants or materials from the yard. At Christmas time we would make shoe box nativity scenes and then thrill to the scenes as we viewed it through the hole at the end of the box. More spectacular were those little Viewmaster slide machines with the little round disks of pictures of the Roman Colleseum or the Eifel Tower or little dutch people standing next to a windmill. I loved those viewmasters; they magically swept me away to distant lands and peoples!
I wish, when I was raising my kids, that I had the luxury of hindsight; the luxury of time given me now that affords me a better understanding of what the world looks like to a child. I wouldn't have been so tough on them. Perhaps, in an ideal world, grandparents could always be around to temper the harshness that a child faces every single day, whether from a harried parent trying to make a living for his family, or marital discord, or taxing schedule, or for the harshness that comes from a school bully or the frightening real world events for which the child has so little comprehension.
Thank God, I have wonderful children who are wonderful parents. I don't live near any of my grandchildren now so my visits to them are pretty special..and memorable. Although I've never told my kids this, I often look at my grandchildren's photo on Facebook and focus on their eyes....and I try to imagine what they are thinking and seeing at the moment of the camera click. I was also fortunate to visit two of them at Christmas time; it was such a joy because I can now more clearly see what they are seeing....thanks to my own visitations to a child hood I hold so dear.
Like a child peeking through the hole of that little "shoe box theater" I now have the freedom to filter out all of life's distractions and see the magic and wonder that can only truly be seen through the eyes of a child.
There is a lady who lives up in Utah named Kazia Hancock. She lives out in the country with her dogs, her ducks and geese and her goats. In fact, she is known as The Goat Lady. When you look in her eyes you see the sparkle of a bright shining soul looking back at you. Her face reflects an aura of peace and love and contentment. It should; her part time occupation is that of "peacemaker".
Ms Hancock has attended no peace conference nor does she hold official credentials as an Ambassador, though ambassador and diplomat she is.
But Ms. Hancock's best work is reserved for only a select special few; she paints portraits of every serviceman and woman who have given their life for our country. Using a photograph, Ms. Hancock paints an original oil portrait of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice and presents it to the service member's family. She says she falls in love with every warrior she has painted. She loves to quote Father Denis O'Brien of the U.S. Marine Corp:
It is the soldier who salutes the flag, who serves beneath the flag, and whose coffin is draped by the flag, who allows the protester to burn the flag.
As the war toll has risen Ms. Hancock now enlists the help of three other cooperative artists who formed "Project Compassion" to insure every surviving family has a portrait of their loved one. The families love her and speak of the immense comfort this gesture of love and respect gives them. Service members write Kazia and say such things as "thank you....we cannot think of a better example of who we're fighting for than you"..
Yes, Kazia Hancock is indeed a peacemaker. She is the Ambassador to the Human Heart. She is the official liaison between the fallen soldier and his family, giving them, through her portrait, the last whisper of love from the noble heart.
Note: Should you wish to write and thank this wonderful lady for her service to our country, you can email her at ProjectCompassion@manti.com.
My earliest memories of music was the sounds that emanated from a five feet tall wooden monstrosity that sat in prominence in our living room, a solid but ancient Motorola radio. My folks were Okies and loved that four-four beat and the nasal twang of a Webb Pierce or Ernest Tubb singing of forsaken love and honky-tonk heartbreak.
I couldn't relate to those singers but, between radio broadcasts of Roy Rodgers or Hoppalong Cassidy, an occasional song would stir my innocent soul. The first singer that captured my attention was Hank Williams; his songs were melodious, or funny, or achingly sad, and, though I couldn't identify it then, I sensed a genuousness to ole Hank's music. Hank would sing honky-tonk and you just knew he was enjoying himself in some Alabama beer joint off the main route someplace. And when, he sang of heartbreak, my heart would ache a little myself.
A decade later I would join the army of teenagers walking around with a red plastic Japanese red transistor radio growing out of our ears. While we all held vigil until Elvis could be released from the prison of military service, we listened to Roy Orbison and Ray Charles and Ricky Nelson and two stunning new sounds; the fantastic notes from Mo-Town and Phil Spector's "Wall of Sound". You couldn't listen to that music without tapping your feet or rising into a mad dance of glee. And when our young hearts were aching from unrecognized or forsaken or broken love, we could turn on the radio and listen to others singing out expressions of our angst.
As I grew older my appreciation for music expanded to other schools. I found classical music to not be "long hair" at all and could be soothing or dramatic, by turns. I learned to appreciate the sincerity expressed in good gospel music or the gutterly sexual joy or amplified torment expressed in jazz.
Music is truly magical in that it is probably the strongest means to instantly bring back the memories of a particular time in your life. I can hear a song from my youth and instantly be transported to time and place and circumstance! Music is like little "place mats" that allow us to sit down to another place and time and sup from the richness of past.
When music is meaningful to me I can feel a stirring of my soul, the chill bumps appear and I am in ecstasy! And it can happen with all forms of music. When Brian Wilson is singing "In My Room", I am in that teenage room with that old record player, a school pennant and a "Top 40" radio flyer pinned above the bed! When I hear John Phillip Souza I am marching on that parade field on that USAF Officer's school graduation! When I hear Canned Heat or The Greatful Dead or Big Brother and The Holding Company I am in a bunker in Vietnam. Music is better than any time machine; it transports us to a meaningful past in the comfort of the present.
Music is universal but intensely personal. While I can't stand today's music (just as our parents could not stand ours), I am absolutely sure that today's music is as meaningful to today's generation as ours is and was.
Our world is plagued by great troubles and great struggles and pain and heartbreak. And yet, our world is blessed with great beauty as well; the painting arts, the written arts and yes, the beauty of music. Art, and particularly music, becomes the means to express all the life experience.
We must truly give thanks to our creator for giving us the strength to endure all that life throws at us, while giving us the gifts of music and art to express our frustrations and the comfort that they provide.
Last night my daughter emailed me to recommend a Food Network link to a Paula Deen recipe for English Peas. The recipe called for 1) an appropriate sized pot, 2) two cans of English peas 3) a quarter pound of butter. Basically it was "select pan, turn on burner, open two cans of peas, add cube of butter, enjoy". The recipe was so clearly simplistic that it drew a host of very funny reviews.
Let me first say that I love Food Network, have long enjoyed Giada's cleavage as she makes pasta dishes "sexy", really enjoyed Rachel Ray until she became as overexposed as a Britney Spears limo exit, and love to see Bobby Flay get "whooped" by a southern chef with a killer barbecue recipe. However, I've always been a bit put off by Paula Deen and her orgasmic delight on adding huge gobs of butter to every cooking recipe. I'm also always a bit uncomfortable when she has her two sons in the kitchen with her and, as they prepare an old family recipe, like buttered butterbeans, she reminds her sons on air that she bought them their palatial homes. This is so "Y'all will know how sweet she is".
However, at last night's reading of the English Peas recipe, I have fallen madly in love with Paula and want to be her business manager. I can take Paula to new heights of success, far beyond the Walmart Carrot Cake and the pots and pans business.
I will first have Paula endorsing a national brand of real butter. She will be dressed to the hilt, divinely coiffed silver wig in place, and endorse the joys of cooking with real butter, as opposed to the leading tub of margarine; all she need do is curl her lip and point to that yellow tub of margarine and say "I know damn well it ain't butter".,,,:and "y'all know it too!"
The next endorsement will have Paula smack dab in the middle of a Home Depot aisle and she'll hold up a can of WD-40 while in her other hand she holds a tub of butter. All she need say is "To lubricate those rusty joints and stop those squeaky doors, I prefer mother nature's own remedy, Y'all".
Next I want to see Paula stepping out of the shower, dripping wet, scoop out a gob of butter and begin slathering her Reubenesqe body with this versatile product and say "Hey Y'all, Cleopatra enjoyed milk baths but I've never enjoyed a more luxurious moisturizer than what Elsie the Cow provides".
Finally, we'll shuffle Paula over to the late night audience. We'll bring in her hubby, Slud, or Mud, or whatever she calls him. We'll have she and hubby cuddling in a huge heart-shaped Hollywood bed, lights low. Paula will give Mud, Slud a big kiss and reach back to the night table, cup her hand erotically and dip out a healthy helping of butter as she gazes passionately into the camera and whispers "Slud, Mud just loves the pleasure and intimacy good ole butter brings to our passion sessions...camera fade-out, with Slud, Mud smiling devilishly.
Note: Folks, if you enjoy these blogs, let me me know through the comments section just below. And mark me in your "favs" and come back and "set a spell".
Last week the White House was in a frenetic tizzy over a report published in the New Yorker regarding his leadership style. Considering the dearth of any Main Stream Media who dare to criticize the anointed one, the liberal New Yorker story was quite remarkable.
The news article that stirred the war of words between the New Yorker and the White House was in referenced to a White House advisor leak which characterized Obama's foreign policy strategy in dealing with the Libyan uprising was to "lead from behind". Apparently Obama wanted the U.S. to take a back seat to Nato and allow French and British forces to take the lead in providing military assistance to the Libyan rebels.
I found this little liberal tiff a bit amusing. Most of us already know that this Community Organizer "led from behind" since January 20th, 2009. After all, it was Reid and Pelosi who packed all of that liberal pork into the $870 billion dollar stimulus bill that created no jobs. Once Harry and Nasty had all the earmarks loaded into the bill they marched up to the White House and told Obama "sign here". Same thing with the Obamacare bill. Likewise with the debt ceiling talks.
In my fifty years of following politics I have never seen a President so lacking in leadership skills. How can that be surprising about a man who has been coddled his entire life, whether by his white grandparents or the overly generous minority scholarships that provided for his "Community Organizer" training.
The only thing Obama has ever achieved is being deft at campaigning from behind a teleprompter. Having failed as a leader he has decided to enter campaign mode early in a last desperate bid to win another four years of "leading from behind".
First, I want to say that I am not, nor have I ever been, one of those wacky "survivalists" who are carving out caves in Idaho, stockpiling weapons and C-rations, in anticipation of the Armageddon. Having said that, I am very concerned about our country's future and how both national and world events will impact our everyday lives in the very near future.
I truly believe that the current "recession" is much more than that; I believe our present state of the nation is caused by a confluence of events occurring over the past three decades. During this period we have seen the collapse of our manufacturing base, and the accompanying collapse of the middle class who were able to earn a living wage, fund our social safety net requirements, and contribute to our nation's growth.
Secondly, we have seen the total failure of K-12 education as parents struggled to earn a living and disengaged from parent-teacher participation in school performance. Compounding the problem has been massive federal intervention in school management as well as the ballooning of costly and cumbersome school administration bureaucracies at all levels of government. However, the most damaging impact on our school system has been the liberal court mandates that orders us to build more schools, hire more teachers and administrators and buy educational equipment to educate tens of millions of illegal children over the past three decades. Consequently, student learning has declined, graduation rates have plunged and America finds itself on the losing end of Asian countries who are realizing rapid gains in math and science advantages.
Third, America continues to act as if we are the policeman to the world, spending trillions of borrowed dollars to fund our foreign wars. Even more insane, we continue to attempt to fund a massive social welfare system without the funds to do so.
Finally, while we cope with our own massive domestic problems the world is rapidly changing. The two most populous nations in the world, China and India, are rapidly industrializing, gaining wealth, developing a rapidly expanding middle class and placing explosive demand on the world's resources. It doesn't take a genius to figure out that oil, precious metals and food prices will experience explosive price increases.
It puts we Americans in a pretty precarious position. With a decline in a "system-supporting" middle class, a lack of discipline in asserting reasonable government budget management, a declining educational knowledge base we are faced with falling rapidly in the rank of nations.
Well first, you pull your head out of your ass, stop spending much of your time posting inanities on Facebook, give up a little of your "Glee" and "American Idol" watching and learn what the hell is going on in your country and in the world.
Let's figure this out: First, as our debt to foreign nations increase, the value of the dollar will decline. So hold on to your gold and silver jewelry, if that's all you can do. If you, after the government takes half of your income in taxes, still have money to invest, invest in gold stocks, oil companies and agricultural stocks; these companies will thrive as the demand for precious commodities skyrocket.
Next, go down to your Home Depot and buy vegetable seeds; you're going to need to plant a garden and grow your own vegetables. And finally (and tragically) yeah, you're going to have to buy a gun. As the social safety net collapses and three generations of welfare folks no longer have access to the government tit, you can expect a soaring crime wave. Having never learned to provide for themselves, or ponder the future, they'll be coming after what you have.
Finally, to stave off the "bad times"as long as possible, get involved as a citizen and try to vote for politicians that are truly aware and committed to solving our problems.
Yeah, I'm sure a good percentage of you think my "doomsday scenario" will never come true. To those I will only say "may God prove me wrong and you right". I'm not betting on it and neither should you.
In the ten years since George W. Bush came on the national scene I've tried hard to figure him out. Though he proclaimed himself to be a "compassionate conservative" I've always wondered what he really is.
Let me make it clear; I don't believe that Bush was responsible for the recession following 9/11. If anyone is responsible I would place more blame on Clinton for9/11 occurring. Clinton's complacency in dealing with two huge terrorist elements that were strengthened and grew bolder under Clinton's watch are borderline criminal. Doing little of nothing for the 94 WTC attack, not retaliating after the USS Cole was bombed and failing to authorize the CIA strike of the Al Quaida and Osama Bin Laden camp only emboldened the terrorists.
I also don't blame Bush for the financial collapse in 2008; it was Chris Dodd and Barney Frank on the House Banking committee who ignored Bush's warnings to clamp down on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and stop the bad loans to unqualified buyers. And most Democrats refuse to talk about what brought about the banking crisis; it was Clinton's, and the Dem's cancellation of the Glass-Seagul Act which allowed banks and financial institutions to merge business interests and strike down a banking law that had protected us from financial calamity since the Great Depression of the 30's.\
What I do blame Bush for is the hard-headedness which took us into two extended major wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and despite state department council that warned against trying to "democratize" Muslim countries who are capable of a benign theocracy at best. In fighting these two wars for a decade now we have expended trillions of dollars that we don't have and have sacrificed countless American lives in the process.
If Bush had wanted to "avenge" his father's failure to drive into Baghdad during the first Gulf War, why in hell didn't he just go in, take out Sadaam and his sons, and get the hell out? What was the purpose of staying? Democracy? Aint' gonna happen in countries where religion is the overriding influence in every phase of their lives.
With respect to Afghanistan, the Taliban and Al Quaida are in Pakistan, not Afghanistan! They fled! Now what? Do we continue to spend $2 billion dollars a week to fight a war where the enemy has "left the building"? Afghanistan's government is ripe with corruption and the enemy have fled! By all means, let's fight terrorists, but let's do it on our terms! We don't have to have our troops tromping all over the desert, being blown up, injured and killed by terrorist guerrillas! Didn't we learn anything from Vietnam?
Should we now invade a nuclear-armed Pakistan for god's sake? Enough. Bring our troops and all the equipment home. Use the money saved to beef up our harbor security, put our troops on the border and stop this massive invasion of illegal immigrants and spend that trillion dollars here! Hell, it might even pull us out of recession! And if or when we are ever attacked on our soil we have the means to know where that attack originated from and we can do what's necessary to take the threat out.
In 2008 the American people, weary of an extended and pointless war, and alarmed by explosive spending by Bush and the Republicans and Democrats, had finally had enough. We elected a socialist President and we elected a horde of socialist Democrats who have been having an orgy with our checkbook.
When Republicans complain , the Democrats respond with the mantra, "Bush did it too" So what we face today was caused by a hard-headed Texas-Macho free-spending Bush who claimed to be conservative and was anything but.
Why did Bush perform so badly? Well, take it to it's roots. The elder Bush lost an election when he wandered into a department store in the middle of the 91 recession and marvelled at the bar scanner! Scanners had been around for a decade but Bush doesn't have to shop for himself. Always a rich man, he just couldn't relate to the average joe. George W. has fared no better in understanding the electorate. He certainly didn't understand the word "conservative".
So what is Bush's legacy? He was the Democrat's best friend. For the next decade or so, he'll be the excuse the liberals use when they are criticized for those spending orgies they love. Bush and a number of recent Republicans did more to damage the conservative cause than anyone I know.
The latest iteration of Obama's "Tax The Rich" speech is now on the road. Apparently, he has chosen just to ride this mantra right into the next election. It matters not that the top 20 percent of wage earners pay 70 percent of all income taxes. It matters not that, even if Obama's tax the rich plan were passed, it wouldn't raise more than ten percent of the additional $460 billion dollars he wants to spend to "stimulate" the economy (read preserve union jobs and pay vig money to the "victim class" who supports him). It matters not that the Obama/Reid/Pelosi regime's $787 billion dollar pork-laden "stimulus" program created no jobs. It matters not that Obama confiscated $537 million dollars for his solar pal, Solyndra and watched our tax money go down the tube in a company bankruptcy. It matters not that millions of that 2009 stimulus money went to a Chicago Water Park subsequently busted for hiring illegal aliens to maintain it.
Obama now knows that his only hope for survival and re-election is for him to demonize the Tea Party and conservative Republicans for cutting off his "Chinese-funded" allowance. He will have to do the greatest sales job in his long "community organizing" career because he has proven that he cannot lead us out of recession. He now knows that his "hope and change" theme just won't work anymore so he's going to to have to rev up the old Chicago-style political smut campaign to have any hope for re-election.
I believe Obama's campaign thugs took a look at the polls after his grand "performance" before Congress and saw that they did not receive a bump up in the polls and decided they must stop spending time on "governing" and revert to pure politics for the next 13 months. Had Obama been sincere about his Jobs Recovery Act he would have sent his staff down to the Capitol and worked with Congress to hammer out a program. Instead he chose to use the grand stage of the House and the public airwaves to make a political speech in a desperate effort to save his hiney.
Support in Congress for Obama's latest Jobs Recovery Plan as well as his deficit reduction proposals are nearly non-existent. Even CNBC and CNN has been reporting that Obama doesn't have Democratic support in either the House or Senate for his proposals.
So, Mr.Obama will tour the nation trying to sell himself once again. He will appear at specially staged Town Hall Meetings with liberal groups who won't dare to pull a Joe The Plumber and challenge him publicly. However, I suspect even this tactic won't work. The majority of the American people have lost patience with Obama. They have stopped listening. This community organizer thought he could get by with campaigning instead of leading during his entire term of office.
The American people have had enough. He has taxed our patience to the max and now he is paying the price. However, the price he has paid is nothing compared to the price 30 million unemployed and underemployed have paid while waiting for a recovery.
Hey Republicans, Conservatives and Independents! Whether you know it or not you are donating to Obama's Re-Election Campaign Fund. You may not be doing it willingly, but you are.
Obama has, in a last act of desperation, begun to show his true colors. Having failed miserably to resurrect the economy, thus losing the support of the center right American electorate, Obama has retreated to his true base; tit suckers and college students and is promising them more free taxpayer hand-outs to curry their favor.
During the past two weeks Obama has begun circumventing Congress, and democracy again by issuing "executive orders" to force banks to void contract law and re-finance home loans for folks who foolishly paid twice what their home was worth. Already deeply in the red, and bleeding tax payer money at $125 billion dollars per quarter, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are now prepared to absorb a few trillion dollars of toxic home loans. Obama, having made the housing slump longer and deeper through Dodd Frank legislation and an all out assault on the banks, must now try to revive housing by having the taxpayer pay for bad housing decisions. In effect, every taxpayer, regardless of political persuasion, is now funding Obama's catering to his political base.
This week begins the second round of "fundraising". Obama has just decreed that folks who took out a trillion dollars in student loans no longer have to make full payment. Beginning in 2012 student loan borrowers can now make only partial payments to reimburse taxpayers for these loans. Why? Because Obama's economic plans have been so horrible that college graduates no longer have jobs to go to after securing their "Bachelor of Arts in Ethnic Studies". No jobs equals no student loan payback. What should really anger all of you is that, when the Democrats controlled both houses of Congress they passed legislation that totally forgives student loans if they are not paid back within 25 years. Yesterday Obama shortened that period. Now, if they haven't paid back their student loans within 20 years, Obama says "that's okay; don't worry about it; we'll just forgive the loan. After all, it's not my money!"
So, be prepared for more federal give a ways as Obama's reelection campaign heats up. Obama can't win re-election based on his job performance so he has chosen to buy it...with your tax dollars!
Despite the constant blame game going on between Dems and Republicans, when one looks at the facts, America has been in economic decline for more than fifteen years. The decline actually began with the erosian of America's manufacturing base.
When one looks back at developments over the last thirty years we see that the first crack in our manufacturing armor occurred in the early 1980's when Japan began to clean our clock in auto manufacturing. While Detroit was building 20 feet long gas guzzlers Toyota and Honda began turning our stylish and fuel efficient cars for the America market. After one looks at the built in costs of overly generous unionized wages and Cadillac health care programs in Detroit it doesn't take a genius to figure out that Japan, and later the Koreans, would win the war.
Our manufacturing decline was offset by the explosive rise of our technology prowess in the mid 90's as Microsoft and Intel and Cisco and IBM began providing products and services that provided a healthy economic base.
Then came the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). Signed into law by President Clinton, NAFTA opened up trade opportunties. Unfortunately, the trade opportunities were for Asia and Mexico. The U.S., with our built in labor rules and manufacturing costs, could not compete with "dollar a day" Mexican workers and Chinese prison manufacturing labor. Tens of thousands of American businesses collapsed, to include American clothing factories and any number of small and large tooling and manufacturing concerns.
Since NAFTA the American economy has been in a tailspin. We have tried mightily to offset losses in manufacturing by boosting the service sector of our economy. However, in the last few years, even the service sector businesses are migrating to countries with more favorable corporate tax structures and cheap labor. When you call the 800 number of an American business these days you are more than likely will be talking to a customer service representative in Mexico or India.
Another factor in our economic decline has been our big corporations complete loss of civic and community responsibility and the emphasis on the "bottom line" over love of country. Despite all of Obama's faults, he is right on in pointing this out. While he rightly points out that we must reward U.S. companies who employ Americans, his liberal policies are achieving the opposite actions; he is driving more U.S. companies out of the U.S. due to crippling federal mandates with everything from labor union favoritism to the effects of Obamacare on operating costs.
If we are to reverse this long term trend in our economic decline it is essential that we eliminate corporate tax loopholes while lowering corporate tax rates. We must then defeat Obamacare and back off of big government's interference in labor relations. As Obama proposes, we need to reward companies who employ Americans and punish those who don't. Finally, we must either work to tweak NAFTA, and all other future trade agreements, to make them more equitable, or we must begin to impose a tariff on all foreign made products. This is not a new and novel idea. For more than a century of our history foreign trade tariffs were the primary source of government revenues. We cannot hope to compete with Mexico or Korea or India or Chinese prison labor under the current trade regulations.
America has a plethora of problems to work through, to include our massive federal debt, the fraud waste and abuse in entitlements and meeting our current and future energy needs, but our macro economic model has been askew for three decades and must be reformed if America is to ever again prosper in today's economic climate.
Originating in 2010, Just Here for the Beer is Canada’s longest-running, dedicated and continuous beer program on commercial radio airwaves. The broadcast airs on the second and last Saturday of each month and repeats on Sundays on Vancouver’s Flagship sports radio station, TSN 1040 www.tsn1040.ca
Hosted by longtime broadcaster/writer Joe Leary and beer expert Rick Mohabir, the show is then podcast online and available through the various TSN Mobile and Streaming devices.
‘Just Here for the Beer Radio’ is made possible by the continued and generous support of our numerous brewery sponsors.
The show is recorded at a variety of beer-forward bars, pubs, restaurants and tasting rooms around the Lower Mainland.
Our current list of locations features The legendary John B Pub in Coquitlam, Westward Ho Public House at the University Golf Club at UBC; Tangent Café on Commercial Drive, Boston Pizza (Grandview Highway, Metrotown, Newton), The Pint in downtown Vancouver and Second Floor Eatery and Bar on Robson Street.
Mammalian cells cannot use plant sterols. Coalition service members each day. The record has received positive reviews. Communication and travel was made easy. This process is called triage. The exterior design was simple. These ships operate worldwide as trampers. Many tour further abroad annually. Care is required in handling. This view is completely incorrect. Park staff lead regularly scheduled hikes. Accountability and value consistency. The fez remained in general use. Harvard won in dramatic fashion. Further the book states. The battle will then start. Head and body was about. This can cause a chain reaction. The results were perfect. Every comparability graph is perfect. Children run and save the whale 버스 게임. The attention to detail is amazing. Faster teams start the race earlier. The placement test is computer adaptive. This was supposedly a common practice. Disassembly is a stepwise process. Electronic health record system. Carmine dyes tend to fade quickly. Train brakes were operated by vacuum. An incomplete list follows. Fallen trees often become nurse logs.
A fashion and lifestyle magazine. Drake did not create a map. Can provide guider in workday. Many die during transport. Fifth grade will remain as well. The contact play is another example. Grant often mentored younger comics LG Smart che. Fiestas are time to celebrate. Guns to focus on the band. This process is called texture mapping. Clay sitting beside an empty chair. These can handle light aircraft. No suspect has been found. The axes show strongly incurved tips. Small narrow underleaves are present. Archaeological sites are found on both. Label all nodes in the circuit. Studio alliances shifted over time. Tail is short and prehensile. These may then act as pacemakers 엑셀 달력. The subordinate army rank is general. Too many releases to quote here. Both names are in current use. Further communications were kept private. Fully trapped stage floor. Further fieldwork is planned. The hill has a conical shape. The searchers prepare to go there.
Individuals sort out opposite sexes. Louis to handle morning drive. Adults reached from snout to tail. Tambourine players lead the procession. This view has been contested. The pyrrolidine structure is favored. The walls display literary excerpts. Most of the same laws apply. Further awards and prizes followed. Fallen trees often become nurse logs. Currently this is a voluntary program HP Solution Center Download. Preparations start at once. Additional test results are pending. See this map for details. The front cover and record no. The final flit closes the route. Crickets are found in many habitats. The process dragged on. The debate continued the following years. Further export orders followed. There should be no further delay. Based on communist party model. Built for oceanographic research. Garnets are also found here. Bicycles display tax discs. Work continues on the catalogue.
The study yielded interesting results. Important document were kept in that. Thinner stirrups provide greater security. The show included images and music view. This is very convenient in practice. Applications can also create custom views. Minimum veterinary care is enough. The original project was called webdistro. The judge reluctantly agrees. These directly reduce emissions and noise. This process is illustrated below. For the full list see here. Both represent the sound. This helps retain muscle elasticity view. The program is extremely competitive. A species of mouse is present. A head shake is a gesture. The antipode has infinite order. Juveniles were never found. Louis through a dispersal draft. A fishing license is not required. The stitch is now complete. Further cuts are still expected. The focus was on fantasy. The tower was square in plan. This process is known as accommodation.
Listed in alphabetic order. Coding conventions can help. The tail fin is strongly forked. The ship suffered moderate damage. These clams are filter feeders. Opposition to the project was widespread. The list is organized by country. The canopy is forward hinged Download Mega Cloud. Time limits for recovery vary greatly. The study was subsequently retracted. A dolls skeletal structure is simple. But the influence was still remarkable. Plausible scenarios are easy to construct. A few sample paradigms follow. The formal list is used. Structure data for homologous compounds. The lecture went ahead as planned. The young measure long at birth. Lee was assigned to direct. Bush were also on display. Virginia became an author and illustrator. Introduced into service c. The design is symmetrical download. The program has seen great support. The road is still in use. Cultures really build on each other. This structure has continued to date.
Freight transport is very extensive. Listed alphabetically by author. Few surviving cars retain the balancer. The type of bilingual education program. The complete run history is available. This stiffens the tail. Contact time of the cleaning solution. Towns to focus on issues. Some peak time trains terminate here. Such systems usually operate continuously. The process took several forms. Several issues affect such cells. Ships in bold saw combat service. Perfect for a quick warm shower. The route passes several historical sites. Correct installation is essential view. Master classes are held daily. The key schedule is very simple. Officers may purchase tailored overalls. Instrumentation was active at this time. Only road transport is available. Icing the joint may help.
Il viaggio a Reims, ossia L'albergo del giglio d'oro (The Journey to Reims, or The Hotel of the Golden Fleur-de-lis) is an operatic dramma giocoso, originally performed in three acts, by Gioachino Rossini to an Italian libretto by Luigi Balocchi, based in part on Corinne, ou L'Italie by Mme de Staël Rossini's last opera in the Italian language (all of his later works were in French
The Dodge Dart is a transverse front-engine, front-wheel drive, four-door compact sedan manufactured and marketed by FCA US LLC, a subsidiary of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles The automobile made its debut at the 2012 North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan In some non-US markets, the Dodge Dart is sold as the Fiat Viaggio Resurrecting a nameplate used by Dodge for model years
Critical value relationships between landscape elements are presented as the "norm" from which all exceptions deviate. The concepts are presented to augment your understanding of all landscape situations, not just the demonstration on this video.
This video is particularly recommended for beginning painters who have never worked with any of Johnnie Liliedahl's lesson projects. Brushwork and terminology presented relate to all of the other subjects she paints.
Please note that a special combination package, consisting of this DVD PLUS the same project, with additional references, IN PRINT at a savings of $10.00 compared to buying the DVD and the project separately. Please return to the Landscape Section and select item #VFP-1 to receive this special price.
Call us now for help finding a perfect arrangement to capture your thought. We've got floral experts standing by any time.
– A 3hr one-on-one money healing session – that uses a blend of energy work centred on an extremely focused energy clearing
I'm the one reading comic books, talking to trees and wearing fox ears (yes, I actually own said fox ears I can prove it if you ask).
I'm the one binge watching Supernatural from the bathtub, camping in the winter and seeing just how long I can run for (52kms so far).
I'm fighting for a world where you don't need to be overwhelmed by or scared of your sensitivity! Also for chocolate and peanut butter... mmmm....
Большое спасибо за ткань. Отправлена ткань была через два часа после оплаты. Получила быстро. Очень аккуратно все упаковано. Все красиво перевязано тесьмой, упаковано в специальную пленку для транспортировки (с пузырьками). Очень приятно было общаться с таким внимательным человеком. Буду еще раз обращаться в этот магазин. Спасибо за прекрасную ткань
Article. Alternative economics or technopolitics. Activism from agroecological products cooperative consumption
About ICTlogy | Contact me | Disclaimer | Setup of this site | | Done with BibCiter | Design by Pimpampum
Can't beat the price. They work like they are supposed to work. I would have no problem ordering more in the future.
We are a digital press serving the needs of a select group of writers. We are not open for submissions at the moment.
For information to be considered in the next issue please contact Carenne Ludena (This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.) or Ramses H. Mena (This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.) before January 28, 2011.
* Wolfgang Doeblin Prize. A new prize, approved by the Bernoulli Society, will be awarded biennially to a single individual for outstanding work in the field of Probability. More information at http://www.bernoulli-society.org/index.php/news/39/127-wolfgang-doeblin-prize-details
Also, a new mailing list for SLAPEM members has just been created. Messages must be addressed to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
* 35th Conference on Stochastic Processes and their Applications (34SPA) Oaxaca, Mexico, June 19-25, 2011.
* 16th INFORMS Applied Probability Society Conference. Royal Institute of Technology Stockholm, Sweden, July 6-8, 2011.
* Prof. Benoit Mandelbrot passed away in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on Thursday, October 14, 2011 at the age of 85. Read more about his outstanding trajectory at http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/17/us/17mandelbrot.html
* BernSoc publications campaign: We encourage all members to promote Official BernSoc publications among your local librarians!
* From 2011 on BernSoc will offer 70% reduction for members from developing countries plus a reduction for personal hard copy subscription of the Bernoulli Journal. The list of developing countries was also enlarged. For further information see http://www.bernoulli-society.org/index.php/news
MEMBERSHIP: Spread the news about Bernoulli Society Fees for 2011-70% reduction now for members from developing countries
We are once again asking for your help in promoting the society further within our community. The reason is that the Bernoulli Society Council has recently decided to introduce some extended benefits, but otherwise keep the membership fees for 2011 the same as for 2010 (like, e.g., free membership for PhD students). Please help us spreading the news among your colleagues, PhD students, postdocs or whoever might possibly be interested in joining the Bernoulli Society.
For example, members from developing countries are offered a 70% reduction now (instead of 50%) and receive an extra reduction for the personal hard copy subscription of the Bernoulli Journal. Moreover, the list of developing countries (see www.icce2010.org/docs/developingCountries.pdf) for the latter membership and subscription was extended for 2011. Further benefits have been achieved for all Bernoulli Society members. For full information and details, please check the membership information (www.bernoulli-society.org/index.php/membership/membership-information) in the new Bernoulli Society website (www.bernoulli-society.org/) or the recent issue of BERNOULLI NEWS
In any case, we appreciate your help in supporting this initiative for recruiting new members to our society and thank you in advance for your help.
Towel is great to use in the kitchen, bathroom or gym. Great for drying dishes, hands and faces and suitable to put in any sports bag. Towel will regain its fullness after the first washing.
The towel is great to use in the kitchen, bathroom or gym. This hand/sports towel allows you to customize your room with a special design or color. Great for drying dishes, hands and faces....
Decorate your kitchen for Halloween with our Witch Better Have My Candy Dish Towel. Its humorous sentiment will surely make you chuckle. You'll enjoy using it to decorate your kitchen for...
Decorate your kitchen for Halloween with this Set of 2 Witch's Legs and Feet Waffle Weave Dish Towels. Keep both towels for yourself or keep one for yourself and give the other as a nice...
Make a fun statement in your kitchen this Halloween with this These Boots Were Made for Spookin Embroidered Dish Towel. You'll love its humorous sentiment and festive Halloween colors. You...
Add Halloween spirit to your kitchen decor with this set of 2 kitchen dish towels, featuring coordinating Halloween themed prints. Their super-absorbent and durable 100% cotton terry cloth...
These towels become more absorbent with each wash, making it easier to clean up even the biggest messes. Towels are plush enough to be used anywhere in your home including as hand towels in...
Your bathroom will be tricked out by this well-priced treat. The hand towels can serve as bar towels, fingertip towels, kitchen towels, or bathroom hand towels.
Set a haunted scene and add a festive pop to the kitchen with these cotton dishtowels that wipe up messes or dries dishes with ease.
These delightful Halloween themed kitchen towels are the perfect way to dress up your kitchen for the holiday's! Adds a great pop of color for the festive Halloween season!
A set of two 16" x 24" linen-cotton tea towels. These tea towels are a workhorse of the kitchen, whether you use them for lint-free dish drying or keeping hands dry, they'll bring a unique...
The adorable black kitten in a pumpkin patch kitchen towel set will add cheer and festivity in your kitchen. This quality towel made of 100& cotton is tight knit allowing for less lint on...
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link
NiceHash founders criminal family associations comes to light following today's $62 Million hack... - Global Cryptocurrency Press - The latest in bitcoin and cryptocurrency.
Home / bitcoin / hack / nicehash / security / NiceHash founders criminal family associations comes to light following today's $62 Million hack...
Conspiracy theories are flooding Nicehash discussion groups as the criminal past of their CTO and Co-founder's family comes to light.
Matjaz Skorjanc was arrested in 2010, for money laundering, and creating the "Mariposa botnet" which at one point infected 12.7 million computers - he is the son of the owner of NiceHash.
To top off today's strange events, he's scrubbing the internet for traces of his existence, his LinkIn profile that was active yesterday, is now deleted. A facebook profile active earlier today is also gone.
Matjaz was also credited for creating the darknet forum "Darkode" - which was eventually raided and lead to over 70 arrests around the globe.
What's missing from the conspiracy is a clear motive. Nicehash was making good profits, running what seemed to be a legitimate business. But maybe that wasn't enough.
Just a reminder, we're reporting on the speculation that's occurring, at this point, we are not accusing anyone of a crime.
Latest polling data shows virtually everyone now knows about Bitcoin! So, on to the next phase - adoption.
Generally, before something becomes commonplace it goes through the phases of development, awareness, and then adoption. When it comes...
Breaking today - the NYC based financial software, data, and media company Bloomberg has added 3 more currencies to their terminal inde...
It's happened every year since 2015 and this year is no different. The theories as to why however always change. News stories...
It's been a truly great day in the cryptocurrency world! The US Government today met on the topic, with the heads of the SEC comi...
A quick vlog I made upon finding out the news. Being the only reporter to have attempted to confront Bitconnect in person ( that st...
Copyright © Global Cryptocurrency Press - The latest in bitcoin and cryptocurrency. | Distributed By Gooyaabi Templates
blues, funk, New Orleans, rhythm & blues, swing, rockabilly: Big Sale! This 3rd RJ album brings the band's diverse American roots into a solid blues focus with the addition of Johnnie Johnson on seven cuts, who writes three of them, including the sublime mood of "Johnnie's Idea" and the classic stroll of "Slow Drag" It also features a cameo by east coast R & B diva, Rahni Raines, and at times, the full three-man New Orleans-style horn section that the band features at their Mardi Gras Mambofest performances: Rob Sudduth (tenor sax - Huey Lewis, Amos Garrett), Ed Early (trombone - Albert King), and Michael Peloquin (bari sax). With six other originals mostly by lead vocalist/bassist Tim Eschliman (Commander Cody, Etta James), an Irma Thomas classic, a New Orleans brass band romp and a Pinetop Smith Boogie Woogie, a full pallette of top shelf rhythm & blues is delivered on this recording - topped off by drummer Jimmy Sanchez's crazed full- bore second line deviation, "Mighty Fine Day." Also appearing are Caroline Dahl, Stevie Gurr, Anthony Paule and Steve Freund. Total Running Time: 56 minutes.
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : A collection of hot dance tunes starts off with a rare un-issued Edison 'Shufflin' Mose' by Lopez & Hamilton. Features 3 tunes by Ray Miller, including previously unreleased 'Mercy Percy' and one by Barney Trimble Oklahomans.
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1955-1966] Billy Maxted is a name one seldom hears when super musicians are mentioned. Yet, he began his playing and arranging with the likes of none other than Red Nichols from 1937 to 1940. He also played and arranged for Ben Pollack, Teddy Powell and Will Bradley. After serving in the Navy, he provided arrangements for Benny Goodman and Claude Thornhill. In 1947 and 1948 he co-led a band with Ray Eberle. In 1961 his swing version of 'Satin Doll' was in the top of the Billboard charts. (Collective Personnel: Chuck Forsythe, Lee Gifford, Sal Pace, Charlie Treager, Sonny Igoe, Dan Tracy, Jack Lesberg, more)
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1974-1975] The East Bay City Jazz Band was formed in 1970 by Robin Verdier, pianist, and Walter Schwab, at a time when the New England area was realizing a significant growing interest in Trad Jazz. The leadoff tune, 'London Blues' is a seldom heard tune, in spite of the fact that documents show 59 recordings since it was written in 1923. The second and third tunes showcase the excellent vocal style of Jane Campedelli. From the hard driving arrangement of 'Black Bottom Stomp' to the superb rendition of the blues 'Skit Dat De Dat' this is traditional jazz at its best. (Personnel: George Ryan, Andy Kilgour, Bruce Burrell, Fred Walsh, Robin Verdier, Cal Owen, Chuck Stewart, Art Burns, Jane Campedelli)
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1926-1928] The Broadway Bellhops featured some of the most seminal artists of the period, including Red Nichols (trumpet) and Miff Mole (trombone). The Bell Hops came together to produce records for Columbia's budget label, Harmony. Under the leadership of Sam Lanin the Bell Hops formed a unique gathering of some of the most popular and hottest musicians of the time. The Bell Hops came together between recordings with other groups (including Jean Goldkette) and under the leadership of others, such as Ben Selvin and Frankie Trumbauer. (Collective Personnel: Bix Beiderbecke, Red Nichols, Miff Mole, Hymie Farberman, Bill Rank, Don Murray, Frank Trumbauer, Bobby Davis, Joe Venuti, Frank Signorelli, John Cali, Joe Tarto, Vic Burton) (Vocals: a- Billy Jones; b- Harmony Brothers; c- Arthur Fields; d- Irving Kaufman; e- Unknown)
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1926-1928] Despite a music career that spanned more than 50 years, surprisingly little is known about bandleader, Joe Candullo. He was a regular on network radio, and he made more than 100 issued recordings. While the majority of his discs were released, from 1926 to 1929, Candullo was still in the studio, as late as 1954 (and possibly later). He was leading a popular orchestra at the Everglades, a restaurant on 46th Street and Broadway, in New York City. It was with this band that Candullo made his first recordings, on February 23, 1926. By April 1927, Joe Candullo and His Everglades Orchestra were making their first radio broadcasts over WMCA, in New York. (Collective Personnel: Red Nichols, Jimmy Dorsey, Jimmy McPartland, Glenn Miller, Mike Mosiello, Nick Farrara, Ray Bauduc, Sylvester Ahola, Irving Kaufman, Fud Livingston, more)
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : Max Kaminsky led a long and varied life in jazz, playing at one time or another with the greatest musicians in jazz history. This collection includes Brad Gowans, Pee Wee Russell, Joe Sullivan, Eddie Condon, Al Morgan and George Wettling and more.
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1927-1930] Though widely known for his good looks and athleticism, Bernie Cummins was even more highly regarded for his talent as a bandleader. His many recordings (beginning with Gennett in 1924) and his frequent radio broadcasts made him one of the most recognized bandleaders in the country. His ability to perform popular sweet numbers as effectively as his hot dance tunes made him a favorite among wide audiences, from the 1920s to the 1940s. This collection of recordings has been selected from the best of his Brunswick and Victor sessions, which were released under the name of Bernie Cummins and His Orchestra, Bernie Cummins and His Rose Room Orchestra and Bernie Cummins and His New York Biltmore Orchestra. Together, they echo the same energy and excitement as the radios, running boards and DC-3's that have come to symbolize the era.(Personnel: Paul Roberts, Karl Radlach, Walter Cummins, Paul Blakely)
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1940-1955/1963] By October 1939, Joe Sullivan was leading his own band, at Cafe Society, in New York. Sometime after April 1940, he played at Nick's and began a residency at the Famous Door, which lasted until June 1941. Soon afterward, he returned to Cafe Society with a trio and remained there, until 1942. During this same period, he made numerous recordings with his own bands. He also participated in Eddie Condon's "Town Hall" broadcasts and played on several of Condon's Commodore sessions. In the spring of 1943, Sullivan was back in Los Angeles, where he led a band at the Swanee Inn. In 1945, he was featured in a duo with Meade Lux Lewis, at Chicago's Sherman Hotel. In 1951, Joe Sullivan performed on a "Voices of America" broadcast and began touring with Louis Armstrong and His All Stars. In 1952, he participated in several "Doctor Jazz" broadcasts over WMGM. Then, in August 1952, he played his first engagement at Club Hangover, in San Francisco where he settled permanently. (Collective Personnel: Eddie Anderson, Benny Morton, Edmond Hall, Danny Polo, Freddy Green, Henry Turner, Johnny Wells, Billy Taylor Sr., Yank Porter, Pee Wee Russell, Sutty Singleton, Max Kaminsky, Miff Mole, Jack Lesberg, Cutty Cutshall, Jeff Morgan)
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1929-1947] Although it is necessary in any collection of theme songs to include those tunes that immediately come to mind such as Benny Goodman, Glenn Miller, etc. we have attempted to include many bands that the casual listener may not recall. Of course the serious collectors of this type of music will know most of these bands. Although, even the serious collector might find the Johnny McGee theme with his excellent trumpet work new to them. Regarding Johnny McGee & His Orchestra, he made thirty two recordings for the Varsity label between February and June of 1940 yet, the Rust discography of American Dance Bands does not mention the band. Lords Discography does show two tune which are probably considered the bands' jazz sides. There is no question this was a quality band. While the Larry Clinton theme Dipsy Doodle, is well known, it is interesting to know that he never recorded the tune, and the broadcast version included here with vocal by Bea Wain, is the only time she ever sang this tune. Ben Pollack's theme, Song of the Islands, heard here, with the superb clarinet solo by Irving Fazola, is actually the recording that first brought the name of Fazola to prominence. Prior to that he was known almost exclusively in the New Orleans area. If you give a close listen the superb style of Fazola, it is easy to hear why he was the major influence on the musician Pete Fountain. One can almost hear Fazola on some of Fountain's popular recordings. Much has been said and written about how Benny Goodman as a leader in breaking down racial barriers in the music business and all of these are legitimate, but we should not forget other white band leaders who even before Goodman were also making giant strides to break the racial barriers. For example, give a listen to the Leo Reichman band theme. This white band chose a superb black trumpet player by the name of Bubber Miley who was feature soloist on many of the bands best recordings. Willie Bryant was not a musician although as a boy attempted to learn the trumpet. He was however, an accomplished dancer and vocalist in addition to being intelligent, witty and debonair. Although not a musician, he formed a band in 1934 for an engagement at the Savoy Ballroom in Harlem. On his theme heard here, listen for the Teddy Wilson piano and Cozy Cole choke that cymbal.(Artists: a- Van Alexander; b- Don Bestor; c- Will Bradley; d- Willie Bryant' e- Billy Butterfield; f- Bob Chester; g- Larry Clinton; h- Jack Denny; i- Benny Goodman; j- Jerry Gray; k- Mal Hallett; l- Woody Herman; m- Ina Ray Hutton Melodears; n- Isham Jonesl o- Dick Jurgens; p- Hal Kemp; q- Andy Kirk; r- Bert Lown; s- Johnny McGee; t- Glenn Miller; u- Russ Morgan; v- Ben Pollack; w- Joe Reichman; x- Leo Reichman; y- Artie Shaw; z- Chick Webb)
rock, pop, rockabilly, rhythm & western, western swing, roots, americana: 2-CD set ($17.98 list). All previously unreleased tracks from the band that was led by Bill Kirchen and "moonlighted" from Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen... later to become his backing group. This release presents for the first time many popular mainstays of the live shows as well as some seldom heard, experimental studio recordings. These songs represent the early "Rhythm & Western" sound of the group as well as the later four-man, skinny-tie, rock/pop outfit. These recordings have a live-ness and songwriting that's missing from the two previous releases. Featuring Bill Kirchen, Tony Johnson, Richard Casanova (George Strait), Steve Mackay (Iggy Pop), Steve Fishell (Emmy Lou Harris), Don Kennedy, Rick Higginbotham, Tim Eschliman (Rhythmtown-Jive), Austin de Lone (Eggs Over Easy) with special guests Mark Karan (Ratdog) and James Henry. The live CD includes essential tunes that were staples of the band's live shows but didn't appear on the 2 previously existing releases, like Carl Perkins' "Boppin' the Blues," a few Rockpile numbers and the bands traditional rave-up set-closer, Warren Smith's "Ubangi Stomp." 3 songs from the early "Rhythm & Western" days of the band are included: the Cajun fiddling of "Mississippi Sawyer," "Big Mamou" which featured the 3-man section of fiddle, tenor sax & pedal steel and the sassy "Sittin' On Top Of The World," which adds to that section Bill Kirchen's wild trombone. Live recordings are also from Keystone Palo Alto, The Saddlerack (KFAT Fat-Fry), Keystone Berkeley, and Rohan's Rockpile. The studio CD, on the other hand, brings to light a more experimental side of the band. Three of the tracks were recorded live to 4-track in an afternoon as a pre-production session at Different Fur Studios in San Francisco and when heard by Austin's friend Nick Lowe, led to the arrangements for the recording of the Moonlighter's "Rush Hour" album, which Nick produced in London. Many of the other tracks are song demos of originals by drummer Tony Johnson or bassist Tim Eschliman, and several of those were recorded at Tim and Austin de Lone's at-the-time home studio, the earliest iteration of Globe Studios. Although not all of these recordings were Moonlighter projects per se, they happened to have been recorded by the band members and in some cases led to additions to the band's set lists. Studio recordings are also from Sonoma Recorders and Prairie Sun. Mastered by Fred Catero, Tim Eschliman and Tony Johnson. Packaged in all-recyclable mini-double jacket format.
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1924-1931] Sylvester Ahola- Trumpet, Mellophone, Drums. Material from Sylvester Ahola's personal collection. Several sides never issued. Though discographies show only three tunes wiht the Frank E. Ward Orch. there were actually five tunes and all are included here. Much of the material here is from sides recorded in the U.S. while most of the previously released material by Ahola was recorded in England. (Groups: a- Frank E. Ward & His Orch.; b- Paul Specht & His Orch.; c- California Ramblers,; d- Van & His Hotel Half Moon Orch.; e- Bert Firman Orch.; f- Henry Hudson's Melody Men; g- Ambrose & His Orch.; h- Philip Lewis & His Dance Orch.; i- Sylvester Ahola; j- Spike Hughes & His Decca-Dents; k- Peter Van Steeden & His Orch.) (Collective Personnel: Charlie Spivak, Eddie Brown, Phil Wall, Al Philburn, Chelsea Quealey, Adrian Rollini, Jimmy Smithy, Dennis Radcliffe, Johnny Heifer, Bert Firman, George Melanchrino, Sid Phillips, Bill Busby, Annunzio Mantovani, Danny Polo, Ted Heath, Rudy Starita, Spike Hughes, Joe Crossman, more)
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1926-1931] This collection covers very rare short lived bands. In many instances these bands only made one record (two tunes). This collection includes eight different bands and the complete recorded output of each. (Artists: a- Musical Stevedores; b- Trombone Red & His Blue Six; c- Charlie Skeete & His Orchestra; d- Lew Weimer's Black & Gold Aces; e- Jelly James & His Fewsicians; f- Le Roy Tibbs & His Connies Inn Orchestra; g- Hunter's Serenaders; h- KXYZ Novelty Band; i- Mason-Dixon Orchestra).
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1925-1930] This CD traces the group formed by Wilson Robinson in St. Louis from the time they arrived in New York and began playing the Cotton Club in 1925 under the leadership of Andy Preer. After Preer's sudden death in 1927 the Cotton Club owner, Owney Madden, fired the group (and brought in Duke Ellington). The group left New York to accompany Ethel Waters under the leadership of George Scott. They returned to New York sometime in 1928 with the name The Missourians and vocalist Lockwood Lewis and became the house band at the Savoy. These recordings span from 1925 until a month before the Missourians hired a new vocalist, Cab Calloway who renamed the group, "Cab Calloway And His Orchestra" and became the house band at the Cotton Club when Ellington left for Hollywood. (Personnel: Louis Metcalf, DePriest Wheeler, Dave Jones, Charlie Stamps, Earres Prince, Andrew Brown, Eli Logan, Sidney DeParis, George Scott, Williams Thornton Blue, more)
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : Classic early recordings, including four recently discovered tunes and rareperformances from Vitaphone and Paramount shorts. Features Bunny Berigan, Jack Teagarden, Joe Venuti, Eddie Lang, Miff Mole, Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey, Adrian Rollini, Tony Parenti and many others. The music, on this compact disc, has been digitally restored using Dynamic Spectrum Sound. Dynamic Spectrum Sound is an exclusive and proprietary restoration technique that removes unwanted noise, while preserving the authentic sound of the original recordings, as intended by the artist. (Collective Personnel: Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey, Adrian Rollini, Jack Teagarden, Tony Parenti, Joe Venuti, Elmer Feldkamp, Eddie Lang, Bunny Berigan, Jerry Colonna, Babe Russin, Andy Sannella, Arthur Schutt, more)
swing, jazz, blues, rhythm & blues: This Johnny Nocturne CD is unique in that it features all three vocalist that have worked with the band over the years. All the tracks are previously unreleased. Brenda Boykin performs a beautiful rendition of "When Did You Leave Heaven," Kim Nalley is her usual sassy self with "That Cat's Evil," and Ms. Dee comes on with a bluesy take on "You're Nobody Till Somebody Loves You." Firmin and the band continue with the unique mix of jump blues, small band swing, soul and jazz. "Good to the Damn Bone," is the first tenor sax, B-3 instrumental feature by the band. Firmin and Henry Salvia swing through this classic Willis Jackson blues head. This CD is a good introduction to this band if you haven't heard them yet. And a must addition to any previous Nocturne CDs.The Johnny Nocturne Band on these recordings is John Firmin / Johnny Nocturne: tenor sax and leaser; Henry Salvia: piano and organ; Alex Baum: bass; Anthony Paule: guitar; Keny Bryson and Terry Baker: drums; Marty Wehner and Derek James: trombone; Rob Sudduth, Marlo Green and Danny Bittker: baritone sax; Pete Sembler and Bill Ortiz: trumpet; band and Kurt Pasch: background shouts.Produced by John Firmin with Alex Baum and David Luke.Graphics by Mitsuko Baum.
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1926-1928] The complete recordings of Nat Shilkret's All Star Orchestra. Featuring Benny Goodman, Tommy Dorsey, Glenn Miller and Jimmy McPartland. With Miff Mole, Joe Venuti, Carl Kress, Johnny Marvin and Chauncey Morehouse. In all, the All Star Orchestra made 18 recordings, from December 1927 to November 1929. Of these, 16 were released. While jazz enthusiasts will find much that is significant in these recordings, there are two which stand out above the others. These are the recordings of 'I'm More Than Satisfied' and 'Oh, Baby!' Both were recorded on March 21, 1928. The session was Benny Goodman's first, in New York. It was also the very first time that Benny Goodman recorded with Tommy Dorsey. At first glance, the band's name might appear to be just another case of over-used hyperbole. Except among those who were most acquainted with the band's members, this might have seemed the case, even in 1928 and 1929. But looking back, today, we know that Nat Shilkret kept the band true to its name. For it was, in fact, an All Star Orchestra. (Personnel: Benny Goodman, Tommy Dorsey, Glenn Miller, Jimmy McPartland, Miff Mole, Joe Venuti, Carl Kress, Johnny Marvin, Chauncey Morehouse).
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : {1936-1940] 25 track collection contains the complete recordings of clarinet/saxophonist Toots Mondello and His Orchestra, including nine of his best recordings with Benny Goodman and others. Also feautures the bands of Claude Thornhill, Ziggy Elman and Dick McDonough. Many of the selections on this CD are alternate takes which spotlight Mondello's solos in place of solos featured on the issued takes. (Personnel: Dick McDonough, Claude Thornhill, Ziggy Elman, Metronome All Stars, Benny Goodman).
BIG BAND, SWING, TRAD JAZZ : [1925-1931] Heavily influenced by the new sound of jazz, Paul Specht became one of the most popular and innovative bandleaders of the 1920s. In addition to successfully pioneering the "band within a band" concept, he was the first to lead a dance band on broadcast radio. Features Artie Shaw, Larry Alpeter, Johnny Morris, Bob Chester, Sylvester Ahola, Roy Smeck, Arthur Schutt, Charlie Butterfield, Al Philburn, more. Tracks are from 1925-'31. (Collective Personnel: Artie Shaw, Larry Alpeter, Johnny Morris, Bob Chester, Sylvester Ahola, Roy Smeck, Arthur Schutt, Charlie Butterfield, Al Philburn, more).
Archival photo print was scanned at St.Petersburg Museum of Theatre and Music Arts in 2002.; Traditionalism; Stylization
found: El país WWW site, view Jan. 23, 2017(in obituary dated Jan. 23, 2017: Bimba Bosé died Monday [Jan. 23, 2017] in Madrid at age 41; model and singer; b. Eleonora Salvatore, Oct. 1, 1975, Rome, Italy; also participated in proyects in film and television; had small roles as an actress on series such as La que se avecina, and debuted in film with El cónsul de Sodoma; recently appeared in the film Julieta)
We love driving them - and because they are so beautiful we also enjoy drawing them. We've decided to offer these great calligraphic drawings as high quality prints on a range of Custom T-Shirts, Hooded Sweatshirts and Coffee Mugs.
The designs concentrate on simple, elegant images without any clever wording, but if you want us to add your own unique message that's also possible for a small extra cost.
We're a bit old-fashioned and hate walking around with big company branding plastered all over us. So we normally print a small web address on the sleeve - just in case anybody else sees what you're wearing and wants to know more. But we'll print your garment without it if you want.
If you can't find the Citroën model you want - tell us what you would like and we'll draw it for you. We'll give you a price, depending on whether it is to be exclusive to you or if we can add it to our stock of drawings.
We use excellent heavy quality T-Shirts, which are available in a huge range of colours. The secret is to choose print colours which complement the garment colour.
Some of the colour combinations suggested on this website might seem a bit unusual, but they do look great and some are more subtle than others. If you want something different to these, describe your ideal colours and we'll get as close as we can, and you can decide when you see the visual.
All you have to do is e-mail us with your garment type, colour and size, along with your chosen design and print colours (plus any special instructions). We'll e-mail you back with a screen visual to check, and confirmation of the price.
When we know you are happy with what you see, we'll send you a PayPal money request (payable instantly by card or PayPal account). Normally you'll receive your uniquely printed item by post within a couple of weeks of payment, but if it's urgent we'll do our best to meet your deadline.
And because these prints are very bespoke, you might need to talk about something to a real person on the end of a phone. Please call Dan anytime on: 01422-881436 - he can't guarantee to be in, but if you mention id19 and leave a name + land line number he'll get back to you soon as possible.
2) Poverty – Increase the poverty level as high as possible. Poor people are easier to control and will not fight back if you are providing everything for them to live.
3) Debt – Increase debt to an unsustainable level. That way you will be able to increase taxes – and this will produce more poverty.
4) Gun Control – Remove the ability for citizens to defend themselves from the government. That way you will be able to create a police state.
6) Education – Take control of what people read and listen to – take control of what children learn in school.
8) Class Warfare – Divide the people into the wealthy and the poor. This will cause more discontent and it will be easier to take (tax) the wealthy with the support of the poor.
Who was Saul Alinsky? Saul David Alinsky, a writer, was an American community organizer . He is generally considered to be the founder of the modern community organizing movement. (Socialism/Communism) He is
This website is non-partisan and is solely dedicated to removing the harmful controls placed on our state and nation through Agenda 21 and its associated programs. We invite all Idahoans to join us in this fight for freedom!
Join moderator Robert Costa for a robust roundtable discussion with award-winning journalists who provide reporting and analysis of the major stories emanating from the nation's capital.
Description Medium grayish green diagonal fine rib cloth; vertical paper onlay on right with Fisher portrait of a woman; lettered in white on left, blindstamped thick rule border; white lettering and blindstamped rules on spine.
Additional rights information NO COPYRIGHT - UNITED STATES. This item has been determined to be free of copyright restrictions in the United States. The user is responsible for determing actual copyright status for any reuse of the material.
Cookies used for the essential operation of the site have already been set. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our privacy policy.
Subject support from Library Services for staff and students in Geography, Earth and Environmental Sciences
This page brings together key resources for the students of Geography, Earth and Environmental Sciences. Use the tabs above to help you find books, ebooks, articles, journals and more
Here are a few important resources to help you on your way: hover the cursor over the 'i' icon in each case for a pop-up with more information.
Very Short Introductions are a great way to find out about a new subject, consider study options, or revise a topic. The University of Birmingham now offers full access online to all 579 titles covering a broad range of subjects across many disciplines.
If you are looking for a specific title, you can search for it on Findit@Bham as you would any other book eg African Politics: Very Short Introduction
Launched by Oxford University Press in 1995, Very Short Introductions offer concise introductions to a diverse range of subject areas from Climate to Consciousness, Game Theory to Ancient Warfare, Privacy to Islamic History, Economics to Literary Theory.
Set up an free personalized account so that you can save a list of your favourite books and chapters and notes on your reading
One-to-one and group sessions are available from Academic Skills Advisors, delivered in appointment rooms. Please contact the Academic Skllls Team to book.
This guide contains sources for finding information in the field of Criminal Justice. Click on the tabs at the top for links to different categories of resources--reference materials, articles (in online databases), books, and websites.
The following links to libguides in other disciplines may also be of help for finding resources for the study of Criminal Justice:
When we’ve been hurt too many times, we tend to build protective walls around our vulnerable hearts. The more pain we’ve experienced, the stronger we build our walls. It makes sense! But what we construct to keep the pain away, can also shut out the joy.
I work with my clients to build their own internal strengths, so that little by little their need for such big, strong, impenetrable walls starts to diminish. They learn new skills to enable them to stay safe. They begin to see themselves as sturdy enough to handle the inevitable ups and downs of life. It doesn’t mean they don’t feel pain, but they no longer have to hide.
It’s true that when we allow ourselves to open up our hearts, and let others come close, we may risk future losses. People sometimes change over time, and the relationships that seemed so promising, can wind up ending. We might lose loved ones through tragic accidents or terminal illnesses. People might move far away, and we sometimes lose touch. It’s all possible, but the fear of loss can trap us into running away from the potential for joy.
Life is unpredictable. Being brave and facing down our fears, opens the door for joy to find us. For however long it lasts, joy is worthwhile, and brings an undeniable richness to our lives. Please don’t allow yourselves to isolate, and stay trapped behind your protective walls. Break free and reach out to others. Celebrate the joyful possibilities!
Archives Select Month April 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 April 2012 March 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009
Linda Menesez, MSW, LCSW has been a psychotherapist since 1996. Her deep empathy for what her clients are going through comes from personal experience. One of her joys is helping people find their way to a healthier, happier life, where they break through their limitations and see their uniqueness and potential.
CULTIVATE PRESENTS: Something Blue, An Art Exhibition, an on-line curated art show, united via the theme of “something blue”.
Linde Werdelin has pioneered the use of 3DTP in its Oktopus cases, and now advances the technique by perfecting it for the intricately-detailed SpidoLite case. In the skeletonised and stripped-back aesthetic of the SpidoLite case, reducing the outer case to just 3.8 grams, being able to shape the 3DTP carbon without delamination is a feat of engineering.
The black 3DTP outer case is accented in the dial by yellow and TiN-treated detailing, while it is contrasted with Linde Werdelin’s natural rubber strap in yellow. Parts of the movement – the extremely-skeletonised LW07 – have been darkened with DLC treatments to create a more striking contrast, both in terms of depth and colour, with the yellow and TiN details in the dial and other parts of the movement.
The LW07 movement (its moniker indicated on the TiN-treated bridge) and open-worked dial combine to expose a simple power reserve indicator near 5 and 6 o’clock, its position revealed by a red arrow. The power reserve indicator, true to the Linde Werdelin aesthetic and philosophy, is elegant in its simplicity; it is functional and blends harmoniously with the rest of the dial. The Trigon pattern can once again be found on the open and skeletonised TiN-coated barrel cover, a design signature for Linde Werdelin.
3DTP is a marvel of engineering. Differing from traditional carbon fibre composites or forged carbon, 3DTP involves a technique of layering thin sheets of carbon that took many years to master; it took a further two years to perfect for the angular Oktopus case, and yet another two to perfect for the skeletonised SpidoLite case. The resulting case is both strong and lightweight, becoming Linde Werdelin’s lightest-ever timepiece.
Pound sterlingBitcoinEuroUnited States (US) dollarDanish kroneJapanese yenAustralian dollarUnited Arab Emirates dirhamSwiss francNorwegian kroneSaudi riyalSwedish kronaSingapore dollarChinese yuanHong Kong dollarIndonesian rupiahSouth Korean wonMexican pesoMalaysian ringgitQatari riyalNew Taiwan dollar
Eloise, our Linde Werdelin Advisor will be happy to help you complete your purchase or answer any questions.
SpidoLite 3DTP Carbon – 3D MovementInformation on another productOrder assistancePrevious purchase / servicingPressOther
奈美（広瀬すず）にとって憧れの存在で、とにかく美人でクールな奈々を池田エライザ、板谷由夏が演じる“サニー”のリーダー・芹香(せりか)の高校生時代を山本舞香、小池栄子が演じる裕子(ゆうこ)の高校生時代を野田美桜(のだみお)、ともさかりえが演じる心(しん)の高校生時代を田辺桃子、渡辺直美が演じる梅(うめ)の高校生時代を富田望生が演じます。それぞれ現代の大人“サニー”たちの面影を感じられる、見事な配役が実現しました！彼女たちの舞台となる90年代は、まさに女子高生が日本の中心にいた時代。最強女子高生コギャルたちが、全力で青春を謳歌し時代を楽しむ、夢と刺激に溢れた日々を描きます。
The summer season is always fast-paced – but this year we’re exceptionally busy with our buyers and sellers. We’re on track to have our best summer yet! Let us know how we can help you, too! Here’s a few more properties that are either coming soon or will not go on the MLS. Spicewood/Sola Vista: […]
Here’s our latest edition of Off Market Monday, where we bring you homes that will be coming soon to the MLS! Most of these homes are found on our closed social media Realtor groups – it’s great to have access to these homes so we can get our buyers in the door first! A funny […]
The weather is heating up – it’s almost as hot as the housing market in Austin! Okay, I know that’s pretty cheesy, but it doesn’t mean it’s not true! There’s only 2.2 months of inventory in Williamson County, homes spent an average of 64 days on the market — and the median price went up […]
Pride of ownership shows from the second you arrive. 1-story 4-bedroom home with open plan, massive living area, spacious kitchen w granite and huge...
1-story, 3-bedroom / 2-bath home on large lot in Cold Springs. Recent carpet & interior paint! Study & Formal Dining/2nd Living. Open kitchen with...
*On trend farmhouse style in Serenada on large lot with in ground pool, hot tub and man cave – bonus ~200 sft not incl...
"Kiersty is a very thorough real estate agent. Her attention to detail and aim to please made selling my home quick and easy. She obviously is very knowledgeable in the real estate business. She and her staff were very responsive to emails, texts and phone calls at all times."
"Even before we put the house on the market Kiersty came over and did a walk through of our home and told us the things we needed to do in order to make sure the home was “show” ready. We listened and did everything she suggested and boy was she right! "
"Kiersty, I want to thank you so much for all the hard work you did to sell our home in Cedar Park. You were professional, knowledgeable, and made the whole process much easier."
Thank you Kiersty and Lisa for doing such a great job helping me to sell my home. Your great contacts (handy-man and stager) did top notch work at the right price to help me prepare my home for the market.
Whether moving your family, investing to pay for college, or selling your home – we are laser focused on your needs and goals, keeping the real estate process streamlined, professional and drama free. For the last decade we’ve helped hundreds of clients buy, sell and invest in real estate in Central Texas. We look forward to building a successful relationship with YOU.
We’ve been successful at this for a long time. We were here to counsel during the recession … and during the good times, we’re here to help you capitalize on your investments and make good selling and buying decisions.
Copyright © 2018 Vivace, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Licensed in Texas. Equal Housing Opportunity. | Click for information about Brokerage Services Notice. | Website by Shores Media.
Thomas Sabo has been around a number of years, having great success with both it's Jewellery and Charm Club range, with an even more exciting year ahead things look very good for Thomas Sabo this year.The new Thomas Sabo sterling silver collection captures the spirit precisely - with expressive styling full of joie de vivre, full of sensuality and passion. It is precisely this enthusiasm that drives Thomas Sabo, characterises its design - and which is reflected in each and every item of Jewellery for the last 25 years. Enthusiasm - Passion - Creativity and the love of Jewellery creations that unite their joy of design with the pleasure their customers experience wearing it. The motto of the new collection is 'Love & Peace' - as a homage to everything that has moved Thomas Sabo over the past quarter of a century; the love of what they do.
Please enter the Email address of the account, of which you wish to receive the password. Your password will be emailed to you on same address.
Since indirect effects, feedback mechanisms and time lag play an important role in top-down manipulated food webs, conclusions regarding the reliability of biomanipulation as a management tool should be derived only from whole-lake studies, the results of which were followed for at least three to five years. There are only a few experiments and applications of that type from which the following conclusions can be drawn: (1) Food web manipulation should be combined with resource limitation measures (nutrients or light) if a ‘biomanipulation-efficiency threshold of the phosphorus loading’ is exceeded. (2) The critical biomass of undesirable fish shows a very wide range of variation (20–1000 kg ha−1) and depends on several factors, like species and age of fish, total food assemblage, refugia etc. (3) The maximum possible stability of food web manipulation is probably achieved at a biomass of undesirable fish a little below the critical biomass rather than by extermination of these fish. (4) High piscivore diversity increases stability and reliability of food web manipulations. (5) Various techniques of food web manipulation should be combined, except poisoning the entire fish community.
food web manipulation whole-lake experiment long-term response phosphorus loading fish water quality management
These two profound statements entails enough stuff to stimulate our private thoughts for a scintillating public discourse, and while doing so, we are greatly susceptible, and are bound to go out of course as we are dealing with the “sense of love” and the “sensibility of romance”, though we are genuinely attempting to do so with the subject without any “pride and prejudice…”
This four letter word “LOVE” is such a beautiful world, as if it is the world and imagining the world of emotion without the word love is catharsis, and involuntarily, we are all in mythical enticement by the world of love. In its purity, it is perhaps the most powerful force that binds the humanity, and the moment it gets diluted with a tinge of impurity unlike the gold where alloys has a binding glue to brighten the bondage of glamour in ornament, here in, alloying the human relationship it surreptitiously losses it’s glitter.
There is a history and a geography that defines us as human being and our existence. The world of humanity is also a world of relationships. It has the force of love and the course of romance to reach its colorful composition and musical manifestation. The world of artistic people is a world full of romance.
Any IDEA can become fragile the moment we start trimming the wings and limit the swing it had inherited during its genesis.
There is an intrinsic value that has its root at the inception of an idea and we should protect that umbilical cord to get the constant feed without the filters, to nurture and nourish with all its beauty and bounty that was with a deeper purpose bestowed at its conception.
Romance is where love begins and it is physicality of love that it gets romance its bad name…the genesis of romance was never designed to define only the physical engagement of human relationship. But it has conjured the predominate part, there is no dispute that it is a skewed and it is a perception, time has come to change that perception with a new perspective…
And here lies the fault line where it has kept many other forms of relationship apart, and that is most sad part of the tale of romantic relationship.
And here lies the fault line where it has kept many other forms of relationship apart, and that is most sad part of the tale of romantic relationship. Click To Tweet
The idea of “ROMANCE” has got haplessly entangled in the contours of physical world and between two physical bodies, and over the period it has been stifled in the structure of physical engagement. It is high time to unshackle the beauty of romance from the physical clutches, and broaden its emotional rendezvous and widen the powerful idea of romance; otherwise it may well get strangulated to death.
The idea of romance limited to two people in love is myopic in its outlook and repressively restrictive in entirety. Though the definition of romance is a pleasant little feeling in our relationship, and that very feelings accrue multiple manifestations and we crave for it and cherish those moments which are magical in its avatar.
Romance by very nature is a creative composition of the human relationship and it is not merely an expression of only emotion but an engagement of intellect.
There is so much in romance that one can discover the potent creativity that is either in hibernation or had never got the wings to fly, there is serendipity, romantic people are fundamentally creative in nature, vice-versa, and creative people are treasure-house of unbridled romance.
It is just that they happen to choose one such motion towards creative endeavor to unleash this very facet of emotions.
BLOGGERS are creative people and they are intuitively expressing their romance through the magical platform called blogging. They are breaking the barriers and are playing the significant role of broadening the horizon of romance beyond the physical place and making it digitally relevance. It has a strong resonance.
Romance is essentially a fascinating aspect of freedom. Ironically, romance has become imprisoned in the physical dimension of relationship, between two persons and between the opposite genders.
In essence this interpretation of romance has taken the pulsating fizz out of the very idea of romance, and how it has evolved and established its place in the different rooms of human relationships.
BLOGGING is all about expression and engagement, and in the process it enables a beautiful relationship. And where, there is relationship there has to be room for romance, and it is not a stretched extension of the literal definition of romance…it is real romance in the virtual realm. In this very dichotomy between real and virtual is where the art of romance gets the heart of living a loving life.
The quintessential question…how on earth on this digital universe we all connect with others, apparently have no common ground on most fronts except the thought that is intangible and needs time to fructify, we do connect, when we have never met in person and in most cases will never ever meet even after a flourishing digital relationship but it have all the necessary ingredients of the profound idea of romance i.e. building a spectacular relationship that goes beyond the connotation of conventional definition.
Romancing in the digital space and bloggers are an epitome of virtual romance that has so much to offer to a relationship that is beyond the physical confinement and the geographical boundaries.
Romancing in the digital space and bloggers are an epitome of virtual romance that has so much to offer to a relationship that is beyond the physical confinement and the geographical boundaries. Click To Tweet
The idea of romance has got do to so much with relationship and the relationship needs to recast its canvas, and the canvas has broaden its place of operation and spread its wings across the digital space and the relationship as blogger has with the platform and with the community.
There is a deep and strong emotional desire by every blogger to express one’s profound thoughts on the passion that one possess and converse with other bloggers creatively and create a space for a much more meaningful engagement.
ROMANCE to get its due, it needs long-term commitment. Needles to say, it needs dedication, it needs perseverance. Blogger are committed to the cause of connecting and collaborating. They work doggedly with purpose and they have to do so for a long period of time to be recognized in the blogosphere and get the kind of response they all well deserve, and once they start reciprocating with honesty and harmony…one experiences the true romance with blogging relationship.
True romance entails every bit of these aspects of human engagement beyond the boundaries of physical world and conventional composition.
Romance is a mystical force that makes one connected in a profound way with someone and that someone could be any one, and here in the blogosphere it is the blogger.
And the way bloggers converse on diverse subjects with each other with such dissection and providing denotation to deeper thoughts is no less than a romantic voyage, in fact it literally transcend the physical boundary which has impetuously narrowed the all-encompass space of romance in human relationship. Romance has a larger canvas where we need to embrace the diverse colors of kindness to affection to generosity to empathy to appreciation…
In the physical world there is always this debate of man’s idea of romance vs. the woman’s idea of romance, and this infuses prejudices into the eye of romance, it appears deceptively jaundiced that gets squarely dismantled in the virtual world where the idea of romance for a blogger is same and there is no gender disparity.
Every blogger “loves expression” and the “romantic conversation” that follows give a lasting impression, and the conversation to stay the course of consistency needs the potent power of creative engagement.
Unless there is a proportional ingredient of the overwhelming essence of joy, happiness, pleasure and progress, it has the vulnerability of turning stale and we may be staring at a stalemate scenario.
Much like the real world, where it need rejuvenation, here also it is no exception, and one need to keep rekindling the source of romance in the virtual world of blogging, we need to keep ourselves rediscovering every time we feel we are stuck…it’s only through our creativity, and imagination we can keep our inspiration high and not get trapped in a state of dryness.
The holistic aspiration of leading an eternal romantic life where “age and stage” has nothing to do as romance in virtual world is in the “thoughts and mind”, yes we need to be mindful of our conversations and consciously keep out of the confinement of the physical dimension of romantic relationships.
Love is all-pervading in the virtual world of blogosphere, as has been the case in the real world and the compelling power of romancing the virtual space makes the voyage of blogging a fascinating tale to narrate in the real world…
Bloggers are passionately romantic at heart and that’s how they are making the art of blogging reach newer heights.
http://makeupandbreakup.com/2018/02/09/love-for-blogging-and-romancing-with-bloggers/ 2018-02-09T14:39:53+00:00 Nihar R PradhanBloggingBloggers,Blogging,Love,Romance,Valentine,Valentine Day“Love is involuntary...” “Romance is voluntary...” These two profound statements entails enough stuff to stimulate our private thoughts for a scintillating public discourse, and while doing so, we are greatly susceptible, and are bound to go out of course as we are dealing with the “sense of love” and the “sensibility...Nihar R PradhanNihar R Pradhannrp_in@yahoo.comAdministratorTechnology Entrepreneur, Management Consultant, Creative Writer & Idea Blogger... He makes distance with political dogmas and religious doctrines & breaks distance with nature and nurturing ideas. He deals and dwells on innovative titles and intriguing topics. It is a place to get intellectually involved, emotional indulged and spiritually inspired. This blog is all about being bold and beautiful, solid and silence, aspire and inspire, drive and strive, and finally to make and break.Makeup & Breakup
Technology Entrepreneur, Management Consultant, Creative Writer & Idea Blogger... He makes distance with political dogmas and religious doctrines & breaks distance with nature and nurturing ideas. He deals and dwells on innovative titles and intriguing topics. It is a place to get intellectually involved, emotional indulged and spiritually inspired. This blog is all about being bold and beautiful, solid and silence, aspire and inspire, drive and strive, and finally to make and break.
Maniparna Sengupta Majumder - February 12th, 2018 at 1:22 am none Comment author #5565 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
A wonderful perspective. Never before have I read such a beautiful connection being established among bloggers. “Love” has such a broad expanse. It’s utterly wrong to contort it only in the aspect of physical love and related relationships.
Romance is a feeling, indeed. The romance of blogging, the bond that is built among bloggers worldwide, the mutual love, respect and kindness we share, though virtually, definitely defy the physical barrier of distance. It helps to make the world a smaller and lovelier space.
Nihar Pradhan - February 12th, 2018 at 2:57 am none Comment author #5567 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Isn’t it Mani we have so perilously narrowed the spectrum of love and romance, and it is all in our perspectives and the outlook we carry on life and relationships, and how wonderful this platform is that plays it’s invisible part in building such beautiful relationships where only thoughts, ideas, conversations and multiple point of views matters, rest gets automatically filtered and have found a melting pot of diversity of everything from gender to age to geography, and occupation, nothing comes our way of nurturing such wonderful facets of romance of being good human beings and sharing and caring for each other…there is so much in it.
Always, always such a delight getting your lovely perspective and you do so with a touch of empowerment and indeed it is wonderfully inspiring.
Maniparna Sengupta Majumder - February 12th, 2018 at 5:18 pm none Comment author #5570 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
I always love reading your posts as they have unique viewpoints. The bond of blogging which we bloggers share is wonderful. I never feel bored while reading other blogs as each of them has something to offer. That’s perhaps, the magic of blogging… 🙂
Nihar Pradhan - February 12th, 2018 at 11:38 pm none Comment author #5574 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Thanks Mani for your lovely appreciation, it matters a lot to me and indeed the relationship we as blogger bring to the space is unique and it makes a such a huge difference to the world of web…so many wonderful perspectives that we come across as we scan the blogosphere and always, always a great pleasure reading your deeply profound thoughts embedded in all your posts.
monuritu2004 - February 12th, 2018 at 10:39 am none Comment author #5568 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Nihar Pradhan - February 12th, 2018 at 1:40 pm none Comment author #5569 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
monuritu2004 - February 12th, 2018 at 6:13 pm none Comment author #5571 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Nihar Pradhan - February 12th, 2018 at 11:30 pm none Comment author #5573 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
balroop2013 - February 13th, 2018 at 12:23 am none Comment author #5576 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Love and romance are two entirely different words Nihar, evoking different feelings at different times. Romance is just the surface of a sea that is much deeper and is called love. While the former may lose its passion in no time the embers that the latter possesses are untouchable, as their fire never dies. There is no doubt that love binds humanity only if its symphony is heard, if its purity is discerned and its power understood.
Linking these words with blogging seems to be quite imaginative as people blog for different reasons. All of them are not in love with their ‘words’ and the definition of romance remains the same…if some dreamers have linked it with ‘freedom’, its dictionary meaning doesn’t change. Some are too professional and money-minded and the amount of advertisement they put in between their content is so distracting and irksome. Their constant pop-ups to request signing in speaks how much professional they are! Even writers keep on writing such posts that just boost the promotion of their books.
This post is quite thought-provoking like all your posts are and I appreciate your kind heart that only focuses on developing love for our fraternity. Stay blessed dear friend.
Nihar Pradhan - February 13th, 2018 at 2:39 am none Comment author #5577 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Yes Balroop, romance and love, perhaps two facets of the same coin, but when we experience we feel that it cannot be the same coin, and as rightly said romance may lose its passion but love can be eternal…how on earth the people across the world with such deep diversities remain connected and speak the same language of humanity, as they all have a common compassion for mankind.
Blogging is a kaleidoscope of interest, purpose, goals and objectives, I agree all are not in love with words, but it is definitely a place for freedom, the freedom of ideas to freedom of expression to freedom of conversations…all adds up so beautifully to make this community a force to reckon with. There are many who’s sole agenda is to make money out of this virtual engagement and they are well within their right, I agree the clutter of advertisement makes it distracting from the content and that’s where the resources come to make this platform grow richer and bigger.
Blogging as fraternity needs love to keep the glue solid and strong, and it is the romance of writing to sharing and caring for each others body of work that makes it a perfect slice of humanity on virtual space so real.
Somali K Chakrabarti - February 13th, 2018 at 6:46 pm none Comment author #5578 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Like the way you have described romance in a continuum with lust at one end of the spectrum to romantic and the kind that results from the meeting of minds at the other end.
Blogging provides the platform to bring together people with similar interests, so engagement of intellect is bound to follow.
As you point out that romantic people are creative in nature, and creative people are treasure-house of unbridled romance. While the objectives for blogging may be different, blogging provides the means to unleash the creativity and romance with words or whatever the objective for blogging is. One can get creative with the content or one can even get creative with technical aspects of blogging and in the process there is lot of learning and unlearning and creative exchange of ideas, which keeps the fire on irrespective of the age and stage and without binding it in the confines of physical attraction.
Loved this analysis of the romance in blogging on the Valentines Day, Nihar. Wish you a very happy Valentines Day.
Nihar Pradhan - February 14th, 2018 at 2:45 pm none Comment author #5580 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Indeed Somali this is such wonderful melting point of ideas and where meeting of mind makes it so ethereal and we all enjoy that nuanced engagement of creative and intellect conversation without any assumptions and filters, and it is so much enriching and there is such an intrinsic potential which we need to keep nudging and nurturing, and where there is creativity and where there is bound to joy and romance, it just that we have reset the frame of reference for romance and in the process undermining the intent and invisible power attached to this very idea.
It is all in our thought and the way we weave the different perspectives on things around us and how we build castles on wide range of insightful topics that we keep sharing and discussing in this platform, the moment we pause and analyse we wonder on the potential and possibilities it has unfolded for us as blogger, the binding thread that creates a strong fabric connecting the missing dots in the world community, otherwise divided and separated by geography, occupation, gender to age…just love the way blogging builds a new bridge and bondage between the tribe.
Anita - February 15th, 2018 at 2:22 pm none Comment author #5585 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Nihar Pradhan - February 16th, 2018 at 2:17 am none Comment author #5587 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
We all as bloggers have so much of passion that we posses in our area of interest, and amount of devotion we bring to the cause of fostering our passion, it has to have that tinge of romance.
claire - February 25th, 2018 at 4:21 pm none Comment author #5598 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
An interesting take on love and romance, well thought out. I’m not sure I agree on all aspects (as stated some bloggers are far from romantic lol!)
The word “romance” for me brings a very different image than an in love couple (though it can also be that). I guess I spent so much time engrossed in reading the classics when young. I think of romance in the artistic sphere, an old ruin against the sunset, light falling in the forest, sails on the horizon etc. something that enraptures the scences, stirring emotion beyond the daily run of things.
Nihar Pradhan - February 25th, 2018 at 4:36 pm none Comment author #5599 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
I agree, many bloggers are far from romance and indeed it may be bit far fetched to have put them in the same platform. Nothing can beat the romance of yesteryear and such lovely plots in the classics and literature has a wonderful take on the subject, and when we ascribe to the nature, nothing can match its majesty.
Things have changed and with digital distraction and instant gratification, redemption is left behind and we are running after the impulsive illusions.
vidhya29 - September 10th, 2018 at 8:05 am none Comment author #5853 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Nihar R Pradhan - September 10th, 2018 at 8:49 am none Comment author #5854 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Deevyanka Pawar - September 24th, 2018 at 6:17 am none Comment author #6084 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Nihar R Pradhan - September 24th, 2018 at 2:06 pm none Comment author #6094 on LOVE for Blogging and ROMANCING with Bloggers by Makeup & Breakup
Science, Literature, Art, Philosophy (SLAP) : - hard hitting perspective that matters and soft conversation that is profoundly meaningful...
Unread posts [ Locked ] Unread posts [ Locked ] No unread posts [ Locked ] No unread posts [ Locked ] Moved topic Moved topic
Both of us recently had the chance to visit different Body Shop locations to get acquainted with their new products and to take some home to try out. Luckily both of us left with different products and it just so happened that we received items that both of us loved. Our most favourites so far are all in the ever growing Spas Of The World range, so we thought we’d do a post on our new Body Shop loves.
I have really sensitive skin, so I’m always on the hunt for a good body scrub that will do the job and won’t tear up my skin. When I tried this scrub on my hand in the store I was amazed at how scrubby yet gentle it was. With a combination of French grape seed powder and sugar from Paraguay, you can really get that dead skin off without feeling like you scrubbed yourself raw. The scent, that I assume comes from the grape seeds, is amazingly fresh and because it’s got a creamy consistency, you can decide on the level of scrub you want. If I have a super dry area, I use a washcloth with the scrub to get really smooth skin. This is going to be a necessity for the next few months of shaving and waxing season and then in the winter when my skin gets flaky. One word of warning, this is way too strong for your face, so don’t try it.
If you’re going to use a scrub, you’re going to need a good moisturizer after and this body cream is a match made in heaven with the French Grape Seed Scrub. I’m a coffee person, so I was already sold on this cream just by reading the name but it’s so much more than that. It’s a really lightweight cream that has Italian olive oil and Ethiopian green coffee that just melts into your skin and leaves you hydrated and smelling delicious but not greasy whatsoever. The consistency really surprised me because I usually find Body Shop moisturizers too heavy for me, but this one is absolutely perfect! It’s been a really long time since I’ve loved something from the Body Shop this month. I’ve already made a huge dent in the giant 350 ml tub and I already know I’ll be replacing it when it’s gone.
This body wash is so soft and silky. The oil-in-gel body wash is just the right consistency. Given the name, it’s understandable that you might worry that it would be too oily or even greasy. It’s just smooth on the skin. The scent is really faint and lush. There is a hint of florals, but I wouldn’t call it a floral aroma. There is coconut oil in it, but this isn’t another coconut body wash. After a couple of uses, I was surprised at how soft my skin was. It was undeniable.
This is the type of moisturizer that I associate with The Body Shop. It is thick and rich. In the past, body moisturizer from the body shop was always thick, but it didn’t absorb well into the skin. It always left some residue on my body. It feels like The Body Shop has corrected those mistakes with this cream. It still has the same thickness, but this time it really sinks into my skin. It works on even the toughest skin like elbows and knees.
I’ve used a lot of exfoliators, but none as gentle as this exfoliator. The sugar in this scrub is so fine that it works on everything from the sensitive parts to your rough spots. The oil is probably the most surprising part of this. It is better quality oil than a lot of the other drug store exfoliators that I’ve used. It leaves your skin feeling protected and highly moisturized. When paired with the other two products, it’s the perfect trio!
A disgraced children’s puppeteer returns to his childhood home and is forced to confront his wicked stepfather and the secrets that have tortured him his entire life.
RedKneck : i thought this was a well done little fan film give it a watch. i dont understand what was going o with the sister but o
ordmandell : I was a skeptic but this movie is completely amazing- this back story will please any solo/star wars fan worldwide!
Keltie : Waiting for a good link with sound. The visual looks good on these links so here&#39;s hoping someone adds sounds t
danr6 : I&#39;m not getting any sound from these links (yes i tried more than one) Somebody help me out here...Is it me or t
Pretty little Dresden finds herself in quite a predicament, deep in the depths of Cherry Torn’s dungeon. Chest harness, nipple clamps, a spreader bar to keep her legs apart. Cherry commands Dresden to hold her arms out while a heavy metal bucket hangs from each wrist. Rope runs from her wrists through the ceiling to the nipple clamps. If Dresden chooses to disrespect Cherry and drop her arms, the rope will yank the tight clamps from her delicate pink nipples. This would be extremely painful and something Dresden desperately hopes to avoid. Cherry flogs Dresdenâ€™s ass. Dresden takes the pain and holds her arms up. Cherry spanks her naked ass, then flogs her bare, exposed pussy. Dresden fights through the pain, she does not wish to disappoint. Cherry places a tight grip on Dresden’s pussy. Some rough pussy spanking and Dresden’s arms fail…she is exhausted but the day has just begun. Cherry ties a vibrator to a pussy hook and inserts it inside Dresden. Poor Dresden still must hold the buckets perpendicular to her side. Cherry whips her bare ass. Dresden struggles to keep her arms straight. So much pain from the whip, but the pleasure from the vibrator is even more unbearable. Dresden’s knees buckle, she doesn’t know if she can take it. Her ass cheeks burn red. Dresden begs Cherry to remove the buckets. When Cherry leaves for a moment, Dresden steals another orgasm from the vibrator. This willful act of independence will have consequences…Dresden is tied up, hands behind her back, leg tied to the ceiling. Cherry grinds her pussy on the poor slut’s face. Cherry informs her slut that sheâ€™ll have to do better than that for her to forget her slutâ€™s indiscretion. Cherry smothers her slut’s face with her ass. Dresden apologize by licking Cherry’s ass and pussy til Cherry cums. Cherry, now in a better mood, is ready to fuck Dresden, but only if the little slut begs for it. Fucked with a dick on a stick. Dresden’s pussy hole opens up for Cherry’s dick. Now it’s Dresden’s turn to take it in the butt. Cherryâ€™s large dildo pushes deep into Dresden’s ass, pressing on her G-spot. Anal doggy then anal missionary. With the vibrator on her pussy Dresden cums over and over until Cherry turns the vibrator on herself. Dresden is desperate to lick Cherry’s wet pussy, hungry to lick all of her juice. Cherry is queen fucking greedy.
According to Gluck, drawing metaphysical conclusions from empirical findings commits a logical fallacy in that it 'presupposes what it sets out to prove.' Not only does it assume the reality of the physical world but it confuses a narrow, limited scientific reality with 'ultimate reality' (pp. xvii-xix). In contrast to this, Gluck suggests that there may be more than one truth and puts forward a case for a pluralistic metaphysics. This does not mean he is arguing for the mutual existence of the non-physical / spiritual with the physical as within the traditional dualist metaphysical model. Rather, he is putting forward the idea that different disciplines should use different metaphysical frameworks, as dictated by the limitations of their subject matter. He suggests physical monism as the most suitable for the sciences, neutral monism for aesthetics and mind/body dualism for the social sciences. He takes this position because of the limitations of the scientific paradigm to deal with subjectivity and phenomena like consciousness.
Positing a multiple metaphysics is a controversial position, but one that could be of great import to discussions about the reality of the self and consciousness. Within science, selves have no concrete reality or, at best, have a kind of abstract existence. Could a multiple metaphysical approach help categorise anomalous phenomena like selves and qualia and offer a clearer picture of where our experienced reality fits with the scientific worldview, and vice versa? Could God still have a place?
Given this expectation, I began to read Gluck's text under the supposition that it would expound some kind of detailed metaphysics that, in the process, would reveal where Damasio (and those of his persuasion) had gone wrong in their contentions about the self and that this analysis would vindicate Descartes. Not so. While Gluck does begin by expounding a pluralistic metaphysical position, he does not directly offer a critique of Damasio's and others' ideas, nor does he offer a defence of Descartes. What he does claim is that Damasio was wrong in claiming that science has shown 'once and for all' that Descartes was wrong and that mind and body are not metaphysically separate entities. Nor can Damasio claim that Spinoza was right about ultimate reality being a neutral substance. For Gluck, this is committing the logical fallacy of assuming what it is one wants to prove. Science can't justify metaphysics because metaphysical assumptions are inherent in the scientific enterprise.
Gluck goes on to claim that this is part of what he calls the 'physicality bias' underlying most metaphysical frameworks. He claims that this physicality bias is present in Damasio and in most scientific treatises on the topics of mind, consciousness and the self. He expresses his view thus:
Even when we try to conceptualize reality in a neutral monist or panpsychist fashion, we almost always end up thinking of it as physical matter. …even if unusual mystics and philosophers such as Plato, Plotinus, and Berkeley, who think quite differently, influence us from time to time. (p.6)
The physicality bias is one of many issues that Gluck raises which whet the intellectual appetite, particularly if one is not whole-heartedly within the scientific-reductionist paradigm. However, they remain just interesting ideas which never become defensible arguments. The statement above may well be a true statement about the limitations of our mental capacities but it needs some justification or resolution. At a minimum, Gluck needs to demonstrate that such a bias is false or misleading. He doesn't do this. Instead he deviates into a discussion about the short-comings of physical monism and the virtues of neutral monism.
His argument for an alternative to physical monism is similar and is typical of his methodological approach in general. Gluck defends physical monism as a framework within the sciences but declares it is limited and even incoherent, making it unsuitable for other areas of study. He raises psychology as an example where paradigms like behaviorism, physicalism and artificial intelligence equate 'consciousness with behavior, neural activity or information processing' (p.5), neglecting the existence of qualia. Gluck then concludes that 'it is possible, however, that to the extent to which that methodological view denies the reality of phenomenal consciousness, it is incoherent (p.5).' This is not an argument. In later chapters, he claims that neutral monism is superior because it allows for both mental and physical phenomena.
Another illustration of Gluck's way of advocating a position is in his discussion of consciousness. In chapter three, he claims that the idea that consciousness has emerged from inanimate physical matter is another indication of the physicality bias. He also claims that such a view is a myth with no logical basis. He goes on to explain that a myth, in this context, is not something necessarily false but it is neither self-evidently true nor deduced from empirical evidence (p.50). As an alternative view, he claims that the very notion of a world without consciousness is incoherent, that it can't emerge from a non-conscious world and that it is a necessary condition for the universe to exist. Such claims, while interesting, need some kind of justification. I found that this idea, like many of Gluck's ideas, was just presented as outlined above, without further support or strong argument. This is a distinct weakness in the text.
Having said that, the book is not without merit. If one is not looking for solutions but merely an overview of some of the ideas and possible positions available, then there may be something to be gained here. It is obvious that Gluck is a classical scholar. His historical overview of the origins of our conceptions of consciousness is enlightening. Gluck traces the lineage of ideas from the ancient Greeks, through the Arabic and Oriental philosophers to the Renaissance thinkers of Italy and finally to Descartes as the representative or epitome of modern thought. While there are some early traces of our modern-day conceptions of consciousness and the mind or self, it is only with Descartes that we get a clear espousal of the mind, self and soul (as these are one and the same for Descartes) as the singular reflective subjectivity that is distinct and distant from objective reality.
One clear implication of this historical analysis is to cast doubt on the belief that the development of ideas about consciousness and, more recently, the self, are the result of systematic philosophical and scientific enquiry. Rather this development, as encapsulated in the conceptual understanding of the period, reflects current social and political ideology. This is not new, and it is by no means the main thrust of Gluck's text. Nevertheless, one is left with the impression that our conceptions of the self and consciousness, along with their place within our metaphysics, are really just a matter of choice or preference. They are not inferences from the scientific data nor from a careful Husserlian phenomenological study. They are no closer to the truth today than they were yesterday. I find a similar implication behind the discussion of Gluck's metaphysics. It seems to me that the hidden thrust of Gluck's text is that there can be no empirical evidence brought to bear on a metaphysical discussion. Ultimately, we choose our metaphysics because of our beliefs and our beliefs will be dictated by our historical epoch.
Welcome to Metapsychology. We feature over 8100 in-depth reviews of a wide range of books and DVDs written by our reviewers from many backgrounds and perspectives. We update our front page weekly and add more than twenty new reviews each month. Our editor is Christian Perring, PhD. To contact him, use one of the forms available here.
Metapsychology Online receives a commission from Amazon.com for purchases through this site, which helps us send review copies to reviewers. Please support us by making your Amazon.com purchases through our Amazon links. We thank you for your support!
Interested in becoming a book reviewer for Metapsychology? Currently, we especially need thoughtful reviewers for books in fiction, self-help and popular psychology. To apply, write to our editor.
Testipiste is a language assessment centre for adult migrants. This corpus contains texts written by 2397 different persons, 3 texts from each person. It also contains assignments and other related texts. The essays contain i.a. information on the starting level of their authors, as defined by Testipiste.
President Barack Obama Painting by Brandon Notch | Brandon G. Notch | Tattooist and Artist Brandon Notch
Dramatic 911 call from woman who allegedly stabbed boyfriend with samurai sword is released: report | GLA NEWS | Latest News
A Washington woman who authorities say stabbed her boyfriend with a samurai sword after he fell asleep made a desperate 911 call just moments after the stabbing, The Oregonian reported Monday.
“I just stabbed my boyfriend,” Emily Javier reportedly told an emergency dispatcher. “I think he’s dead. You need to hurry.”
Alex Lovell was rushed to the hospital with multiple stab wounds. He is expected to survive, but it is unclear how much nerve and muscle damage he suffered or how many times he was stabbed, the report said.
The paper reported that the March 3 phone call was dramatic. The dispatcher reportedly asked Javier where she stabbed him.
The dispatcher, throughout the call, asked the woman if she can aid her injured boyfriend, but reportedly she refused, saying “There’s too much blood!”
Javier, 30, had been plotting to kill the boyfriend for weeks after she found someone else’s hair in the shower, sexually suggestive scratches on his back, and Tinder on his phone, police said.
She allegedly purchased a samurai sword from a shopping mall and hid his phone on the day of the attack so he could not call for help.
Authorities arrived shortly after the call and found the man with life-threatening injuries and bedroom walls splattered with blood, police said.
Previous articleBanks have to be nimble like tech firms, says the CEO of Southeast Asia's largest bank
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway released its closely-watched annual letter on Saturday, in which the Oracle of Omaha told investors that...
New York Times is one of the most read papers and it’s crossword one of the most popular but it also is very challenging so sometimes some help is needed…
On this page you will find the solution to Woman’s name that’s an anagram of a European native crossword clue. This clue was last seen on New York Times, November 7 2018 Crossword In case the clue doesn’t fit or there’s something wrong please contact us!
Done with Woman’s name that’s an anagram of a European native? Go back and see the other crossword clues for New York Times November 7 2018.
All intellectual property rights in and to the Crosswords are owned by “Los Angeles Times”, including copyrighted images and trademarks.
Other dates available. Prices subject to change and availability without notice. Full terms and conditions apply.
we have a redo log group with only one redolog file member and we lost the “current” redo log file..
we have tried few possibilities by restore database and recover it @ the end of recovery i got below error
whenever a redo log file in CURRENT status is gone and if you dont have multiple copies of this redo log then you should do incomplete recovery. This means you have to first restore from your backup and then recover and open the database with resetlogs option.This is the theory.so keeping this in mind i performed the following steps.
The resetlogs option creates new emptyredo logs. Go through the rman documentation to find out the exact syntax as i dont want to mix redolog and rman concepts here. I will also be adding very soon real life scenarios on using rman.
saw some error messages in the alert log that in group2 one of the member is corrupt. so i have to fix this issue. below are the steps i did to solve this issue.
in case you recieve any errors saying that you cant drop then execute the below command and try again
now i want to add a new member to this group as it is good practice to have 2 log file members in each log group.Read the oracle online documentation if you dont know the difference log groups and log members.
1)the above error means that either the redo log files are too small or there are very few redo log files.
2)so how can i change the size of redo log files? only way is to drop them and create new redo log files.
below is a link where you can find some real discussion about redo logs. follow the discussion closely and your knowledge about the redo log groups will improve a lot.
Posted by x_sridhar on Saturday, November 13, 2010, at 2:48 pm. Filed under real life scenarios. Tagged real life dba scenarios, real life redo log dba scenarios, real life scenarios. Follow any responses to this post with its comments RSS feed. You can post a comment or trackback from your blog.
Scented pale lemon-yellow flowers for about 10 months of the year overwinter, autumn and spring (Jul-May). bushy 1.1m. Easy, even grows in dry shady places under trees.
dresses lesbeains chinese sex saggy slave cum old pornstar with movies threesome hot games to panty big lick
live sensational naked threesome massive galleries porn shows asses pics teacher wife vido indian flip uncensored games
So, the Mitchell Report came out today, and has a lot of incriminating evidence. Much has been discovered and revealed.
Yes, I’m talking about the most damning fact of them all — the realization that, according to pages D-5 through D-8 in the report, Jason Grimsley has an Anne Geddes-themed checkbook.
perrin and rowe undermount basin kitchen faucet parts canada classic 2 hole bridge crane with,perrin and rowe replacement parts canada design discussion with kitchen tap basin pillar taps,antique brass taps by rohl perrin and rowe reviews basin pillar waste,perrin and rowe australia prices bridge faucet with sidespray spare parts style ideas,perrin and rowe undermount basin bridge kitchen faucet with sidespray 3 hole country spout mixer tap ionian gold,perrin and rowe basin pillar taps bridge faucet repair 3 hole washbasin tap with cross grips c outlet,perrin rowe mayfair parts and kitchen faucet repair traditional shower set 2 just ionian 4193 pewter,three hole wall mounted basin filler with low perrin and rowe ionian spares rohl reviews faucet,kitchen tap in bronze finish from perrin and rowe faucet repair australia toilets,antique brass taps by perrin rowe basin kitchen faucet and reviews.
Late Sh. Ram Krishan Ji Gupta, Freedom Fighter, ex-MP. and a philanthropist who led our institution to unattainable heights. Sh. Ram Krishan Ji Gupta, popularly known as Gupta Ji, was born on May 27, 1918 at Barnala (Punjab).
The value of life is not measured by the years one lives, but by the deeds one performs. One such personality was Seth Ganpat Rai Rasiwasia, an industrialist, a social worker and a great donar, who donated generously in the establishment of the college.
J.V.M.G.R.R College ,Charkhi Dadri was established on 1965 to cater to the Higher educational needs of the people of local area.Choosing where to pursue your education is a major decision and I strongly believe that JVMGRR College will be a choice you will feel proud.
I welcome you all to our college website and sincerely express my thanks for showing interest in it. I hope you will appreciate our endeavors in providing quality education meeting the requirements of time.I congratulate the whole team of J.V.M.G.R.R. College for working devotedly for the welfare of the students i.e. the future of the country.
I extend you all a hearty welcome to our college website. Ever since its inception in 1965, the college has been committed to provide value based quality education ensuring the all round development of its students to the satisfaction of all the stakeholders.
A modern and strong infrastructure is necessary for students to gain cutting-edge knowledge,experience and betterment.
From the history of JVMGRR College it is observed that since its inception, members of the Trust Society knew the value of a library.
NCC develops a sense of responsibility, self-reliance and qualities of character and courage with a view to make cadets.
The NSS unit in college was established . It aims at developing students� personality through community services.
Forwardworks has announced the launch of their latest mobile game, Arc the Lad R. Players who are interested in the game can now download it from Japan’s App or Play Store.
Arc The Lad R is a sequel to the original Arc The Lad series. The story begins 10 years after the events in Arc The Lad 2 with a brand new character “Halter”.
Arc the Lad R is a tactical RPG played similar to Fire Emblem Heroes. Players can move around the field board and attack enemies from the back to deal more damage.
The really cool feature for the game is the way it tells its story. Unlike most mobile games in the market which uses just dialogue box and maybe the still images of characters to tell the story, Arc the Lad R actually tells its story through cutscene. This mode of story telling is more engaging and although you are unable to skip them, there is a higher chance for you to actually want to know more about the lore.
Controls for the game are pretty easy and straight forward. The tutorial can be a little long (bad for reroll) but it does a good job teaching you how to play the game.
As for characters, you can get those from the previous serious including Arc the Lad 1 and 2 (not sure about 3). There are also new characters from this mobile series to collect.
Rerolling may take some time since we cannot skip cutscene and the opening gameplay is slightly long. So good luck getting your favourite character!
Pro/con writings on current issues, including genetically modified food, organic food, obesity, vegetarianism, etc.
(Note: Metasonix DOES NOT sell direct. Please contact a dealer listed below. No, we will not sell directly to you, no matter how desperate you are. So please don't bother to ask.)
(Metasonix welcomes dealer inquiries. Our wholesale terms are very favorable to our retail dealers. Contact us for more information.)
1. Warranty period is up to 1 year or 90 days (depending on product) from date of purchase with proof of purchase submitted. Warranty covers electrical failure of vacuum tubes and gas-filled tubes, except in cases explained in 3 below.
3. Product must not have been damaged as a result of defacement, misuse, abuse, neglect, accident, destruction or alteration of the serial number, improper electrical voltages or currents, repair, alteration or maintenance by any person or party other than our own service facility or an authorized service center, use or installation of non-Metasonix replacement parts in the product, or the use of this product outside of the U.S.A. or Canada,
or modification of the product in any way, or incorporation of the product into any other products, or damage to the product caused by accident, fire, floods, lightning, or acts of God, or any use violative of instructions furnished by Metasonix.
4. Obligations of Metasonix shall be limited to repair or replacement with same or similar unit, at our option. To obtain repairs under this warranty, present the product and proof of purchase (e.g. bill or invoice) to the authorized Metasonix service center, transportation charges prepaid. When returning the product for repair, please pack it very carefully, preferably using the original packaging materials. Please also include an explanatory note.
To save yourself unnecessary cost and inconvenience, please check carefully that you have fully read and followed the instructions in the instruction manual.
METASONIX shall not be held liable for any incidental, consequential, or direct damages or expenses associated with the use or misuse of its products. METASONIX does not guarantee that any of its products are designed for any particular use or purpose. The entire risk of suitability and performance of all products lies with the user. Products manufactured and/or sold by METASONIX are not authorized for use as critical components in devices used in life support and other systems whose failure or performance could result in compromised safety or danger to life or property.
All sales are FINAL, especially custom designs. Only a Metasonix authorized dealer is permitted to return products to Metasonix for a refund or exchange.
Government and Politics, and many more . I also really enjoy helping prepare students for their standardized tests like the ACT . When I have free time, I enjoy soccer, running, cricket, cooking, and watching documentaries . I also have an interest in learning about urban...
I may even be empowering a powerful future advocate . My legal education and legal practice have provided me with a perspective on the practical applications of the LSAT that inform my teaching . I'm also very approachable and work within each individual's learning framework...
I've also spent time working in special education, focusing mainly on teaching math to students with learning disabilities . I enjoy building relationships with my students to ensure that I take their needs into account when developing my lesson plan . I know that every...
I then went on to the Dominican University of California for my MBA, focusing on sustainability . My tutoring experience includes helping students learn cost accounting, managerial accounting, and Spanish . I also enjoy tutoring business, finance, economics, and other...
I can tutor students in algebra, calculus, economics, macroeconomics, microeconomics, geography, statistics, pre-calculus, government and politics, history, psychology, social sciences, business, pre-algebra, public speaking, accounting, Spanish, grammar, writing, and essays ....
My tutoring experience has been with students of any age and in the subjects of accounting, finance, photography, science, and software applications . I earned a bachelor's degree in Accounting from the University of North Dakota and a master's degree in Computer Science and...
CRLA Level 2 certificate Peer tutor at ARCC Academic Support Center and Math Skill and Advising Center Algebra 2, Accounting, CLEP Financial Accounting, Calculus 1, Pre-Algebra, Intermediate Algebra, Intermediate Algebra, Elementary Algebra, Developmental Algebra, College...
Bachelor Environmental Design at Jilin College of Art AS of Accounting at Anoka-Ramsey Community College
To do, this I had to first expand my knowledge of critical thinking skills even further . I now have a seven-step process I use to turn data, misinformation and opinions into knowledge that can be used for decision-making . As for the economy, I started with the...
I am an educator at heart and love to help people understand and work through difficult concepts, ranging from simple tasks such as teaching my grandmother how to use her email account to helping graduate students prepare and edit their theses . During and after my time...
Senior, M.A. Women's Studies: Religion, Theology, & Ministry, United Theological Seminary of the Twin Cities B.A. Biblical & Theological...
I often lent an empathetic hand to classmates and colleagues who struggled with Math. 10th Grade math, 11th Grade math, 12th Grade math, 5th Grade math, 5th Grade math, 6th Grade math, 5th Grade Science, 6th Grade Science, 7th Grade Science, 7th Grade math, 8th Grade Science,...
I have completed 4 year of a Mechanical Engineering degree and I also have a degree in Accounting and Finance. I have a Masters in...
Accounting tutor at the Strayer University and also at the University of Liberia Auditing Trainer at the General Auditing Commission Accounting, Finance, and Math Accounting tutor at the Strayer University and also at the University of Liberia Auditing Trainer at the...
Finance Major at Strayer University, Master of Business Administration (MBA) Accounting Major at the University of Liberia, Bachelor of...
I'm currently studying for a licencing exam in the finance/accounting field . I love to teach and very good at explaining difficult subject matters to student . I have few hours left and I love to help someone who is in need . So, I feel I add some values to the society....
I'm Buddhi Ukwaththa from Minneapolis, Minnesota. I graduated from Brigham Young University -Idaho with a BSc in Accounting. I worked as...
Graduated high school with honors ACT score of 30+ with self studying Physical Science, English, Data Structures, Computer Programming, Calculus 1, AP Macroeconomics, AP English Language and Composition, Technology and Computer Science, Software, Pre-Calculus, Geography,...
I'm a Junior at the University of Minnesota double-majoring in Computer Science and Applied Economics. I'll be interning this summer at...
7 Years of Accounting/Finance Work Experience (Accounting, Consulting, Taxation, Investments, Corporate Finance, and Valuation) 2 Semesters as a Graduate Teaching Assistant for Finance 2 Semesters Teaching Financial Management and 1 Semester Teaching Economics In the...
MBA with Accounting & Finance Focus Bachelors of Science in Finance (Dean's List and Honor's Graduate) Completed CAIA Designation...
The perfect 'bookend' class, which is beautiful for either side of the day, a lovely gentle, warm up, or a cool down and release the day. With long holds, deep twists and supported backbends, this is a really nourishing start of your day practice, or class to round off your day. For a weekend treat, we recommend following with Jean's Vinyasa class now your body is open. You will need a block.
If you like to groove as you move, MFML teacher Andrea Kwiatkowski has suggested the playlists below for you to move to.
Be consistent with a marketing message that is short, simple and focused on your specific customers’ wants and needs.
The biggest challenge “was just getting people to pay attention. It’s seventy percent of the battle.” Dan Gilbert (Founder of Quicken Loans)
“If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person’s point of view and see things from that person’s angle as well as from your own.” Henry Ford (Founder of Ford Motor Company)
“Humans are not ideally set up to understand logic; they are ideally set up to understand stories.” Roger Schank (American cognitive psychologist)
“A lot of marketing is listening to the customer and then repeating it back to them.” Steve Harrison (Publicity and marketing expert)
“You are always on display. When it comes to your brand, there is no such thing as a transaction that doesn’t count.” David D’Alessandro (CEO of John Hancock)
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018
Or just the right amount of sweetness with a hint of sour. I don’t know what it is but they just taste so right together!
Next, add in flour mixture while continuing to stir. After a batter has formed, add in the lemon zest and 3 tablespoons lemon juice.
It’s okay if the blueberries explode while they’re in the oven, they are only releasing their flava!
Remove the donuts from the oven and allow to cool for a few minutes before transferring them to a cooling rack.
To get them out of the pan, I had to gently release the edges of each donut with a spoon and then carefully dump them upside down on the cooling rack.
While they are cooling, you can make your icing by stirring together the powdered sugar, lemon juice, melted Earth Balance and almond milk until a glaze has formed. I then placed mine in the refrigerator for a bit to allow it to thicken. After about 10 minutes of cooling, you can flip the donuts over and then transfer your rack to sit over your place you don’t mind covering with sticky dripping sugar sink.
My house smelled amazing while these were cooking. Talk about a great natural air freshener! It took a lot of willpower not to eat them right away.
But when I finally did it was so worth it. These are dense with a light flavor that is not too sweet yet just enough citrus to please the palate. Mmmm, mmm…
I prefer mine warm but you can also refrigerate them and serve cold. I hope you’ll give this recipe a try because you will not be disappointed!
I love blueberries. Those donuts look delicious, great blend of flours and I like that it’s with Greek yogurt and Almond milk (and eggs can be replaced, don’t worry ;)) It’s so nice that you photograph each stage of the cooking process.
Happy Valentine’s Day to you too! We are staying at home, I’ll make a romantic dinner. Nothing crazy. We always say that we celebrate Valentine’s Day everyday (for the past 7 years now) :) What are your plans?
Your Valentine’s Day sounds perfect. We are going to be unpacking and doing laundry. Very romantic. ;)
It’s 5am and you have convinced me that I need to get off of my computer and make these donuts ASAP. Holy moly they look delicious. I love that they use a variety of flours too!
That’s so funny! You made me crave French onion soup last night so I had to go get some for dinner. :)
I just made this recipe this morning and followed your directions exactly, but my dough was super liquid-y and the baked donuts crumbled. I’m wondering if the amounts listed for your liquid ingredients are all correct? My dough didn’t resemble yours in the slightest!
Hi Kerrie! I’m sorry to hear this recipe didn’t work out for you. Did you use the exact flours I have listed? Making changes to the type of flours will effect how much liquid is absorbed.
I’m Sarah and this is where I share my journey creating simple and seasonal plant-based recipes. I love cooking with whole foods that give me the energy to keep up with an active lifestyle.
Meadows in the Sky, Revelstoke National Park, British Columbia, Canada 0 comments - 68 visits , Rating: 0.00
Japanese Tea Garden, Golden Gate Park, San Francisco, California 0 comments - 77 visits , Rating: 0.00
Classic thrash/speed from Germany. They've been described as a mixture of Helloween circa Walls of Jericho and Destruction circa Infernal Overkill.
Description An elderly May Crawford Brechtel, left, poses with her sister Eva Crawford Reckhart, right.
Kelsey drew names for me this evening, each name written on the same color post-it note, folded the exact same way, with the name on the inside. She then stuck each post-it on the prize list next to the number, starting with prize #10. I am seeing the names for the first time as I type them below.
I can't begin to thank everyone who made a donation, whether it was a prize, a box of goodies, a monetary donation, or putting the word out about our project on your blog, reader loop or website. I was totally blown away by how huge this project grew. Monetary donations totaled $650.00 and my dining room is already crammed with boxes of stuff, with more on the way! Simply amazing. You have all touched me more deeply than words can express and I will never forget the love and enthusiasm that you gave along with your support.
I hope you will all continue to keep our troops in your thoughts and prayers, after all, they are the heart and soul, the true strength, behind these projects.
Moonglade Elite Authors – Jaded Beasts – 1 print copy, ebooks from Emery LaRue, ebooks from Jan Springer, one year membership to Moonglade Greetings, bracelet made by Liddy Midnight
I love Halloween! I don't dress up or go to parties, but used to have Halloween parties for the girls and their friends until last year, complete with creepy snacks and drinks and a scary movie. It just didn't work out last year or this year for us to have a party. Maybe next year.
Here's a picture of Fred in his angel costume last year. Needless to say, he didn't have it on very long before he started shaking, trying to get it off! Here's also a picture of the pumpkins Kelsey and I carved this afternoon. The Superman "S" and the Elvis are designs we do every year. Lindsay always used to do the "S" but since she's away at school, we do it in her honor! We might end up carving a couple more tomorrow night, but our hands were too tired to do more.
My mom used to live on a dark, quiet dead-end street, and hardly had any trick or treaters, and then she moved into a retirement apartment, and has none, so she has always come out and sat with me to hand out candy. She's leaving Tuesday for a vacation in Switzerland, Italy, France and Germany (lucky mommy - her first trip abroad!), so it will just be Kelsey and I handing out candy this Tuesday evening.
I hope everyone has a fun, safe Halloween! Don't forget that I'll be drawing names in the troop raffle after trick or treat (sometime between 8 and 9 pm), so stay tuned for the announcement of winning names!
Okay, the kudos continue for Alison Kent! I picked this book up on Sunday at Waldenbooks in the mall. While standing deep in line to pay, I received a txt msg from my daughter who was in the Forever 21 dressing room (next door) and needed me to look at the dress she was trying on - immediately! Tim stood in line for me and paid for the book, totally unfazed by holding a romance in his rough, calloused man-hands. What a guy.
The last time he heard me talk about Alison was in a different bookstore, different mall, when I was looking for her CIG to Writing Erotic Romance. I was in the store by myself, and not being able to find it, asked a young male clerk to help me find it. This poor boy turned red as a beet, took me to the "Relationships/Self-Help" display and promptly left. Tim choose that moment to track me down, finding me intently searching the "relationship" shelves. I had to explain that there evidently had been a misunderstanding and no, I didn't think our 27 year marriage was in need of mending. I once again approached the clerk, who I swear cringed when he saw me coming, asking if he could look the book up. It was then clear that he didn't hear me say "writing" in the book title - he thought I was looking for the CIG to Erotic Romance, thus the relationship directive. Too funny!
Anyway, about INFATUATION, there are a handful of Blaze authors that I faithfully read. No, I'm not naming names. I've most likely discussed some of them previously, right here. The Blaze line has greatly improved and while I'm not and won't be, a subscriber again, I find myself picking them up more frequently than in the past. I never miss an Alison Kent book and am always confident in recommending them without hesitation. This book is no exception. It is excellent - I only wish it could have been about twice as long! A brief review for INFATUATION:
Rennie Bergen and Milla Page knew each other in college, when she was the girlfriend of his roommate. The two hit it off immediately, proving that opposites most definitely do attract. Rennie came from a hard-working middleclass family and Milla was the cream of the high society crop, as was her boyfriend. When Rennie and Milla had a secret, brief affair, the result was a myriad of hurt feelings and ultimately, changed lives.
Milla works at a dating service, as a reviewer of hot clubs and night spots. When Rennie's name comes up as a potential date from a "pool" of men's business cards in her office, Milla nervously decides to go see him at his car repair/body shop. Rennie is cool to Milla, almost cruel at times, but seeing how his feelings were the first to be stomped on in their earlier relationship, and because he is unaware of the significant changes in Milla's life, he's not a jerk for it. Milla is a small woman, of tempered steel it seems, as she is remarkably capable of taking care of herself. She gives back to Rennie as good as she takes.
The two embark on a new, adult relationship, shocked that the sexual intensity that previously existed is still there, possibly stronger than before. Just when it looks like they might be moving in the direction of a solid relationship, both find that the other has been keeping secrets and that their lives aren't at all what they seem.
Several brief flashbacks into the past help detail the previous relationship of Rennie and Milla. I typically don't like flashbacks, but these are very well done and go far to embellish the story, similar to the flashbacks in AK's FOUR MEN AND A LADY, also excellently done.
I highly recommend this book to all romance fans, whether regular readers of the Blaze line or not. And if you haven't picked up a Blaze lately? DO IT!
Author Jamie Denton http://www.jamiedenton.net/ has a new book, THE MATCHMAKER, releasing October 31st. I have read many of Jamie's books, including UNDER THE COVERS, SEDUCED BY THE ENEMY, SLOW BURN, HOW TO BE A WICKED WOMAN, and HEATWAVE, and have enjoyed them all. There are a couple that I haven't read - one of which is SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY, and oh, what a hot cover on that one!
I've written a review for THE MATCHMAKER, and I'm hopeful that you'll read it, be teased into ordering this excellent book, and then spread the word about it!
Greer Garson Lomax is attempting to put her life back in order after a bungled FBI case that nearly killed her. It successfully destroyed her marriage to fellow agent, Ash Keller, and ended her stellar career with the FBI. She abandoned both to return to her hometown of Magnolia, North Carolina to heal, both body and soul. Barely maintaining a grip on her tortured sanity and physically exhausted, Greer buys and begins renovating a dilapidated old house into a bed and breakfast, and for some much-needed money and as a favor to the local sheriff, an old family friend, she agrees to take on the temporary position of deputy sheriff. When it looks as if a serial killer has targeted the sleepy town of Magnolia, flags are raised at FBI headquarters, and Ash soon arrives on the scene to check things out and to make sure that Greer is holding up okay. Seeing Ash after two years is a total shock to her system, and Greer isn’t certain that she can handle the stress of a serial killer and her estranged husband at the same time.
Ash wishes he could take back his actions of two years ago, as he was the one who put Greer in the dangerous position that almost cost her life. He hasn’t seen her in almost two years and is shocked at the gaunt, tormented, shell of a woman that Greer is now. He tries, and fails, to take over her investigation of the gruesome killings. Greer eventually concedes and accepts Ash’s assistance in catching “The Matchmaker,” the serial killer who apparently knows secrets from Greer’s long-deceased father’s past, and who may have now set his sights on her sister. Ash can only hope that Greer might also accept his still-strong love for her and give their marriage a second chance. But first they will have to catch the madman who is a deadly menace to the people of Magnolia; hopefully they can do so before he kills again. What they don’t know is that he has his sights set on Greer.
Jamie Denton has given readers an incredible treat with THE MATCHMAKER. Greer and Ash are tortured souls, both holding Ash responsible for their pain. Greer’s troubled relationships with her mother and sister are excellently written as neither of them can begin to understand the hell that she went through or why she has pretty much cut herself off from them and from life in general. Ash is eaten up with guilt over his failure to keep Greer safe from the lunatic two years before and is determined to be there for her this time. The secondary characters in this book are as real as the people in your own town, and their interaction with Greer and Ash is realistically written. The suspense is intense and spine-tingling, but not so gruesome as to be a turn-off.
Don’t miss this latest offering from Jamie Denton, especially if you like romantic suspense that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
Time's running out! I will probably only do one more reminder next week about the Holiday for the Troops project. The response so far has truly been overwhelming. How it works - you send either items to be sent to the troops or checks, money orders or gift cards to be used to shop for the troops, I then shop and put together shipments and send them out to servicemen and women in Iraq and Afghanistan. This link - http://lorifoster.com/author/militarytribute.htm - will take you to the Military Tribute page on Lori Foster's website where you will find a complete list of suggested items in the event you would like to do your own shopping for the troops. In return for your donation, your name will be entered in a raffle for some wonderful prizes. While I haven't decided on just how to put the prize packages together, the following list shows the incredible goodies that are being donated by various authors and others in the romance community:
LUANN MCLANE: One copy of Dark Roots and Cowboy Boots, one copy of Hot Summer Nights and one copy (if she has her copies by then) of Love, Lust and Pixie Dust
LUCY MONROE: Two copies each of Ready, Willing, and Able, Star Quality, The Real Deal, 3 Brides for 3 Brothers, and one copy of Beach Blanket Bad Boys (half will be used for the raffle and half will be sent to the troops)
MOONGLADE ELITE AUTHORS: Two print copies of Jaded Beasts and ebooks by Author Emery LaRue, ebooks from Jan Springer, 5 one-year memberships to Moonglade Greetings {works like blue mountain cards}, and a custom MEA bracelet made by author Liddy Midnight valued at $65.00.
EMERY LARUE: Two copies each of Sweet Wishes Hot Dishes and Jaded Beasts: Dragon & Snake, one set for the raffle and one set for the troops.
Pretty amazing, huh? The drawing will be held and winners announced in the evening on October 31st (after my trick or treaters have stopped knocking, but no later than 9:00 p.m.) and I plan to mail the boxes during the second week of November to ensure delivery before the holidays. It is exciting every time we send shipments for the troops but the holiday boxes are especially fun to put together. If you are unable to send a donation of any kind, but would like to send cards, letters or drawings made by your children for inclusion in the boxes, they would be greatly appreciated! I am hopeful that if you have a blog you might mention this project and provide my information. THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING POLITICAL ABOUT THIS PROJECT. It is simply a show of support for the men and women who serve our country. Please don't hesitate to let me know if you have any questions.
I've stolen this link from Joy on the Suzanne Forster loop - a little mindless fun. Take a look if you have a couple of minutes to spare!
Yep, that's me! I absolutely love this time of year, except for the unseasonably cold temps today - doesn't look like we're going to make it out of the 30's. We even had a very brief little snow squall this afternoon. I love the beautiful leaves, the crisp nights, the smell of fire in the neighbors' chimnea. I have to admit that the first time I smelled their chimnea a couple of years ago, I thought my house was on fire - I was running all over the house, up and down stairs, looking for smoke. Now I pay no attention to it - someday my house will probably burn down around me!
We make several trips to the apple orchard and I'll be making a couple more batches of applesauce, we'll hit the pumpkin patch, and there's a craft festival called the Prairie Peddler that we never miss on the last weekend in September. This Sunday we are going to the Bob Evans Farm Festival at the original Bob Evans farm in Rio Grande, Ohio, depending on the weather. We went two years ago and had a great time. They have lots of great Bob Evans food, of course, but there are also huge tents with varied craftspeople, each and every one incredibly talented. Another thing that was fun to watch was tractor squaredancing. I know this sounds very cornball, and I guess it is, but it was great fun to watch. I don't know if I can even explain it except to say that there are eight (full sized) tractors involved, driven by four men and four women paired off as couples in a good sized arena; there's a caller and music and they promenade, do-si-do and swing around, just as if they were on foot. It's one of the most amazing things I've ever seen! I'll try to get a picture of them.
A friend emailed these quotes to me this morning. Some are very funny, some just so-so, but I thought I'd share. I hope everyone has a terrific weekend!
Sometimes, when I look at my children, I say to myself ~~"Lillian, you should have remained a virgin."-- Lillian Carter (mother of Jimmy Carter)
I had a rose named after me and I was very flattered. But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalog: "No good in a bed, but fine against a wall." -- Eleanor Roosevelt
Last week, I stated this woman was the ugliest woman I had ever seen. I have since been visited by her sister, and now wish to withdraw that statement. -- Mark Twain
The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning and a good ending; and to have the two as close together as possible.-- George Burns
By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.-- Socrates
My wife has a slight impediment in her speech. Every now and then she stops to breathe.-- Jimmy Durante
Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar and fat.-- Alex Levine
Money can't buy you happiness .. but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery. -- Spike Milligan
We could certainly slow the aging process down if it had to work its way through Congress.-- Will Rogers
Maybe it's true that life begins at fifty ... but everything else starts to wear out, fall out, or spread out.-- Phyllis Diller
Most of you know how much I admire Alison Kent http://www.alisonkent.com/blog/, her riotous sense of humor and her work. There's never a dull moment at her blog; it's one of the first stops I make in my online ventures every day. November and December will bring the release of two new AK books - INFATUATION and BEYOND A SHADOW, respectively. I'll no doubt talk about INFATUATION in a later post, but this one belongs to Ezra.
BEYOND A SHADOW is Ezra Moore's story. Finally. This is the one that most of Alison's loyal readers have been (patiently?) waiting for. Trust me, it is worth the wait. I'm just one of the AK fans who have anticipated each and every book in the SG-5 series, and I know I'm not alone in that I dread that dark day when I read the final page of the very last one.
Ezra Moore made a major impact, albeit in a minor role, in several of the SG-5 books, his actions and motives questionable at times, but he has practically screamed for a woman and a story of his own. Thank heavens Alison heard him! This is my review for BEYOND A SHADOW:
When Ezra Moore shows up in the quiet little harbor town of Comfort Bay, it is under the guise of a Caribbean school teacher on hiatus, and he quickly takes on the temporary job of handyman at the local B&B. The job couldn’t have turned up at a more convenient time. While Ezra appears to have stopped there for rest and relaxation, he is on a deadly mission, one that could be his last, and he soon regrets that it will be played out in the friendly and peaceful Comfort Bay. Ezra is immediately drawn to Alexa Counsel, local school teacher and close friend of the family who owns the B&B, and keeping her safe quickly becomes one of his biggest concerns.
Alexa Counsel is suspicious of Ezra Moore and his dark, dangerous looks, from the moment she first sets eyes on him. She questions his school teacher alibi, and can’t quite picture him in front of a classroom full of children, most likely because he dresses and carries himself like a mercenary, always aware of everyone and everything around him. Alexa tries to ignore the attraction to Ezra that tugs at her very core, warming her with feelings and desires that she hasn’t felt since before her divorce a few years prior. Soon the two of them are lovers; each finding soothing comfort in the arms of the other. But neither Alexa nor the townspeople could begin to imagine or predict the danger that was headed their way.
I think that I have used every descriptive possible in reviewing and talking about Alison Kent’s books. Intelligent, witty, deep, edgy, gritty, savvy and intriguing are just a few, and all remain applicable when talking about BEYOND A SHADOW. When Ezra first appeared several SG-5 books back, he appeared very dangerous, deadly even, definitely unsalvageable. Alison has been softening her readers up to Ezra so that now, when he finally has her telling his story, they are guaranteed to love him and will continue to think about him after the book has been closed. The secondary characters and their loves, families and relationships can only be considered a wonderful bonus to the story of Ezra and Alexa, as is the appearance of previous SG-5 heroes.
BEYOND A SHADOW releases in December, I can think of no better time to treat yourself to an excellent book!! Here's a link to Amazon if you'd like to skip on over and pre-order: http://www.amazon.com/Beyond-Shadow-Alison-Kent/dp/0758211147/sr=1-2/qid=1159986405/ref=sr_1_2/104-2563313-8011166?ie=UTF8&s=books
One more update - prizes have been added to the list - check it out below. Another reminder of how it works - you send either items to be sent to the troops or checks, money orders or gift cards to be used to shop for the troops, I then put together shipments and send them out to servicemen and women in Iraq and Afghanistan. This link - http://lorifoster.com/author/militarytribute.htm - will take you to the Military Tribute page on Lori Foster's website where you will find a complete list of suggested items in the event you would like to do your own shopping for the troops. In return for your donation, your name will be entered in a raffle for some wonderful prizes. While I haven't decided on just how to put the prize packages together, the following list shows the incredible goodies that are being donated by various authors and others in the romance community:
MOONGLADE ELITE AUTHORS: Two print copies of Jaded Beasts and ebooksby Author Emery LaRue, ebooks from Jan Springer, 5 one-year memberships to Moonglade Greetings {works like blue mountain cards}, and a custom MEA bracelet made by author Liddy Midnight valued at 65.00.
Pretty amazing, huh? I will be updating this list as I receive additional donations. The raffle drawing will be held on October 31st. It is exciting every time we send shipments for the troops but the holiday boxes are especially fun to put together. Cards and letters from those who donate are welcome and hugely appreciated. It is incredibly heartwarming and rewarding. I am hopeful that if you have a blog you might mention this project and provide my information. Please let any authors that you're acquainted with know about this exciting project! There is absolutely nothing political about this project. It is simply a show of support for the men and women who serve our country. Please don't hesitate to let me know if you have any questions. Thanks bunches,Laurie
I've been married for 34 years (yes, Hub robbed the cradle), have two beautiful daughters, 23 and 28. We have a basset hound, Simon, and three cats, Sophie, Tony and Penny. I work full-time as a legal assistant. I enjoy reading, baking and walking. I write book reviews for the online review site, Romance Junkies.
It is the responsibility of anyone who enters a contest on my blog to stop back and find out if they're a winner. I will not attempt to track you down. If I don't hear from a winner within the number of days specified when the winner is announced, I will draw a new name.
Click here for an easy and free way to help fund mammograms for those in need at The Breast Cancer Site!
A rainless (!) ten days on the remote Western coast of Ireland at the Ballinglen Arts Foundation inspired our group (7 of us from Peregrine Press, 1 from Ireland, 1 from Iceland) to respond to the ancient stone circles, burial mounds and dolmens. Here where the sea meets land crisscrossed by ancient walls and tilled fields my soul connected with my own maternal roots and the spiritual resolve of the Irish people. I learned non-toxic techniques of printmaking from Catherine Kernan and loved the time with friends making art together.
“The Art of the Hand Pulled Print” has broken attendance records at the Portland Public Library. The variety and depth of the work of this amazing printmaking cooperative is worth a detour to the Library on Congress Street before it ends on June 25. I have been Co-President of Peregrine Press for the past 2 years, and still marvel at the talent and “working togetherness” that this group, the oldest of its kind, embodies. Bring your kids – there is a fun game they can play at the exhibit.
It’s February in Maine and the groundhog may have gone back to his den, but printmakers climbed out from all over the state for this invitational exhibit at Greenhut Gallery in Portland. Techniques from etching to woodcut to paper lithography (naming just a few), makes for a dynamic show. It runs through the month, and includes a printmaking talk and demo on February 20.
Above: I am standing next to my collagraph/ monoprint, “Ocean Gyre.” Our oceans appear timelessly pristine, but below the surface and throughout the feeding columns, small particles of man-made plastic are wreaking havoc with this vast ecosystem.
Below: Jeff Woodbury joins me- he had a striking screenprint in the show. Jeff and I are co- Presidents of Peregrine Press, Maine’s oldest cooperative nonprofit press. The Press is planning a 25 anniversary show May— to June—2016. Stay tuned!
Photos by David Wade, whose portraits of Maine artists just came down from the UNE Photography exhibit.
“WE ARE ALL RELATED – science shows us the ways – May we be inspired to care for the earth in our day.”
Rachel Carson left us a legacy of understanding about the interrelatedness of species on earth and the fragile web of life, under duress, since she first wrote “Silent Spring”. This article by Bob Keyes in the Maine Sunday Telegram (12/20/15) shows her influence on my life and my work. One thing I learned in making the sculpture over four years is the need for collaboration on a big project like this. Addressing the current crisis in global warming requires the same spirit of collaboration. My hope is that we will respond creatively and together make a difference. “Man is a part of nature”, said Carson, “and his war against nature is inevitably a war against himself.”
These are the words Dennis Bisgaard, Kingswood-Oxford’s Head of School used to describe the sculpture that now inhabits the entrance of their new Science building.
I chose the double helix form to emphasize life in it’s myriad forms. Each turn of the steel and paper form reveals new creatures and colors as it moves and the viewer moves around the space. I wanted to encourage students to think about the interconnections between species and to be curious about how our ecosystems work in the web of life.
Kingswood Oxford School in West Hartford, CT threw open the doors of their beautiful L.E.E.D. Certified Science building on Friday, September 25 for the opening and dedication of my hanging sculpture, All Life Interrelated. As students sang a cappella or played the Wyvern Waltz on strings written for the occasion, school leaders welcomed the crowd, among them three of my five children, my husband Tom, classmates and friends. It was a mild and magical evening, and as night fell, lights from the big starfish support illuminated my three double helices “Air”, “Earth”, and “Water”. The steel and paper sculpture is 15′ x 5′ x 5′ (100lbs) and incorporates images on both sides of creatures from these realms, and reflects my concern for the care of the natural world. My hope is that the piece will be a bridge between art and science, and generate lots of teaching opportunities at this rigorous private day school. Years ago as a student myself there, I had written about the discovery of DNA’s structure. For me, it felt like coming full circle after working on this piece for the last four years.
Maine artists, friends and families gathered at my studio on the 3rd floor of the Dana Warp Mill in Westbrook June 25 for a farewell look at the hanging sculpture I have been working on for the last four years. Inspired by the double helix as a symbol of the continuity of life, All Life Interrelated is a steel and paper sculpture (approximately 14′x 5′ overall), now safely installed in its permanent home in the new science building at Kingswood Oxford School in West Hartford, Ct.
Many people who helped me with the project were there to celebrate: Nelson Bruns, who constructed one of the steel armatures and the starfish holder, and did the final hanging; Laura Savard, who helped with many aspects of the fabrication including the hand-cut matrices based on slime mold that are a motif throughout; Dawna Bemis, our prudent project manager and keeper of the timeline, and Sharmon Toner, my intern from USM who did all the UV varnishing.
Thanks to son Matt and friend Wendy for delicious nibbles from his restaurant, Gather ; and Vena’s Fizz House for delightfully composed natural mock-tails and cocktails. Among those attending were art friends from Peregrine Press and Kennebunk, daughters Eliza Chappell and Sarah Armentrout, with husband Nick, Gabrielle Melchionda from MadGabs and other neighbors in the building, Jan Piribeck and Becky Goodale from USM, Amy Woodhouse from South Freeport, Beth Stoddard, Peter and Pam Plumb, Scott Teas and Pamela Hawkes and Alice Spencer from Portland, Mary Jewel from California, Michael and Leona Bruns, and many others. Thank you all for coming and supporting me along the way!
Four years in the making, my hanging sculpture, All Life Interrelated, is now happily installed in its new home, the foyer of the Chase-Tallwood Math Science and Technology building at the Kingswood Oxford School in West Hartford, CT. It hangs from the tall ceiling down through a mezzanine floor to the entrance below. When I first saw this stunning new L.E.E.D. Certified building, I was impressed by the lightness of the space and the quiet lines, and was excited to design a sculpture that would relate to the big natural landscape and views of the sky while reflecting the biology of small life and the continuity implied by the DNA structure. I did a lot of research into the science of slime molds, foraminifera, and phytoplankton. I read avidly about the connection between the Red Knot bird (longest migrating bird in the world) and the horseshoe crab that lays the eggs which give the shore bird sustenance on its long flights. All these references to interdependence found their way into my printmaking and construction for this piece. I like the idea of bringing science and art together, and my work reflects my concern for humankind’s depredations on fragile ecosystems. I hope that the students in the school will see creatures in my work that engage them and become platforms for learning that ”what we do to the earth we do to ourselves.”
Photos above from left to right: Nelson and Kate take a breather on the mezzanine; Overview from above with ladders; Detail of “tuxedo” frog that Kate made on site for the “earth” crossbars.
I am in the home stretch of making a public installation for the science building of Kingswood Oxford school in W. Hartford CT. It is a first for me, and I wanted to share it with friends in Maine before it goes to its permanent home. “All Life Interrelated” (taken from a Rachel Carson quote) is a hanging mobile sculpture, comprised of steel and paper double helices, 12′, 8′ and 6′. Two-sided monoprinted images form a paper “skin” that runs up each side of the “DNA” armatures. They reflect the interconnectedness of creatures of the sea, air and earth to their environments and to each other.
Concern for the environment has been a theme in my life and work. As Rachel Carson pointed out, “man’s endeavors to control nature by his powers to alter and destroy the world, inevitably evolve into a war against himself…”
Top row from left to right: Crosspieces drying in studio. The runes are a code ( like DNA)- they spell out the Rachel Carson quote: “all the life of the planet is interrelated…each species has its own ties to others, and all are related to the earth; and test hanging in the science building in April. We had only 2 of the 3 armatures and used a 12′ rule as a placeholder for the long “sky/air” armature.
Bottom row: The earth armature with part of “sea” in foreground; and assembling the test armature on site.
I will be speaking at Poets House in New York on a panel which explores the way poetry and art can be mined to enhance creativity and innovation in business. This panel is sponsored by the Harvard Business School Club of New York. Poets House is in an elegant LEED certified building at the tip of Manhattan that houses the country’s largest collection of poetry and sponsors readings, exhibits and events that bring poetry to the people. Check it out!
News of Kate's exhibitions, new work, publications and more can be found here. We plan to update this page regularly and encourage you to subscribe below to receive notification when new information has been posted.
Akua art & the environment articles artists books book arts awards books catalogue Chatham University events Exhibitions family fun fome core intaglio Gallery talk Installation InterRelated kitchen printmaking Maine Women's Fund Mast Cove Gallery Monhegan monoprint monoprints nests new work non-toxic printmaking open studio Paintings panel discussion Peregrine Press poetry Prints Rachel Carson residency review sale sculpture sea creatures Silent Spring spiritual life teaching tools USM VSC Wintering Over works-in-progress workshops
Select Month August 2018 (1) June 2018 (1) May 2018 (1) February 2018 (1) October 2017 (2) May 2017 (1) March 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) October 2016 (1) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) February 2016 (1) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (1) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (2) November 2014 (2) September 2014 (1) June 2014 (2) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (15) November 2013 (4) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (2) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (2) October 2012 (2) September 2012 (3) August 2012 (1) June 2012 (1) May 2012 (3) January 2012 (1) October 2011 (1) September 2011 (3)
Yeah, GameSpot seems to be leaking behind concerning the real news front sometimes, but thanks to Reddit and further sites these news visit the players anyways. (whether there feel conspiracy theories of GameSpot waiting articles or not, hehe)
Treats minor cuts, scrapes, bug bites, and burns, gently soothes “ouches,” naturally fights bacteria, naturally penetrates and cleans, and jump-starts the healing process.
Due to the increasing importance of producing and consuming energy more sustainably, Energy Informatics (EI) has evolved into a thriving research area within the CS/IS community. The article attempts to characterize this young and dynamic field of research by describing current EI research topics and methods and provides an outlook of how the field might evolve in the future. It is shown that two general research questions have received the most attention so far and are likely to dominate the EI research agenda in the coming years: How to leverage information and communication technology (ICT) to (1) improve energy efficiency, and (2) to integrate decentralized renewable energy sources into the power grid. Selected EI streams are reviewed, highlighting how the respective research questions are broken down into specific research projects and how EI researchers have made contributions based on their individual academic background.
Renewable energy Energy efficiency Power-proportionality Cyber-physical systems Smart energy-saving systems Smart grids Energy informatics
Goebel C, Callaway DS (2013) Using ICT-controlled plug-in electric vehicles to supply grid regulation in California at different renewable integration levels. IEEE Transactions on Smart Grid 4(2):729–740 CrossRefGoogle Scholar
Like in all sports the odds are extremely important in horse racing. It is the odds and the potential return on your bet that determines is a horse is a smart bet or not. For this reason it is extremely important that you understand how the odds in horse racing work. And for those of you who don’t know, fixed odds are not often used in horse racing.
Parimutuel betting is the system most often used in horse race betting. Unlike fixed odds, where you are locked in at the odds you received when you placed your wager, the odds and subsequent potential payout can change in parimutuel betting.
The easiest way to understand parimutuel betting is to realize that you are not betting against the house (racebook). Instead you are betting against the other gamblers who are wagering on the same race. All of the same bets on one race go into a pool. The “win” bets are in one pool, the “place” bets in another, the “exacta” in another and so on. As the bets are being placed the amount of money on each horse in the pool changes, which subsequently affects the potential payout (odds) if that horse wins. Whichever horse has the most money on it is the favorite and will have the lowest odds because the total pool of bets will have to be split more ways if that horse wins.
Think of it this way: for every $1 in the pool that is one person saying that horse will win the race. Whichever horse does win, every $1 that was on that horse receives an equal share of the dollars placed on other horses. So if there is $200 on horse “A” in a pool of $1000, then every $1 bet on horse “A” will be paid out as $5. This would make the odds for horse “A” 4/1. Now if one bet came in just before the race of $600 on horse ‘A’ the odds would all of a sudden drop to 1/1 for horse “A” because half of the money in the pool would be on horse “A” ($800 of $1600). This is obviously a very small scale example because most races you will bet on have millions of dollars wagered on them, but you get the idea.
In the example I just used above it may seem like the house doesn’t make any money, but we all know this can’t be true. In reality the racebook takes a percentage from the pool of bets placed on the race. This percentage varies depending on the race and which racebook you use.
Even though you are betting against other gamblers it is still very difficult to make a steady profit betting on horses because of the percentage of the pool that the racebook takes. That being said many online racebooks, such as Bovada, offer rebates which gives some of the racebooks take back to the horse bettors. Add in some very inexperienced gamblers and some straight up dumb bettors and it becomes very possible to make money betting on horses through the parimutuel betting system.
Parimutuel comes from the french term for “mutual wager” because you are wagering against other individuals. It was invented back in the 1867 by Joseph Oller. A betting machine called the totalisator was created to help with the calculations required for the betting system. This is where the UK terms “tote” and “tote board” came from. The first installment of a tote board came in 1913. By 1923 parimutuel betting was introduced to the United States and now it has become the most popular way to bet on horses around the world.
I know we usually talk about liquids, not so much the people behind them, but thought it was worth mentioning that PepsiCo's CEO Indra Nooyi is an all-star role model for many female entrepreneurs and Indian-Americans alike.
She's constantly referenced in Forbes as the go-getting businesswoman concerned with humanitarian issues beyond just canned soda, and after watching this YouTube clip (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbTPgIJAFHI) of her at DAVOS World Economic Forum last month, it really got me thinking about beverage industry leaders going above and beyond. Nooyi definitely fits that bill.
Why must she be catagorized like some of her products? She deserves the respect of being looked at as a CEO, not an Indian-American female CEO.
Why must she be catagorized like some of her products? She deserves the respect of being looked at as a CEO, not an Indian-American female CEO. Well said. A person who does a good job, is a good person who does a good job. Get my drift.
Totally agreed, Mr Zabe and Dave. She's a role model in general, especially for the CEO world. I always see her written up in Forbes, CNN Money and Time, and the more I read about her, the more impressed I am. She's got a great vision for the Pepsi franchise, wouldn't you agree?
Really, b0mbtrac? I've always heard great things about her as an inspirational mentor, and she's after watching her speak at DAVOS, she seems pretty brilliant in a genuine way. Did you know someone who worked for the Pepsi corp?
Dorthy Cash Furniture Home, 2018-09-15 21:43:20. Kinds of wood that you choose for a workbench you depend on the kind of work you want to do and budget you. Is because every kinds of wood having keunikannya singly that will affect the whole your decision. For example , if you choose to use the table made wood soft like wood of the birch tree or pine , this tree not perishable as the wood is hard and flammable .Pine also released a resin will attach on your desk .Of course , this material not semahal materials timber to another .You can also choose the table with the hard wood sturdy and tough like wood maple tree or oak higher than any type of timber to another but not easy to break edible age .You it choice if you think the table to be used the long term.
Catalina Delgado Furniture Home, 2018-09-12 21:45:52. Kinds of wood that you choose for a workbench you depend on the kind of work you want to do and budget you. Is because every kinds of wood having keunikannya singly that will affect the whole your decision. For example , if you choose to use the table made wood soft like wood of the birch tree or pine , this tree not perishable as the wood is hard and flammable .Pine also released a resin will attach on your desk .Of course , this material not semahal materials timber to another .You can also choose the table with the hard wood sturdy and tough like wood maple tree or oak higher than any type of timber to another but not easy to break edible age .You it choice if you think the table to be used the long term.
Catalina Delgado Furniture Home, 2018-09-12 21:50:40. Usually a dining table is focal point every house, so of course you have to material wood make the table of eating seen prominent.A dining table ideal must be strong, designed well and can hold much people to of the meal with family.A dining table best are mostly made from choice woods like material oak, mahogany, and walnuts.You might as well it is necessary to consider use plywood and mdf, although is not as strong as other timber which of its texture more solid.Choice other timber which good for the dining table is maple, maple wood having the density of a proper to flawless chromatic.This material can be very stable for the table having the top wide.But, as expression the prices, is goods prepare to paid extra for this wood, because than other timber, the price of this wood relatively expensive.In addition, maple also a few difficult to cut and need much sanding to get results best.
Catalina Delgado Furniture Home, 2018-09-12 21:49:14. Usually a dining table is focal point every house, so of course you have to material wood make the table of eating seen prominent.A dining table ideal must be strong, designed well and can hold much people to of the meal with family.A dining table best are mostly made from choice woods like material oak, mahogany, and walnuts.You might as well it is necessary to consider use plywood and mdf, although is not as strong as other timber which of its texture more solid.Choice other timber which good for the dining table is maple, maple wood having the density of a proper to flawless chromatic.This material can be very stable for the table having the top wide.But, as expression the prices, is goods prepare to paid extra for this wood, because than other timber, the price of this wood relatively expensive.In addition, maple also a few difficult to cut and need much sanding to get results best.
Catalina Delgado Furniture Home, 2018-09-12 21:47:36. Kinds of wood that you choose for a workbench you depend on the kind of work you want to do and budget you. Is because every kinds of wood having keunikannya singly that will affect the whole your decision. For example , if you choose to use the table made wood soft like wood of the birch tree or pine , this tree not perishable as the wood is hard and flammable .Pine also released a resin will attach on your desk .Of course , this material not semahal materials timber to another .You can also choose the table with the hard wood sturdy and tough like wood maple tree or oak higher than any type of timber to another but not easy to break edible age .You it choice if you think the table to be used the long term.
Catalina Delgado Furniture Home, 2018-09-12 21:51:40. dea design seats the living room minimalism as we know in designing a drawing-room minimalism , we need to chose furniture that right as trimmer as well as appendages a room .In the design seats the living room minimalism we have to choose model armchair or sofa that according to the concept the living room minimalism .To form scenery the interior of harmonious , then you have to choose model seats minimalism who do not too much motives .Select model the couch minimalism simple and simple , so that the space your guest more interesting by election furniture proper to a couch the living room this.
Catalina Delgado Furniture Home, 2018-09-12 21:47:52. Still numerous species of the table of another to fill your house. Most of the types of wood already mentioned above it could also be used to build the table other.Enough adjust to uses the desk, time its use, and place put it.For a time the use of long-term, and kinds of wood maple tree or oak and use basic colors such as red, blue, black and yellow, because of the colors are not designed for obsolescence.For the table which is laid at places easy damp or out room, can choose plywood because of its texture that remains unchanged from season to season, so not worn out because of water content in the air.
Catalina Delgado Furniture Home, 2018-09-12 21:47:07. The shelves for plates is one of the furniture that is very important at home .The shelves for plates own serves as a place for storing a plate , glass , and some kitchen utensils for the other like a plate , glass , a pan , and other articles neatly organized , and not left pretty much across the board so that a kitchen you do not a mess. If in the past most of the shelves for plates made of aluminium or of iron with a design itu-itu course, currently design the shelves for plates progressively with the design that draws.
Catalina Delgado Furniture Home, 2018-09-12 21:48:33. Design seats the living room minimalism seats the living room have an influence important to provide comfort in the living room .Election seats also should really be noted that according to the concept the living room minimalism .Seats give a very important role , because seats this is which will as a seat for the guests visit to your homes .The concept of design from home minimalism this cannot be separated from the role of the couch or seat as furniture appendages from the living room itself.
Dixie Tanner Furniture Home, 2018-09-13 19:24:46. Election model seats the living room minimalism when you have to choose the couch or seat for the living room minimalism you, then you have to choose a sofa that really harmonious with interior design your living room.In addition, for an election material own, you have to choose the couch or seat of material the bark of which has model as the couch bed.In addition, model seats guests is also give the impression of the living room modern as we look at the several models design seats the living room minimalism current in various electronic media.But, if you want to choose the concept of the living room classic modern, then you can choose model couch of teak.If you have the living room and its size of narrow, it would be good if it chose model the couch to relax or sofa that l-shaped so that the space your guest will look to with a model the couch this one.Placement model this sofa can you put in the corner your living room.In the design seats the living room minimalism, besides choose mo.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains
the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does makinarena claim ownership or responsibility for such items and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 20:46:56. The shelves for plates is one of the furniture that is very important at home .The shelves for plates own serves as a place for storing a plate , glass , and some kitchen utensils for the other like a plate , glass , a pan , and other articles neatly organized , and not left pretty much across the board so that a kitchen you do not a mess. If in the past most of the shelves for plates made of aluminium or of iron with a design itu-itu course, currently design the shelves for plates progressively with the design that draws.
Jane Mcintyre Furniture Home, 2018-09-21 00:52:42. Election model seats the living room minimalism when you have to choose the couch or seat for the living room minimalism you, then you have to choose a sofa that really harmonious with interior design your living room.In addition, for an election material own, you have to choose the couch or seat of material the bark of which has model as the couch bed.In addition, model seats guests is also give the impression of the living room modern as we look at the several models design seats the living room minimalism current in various electronic media.But, if you want to choose the concept of the living room classic modern, then you can choose model couch of teak.If you have the living room and its size of narrow, it would be good if it chose model the couch to relax or sofa that l-shaped so that the space your guest will look to with a model the couch this one.Placement model this sofa can you put in the corner your living room.In the design seats the living room minimalism, besides choose mo.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 17:38:39. Still numerous species of the table of another to fill your house. Most of the types of wood already mentioned above it could also be used to build the table other.Enough adjust to uses the desk, time its use, and place put it.For a time the use of long-term, and kinds of wood maple tree or oak and use basic colors such as red, blue, black and yellow, because of the colors are not designed for obsolescence.For the table which is laid at places easy damp or out room, can choose plywood because of its texture that remains unchanged from season to season, so not worn out because of water content in the air.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 17:37:33. Election model seats the living room minimalism when you have to choose the couch or seat for the living room minimalism you, then you have to choose a sofa that really harmonious with interior design your living room.In addition, for an election material own, you have to choose the couch or seat of material the bark of which has model as the couch bed.In addition, model seats guests is also give the impression of the living room modern as we look at the several models design seats the living room minimalism current in various electronic media.But, if you want to choose the concept of the living room classic modern, then you can choose model couch of teak.If you have the living room and its size of narrow, it would be good if it chose model the couch to relax or sofa that l-shaped so that the space your guest will look to with a model the couch this one.Placement model this sofa can you put in the corner your living room.In the design seats the living room minimalism, besides choose mo.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 17:38:55. Design seats the living room minimalism seats the living room have an influence important to provide comfort in the living room .Election seats also should really be noted that according to the concept the living room minimalism .Seats give a very important role , because seats this is which will as a seat for the guests visit to your homes .The concept of design from home minimalism this cannot be separated from the role of the couch or seat as furniture appendages from the living room itself.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 17:37:51. Design seats the living room minimalism seats the living room have an influence important to provide comfort in the living room .Election seats also should really be noted that according to the concept the living room minimalism .Seats give a very important role , because seats this is which will as a seat for the guests visit to your homes .The concept of design from home minimalism this cannot be separated from the role of the couch or seat as furniture appendages from the living room itself.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 17:39:43. Kinds of wood that you choose for a workbench you depend on the kind of work you want to do and budget you. Is because every kinds of wood having keunikannya singly that will affect the whole your decision. For example , if you choose to use the table made wood soft like wood of the birch tree or pine , this tree not perishable as the wood is hard and flammable .Pine also released a resin will attach on your desk .Of course , this material not semahal materials timber to another .You can also choose the table with the hard wood sturdy and tough like wood maple tree or oak higher than any type of timber to another but not easy to break edible age .You it choice if you think the table to be used the long term.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 17:41:33. Election the couch minimalism choose the couch minimalism not only according to the concept the living room minimalism just, but also because the price relatively cheap compared soda ornately fancy.In addition, election the couch minimalism also can show class the homeowner based on matter.But, for you who did not have many budget never impose buy the couch a luxurious and expensive.Because in design seats the living room minimalism not seen from expensive the couch or seat the guests, but from a number of considerations the concept of interior design the living room itself.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 17:38:10. Election model seats the living room minimalism when you have to choose the couch or seat for the living room minimalism you, then you have to choose a sofa that really harmonious with interior design your living room.In addition, for an election material own, you have to choose the couch or seat of material the bark of which has model as the couch bed.In addition, model seats guests is also give the impression of the living room modern as we look at the several models design seats the living room minimalism current in various electronic media.But, if you want to choose the concept of the living room classic modern, then you can choose model couch of teak.If you have the living room and its size of narrow, it would be good if it chose model the couch to relax or sofa that l-shaped so that the space your guest will look to with a model the couch this one.Placement model this sofa can you put in the corner your living room.In the design seats the living room minimalism, besides choose mo.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 17:42:03. Still numerous species of the table of another to fill your house. Most of the types of wood already mentioned above it could also be used to build the table other.Enough adjust to uses the desk, time its use, and place put it.For a time the use of long-term, and kinds of wood maple tree or oak and use basic colors such as red, blue, black and yellow, because of the colors are not designed for obsolescence.For the table which is laid at places easy damp or out room, can choose plywood because of its texture that remains unchanged from season to season, so not worn out because of water content in the air.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 17:40:03. Usually a dining table is focal point every house, so of course you have to material wood make the table of eating seen prominent.A dining table ideal must be strong, designed well and can hold much people to of the meal with family.A dining table best are mostly made from choice woods like material oak, mahogany, and walnuts.You might as well it is necessary to consider use plywood and mdf, although is not as strong as other timber which of its texture more solid.Choice other timber which good for the dining table is maple, maple wood having the density of a proper to flawless chromatic.This material can be very stable for the table having the top wide.But, as expression the prices, is goods prepare to paid extra for this wood, because than other timber, the price of this wood relatively expensive.In addition, maple also a few difficult to cut and need much sanding to get results best.
Janis Bullock Furniture Home, 2018-09-22 17:38:39. Election the couch minimalism choose the couch minimalism not only according to the concept the living room minimalism just, but also because the price relatively cheap compared soda ornately fancy.In addition, election the couch minimalism also can show class the homeowner based on matter.But, for you who did not have many budget never impose buy the couch a luxurious and expensive.Because in design seats the living room minimalism not seen from expensive the couch or seat the guests, but from a number of considerations the concept of interior design the living room itself.
Representations regarding the efficacy and safety of these CBD products have not been evaluated by the TGA. The TGA only evaluates foods and drugs, not supplements like these products. These products are not intended to diagnose, prevent, treat, or cure any disease.. These statements have not been evaluated by the TGA and are not intended to diagnose, treat, or cure any disease. Always check with your physician before starting a new dietary supplement program.
Any testimonials on this website are individual cases and do not guarantee that you will get the same results. Representations regarding the efficacy and safety of CBD Oil have not been scientifically substantiated or evaluated by the TGA
Please view our full Terms Of Use for more information and the terms and conditions governing your use of this site. Click here to view US Patent referred to in the above website text or Download PDF The Cannabidiol (CBD) in CBD is a natural constituent of industrial hemp plant and legally imported. We do not sell or distribute any products that are in violation of the TGA
Leaving Our Website Disclaimer: If we have a research link to another website, the Exit Disclaimer indicates that when you click the link you will leave the website and visit an external link. Links to any informational websites are provided solely as a service to our users. External links provide additional information that may be useful or interesting and have no affiliation to the promotion, sale and distribution of CBD products.
If you have trouble accessing this page and need to request an alternate format, contact the circulation desk.
Description A letter and short story submitted to Captain Jack asking for his help in polishing the story for submission in a writing contest
This Research Guide features research assistance, subject guides, and useful resources on early childhood education compiled by your friendly Fontbonne librarians.
(born April 21, 1782, Oberweissbach, Thuringia, Ernestine Saxony [now in Germany]—died June 21, 1852, Marienthal, near Bad Liebenstein, Thuringia), German educator who was founder of the kindergarten and one of the most influential educational reformers of the 19th century.
Subjects: Academic Subject Guide, Disability, Early Childhood, Education, Psychology, Special Education
The Fontbonne library uses Library of Congress call numbers to organize its collection. The classification system separates all material into 21 classes, each with its own alphabet letter. These classes are divided into smaller classes, or subclasses, identified by additional letters and numbers.
'Staff publications' contains references to publications authored by Wageningen University staff from 1976 onward.
Full text documents are added when available. The database is updated daily and currently holds about 240,000 items, of which 72,000 in open access.
A positive biodiversity – aboveground biomass relationship is often attributed to the niche complementarity hypothesis. This hypothesis has received much less support when based on functional trait diversity and when tested in complex natural forests. Here, we hypothesized that niche complementarity (high trait diversity) in the understorey and niche overlap (low trait diversity) in the overstorey would drive whole-community aboveground biomass. To test this hypothesis, we used multiple linear regression models to evaluate how functional trait diversity (functional richness, evenness, divergence and dispersion) of overstorey, understorey, and whole-community determine aboveground biomass across 125 plots in a 5-ha subtropical forest of Eastern China. A structural equation model was used to evaluate whether the functional trait diversity of overstorey affects the relationships between understorey functional trait diversity and whole-community aboveground biomass while considering for the effect of environmental factors. We additionally considered the effects of mass ratio (i.e. community-weighted mean of trait values) and stand structural complexity. The strong negative effect of overstorey functional evenness on aboveground biomass provides support to the functional dominance and/or niche overlap rather than niche complementarity effect. The negative effect of overstorey functional evenness on aboveground biomass was also partially mediated by its direct negative effect on understorey functional evenness. The weak positive effect of understorey functional evenness on aboveground biomass provides support to the niche complementarity effect. We conclude that functional evenness of overstorey and understorey strata affect whole-community aboveground biomass differently through opposing mechanisms, regardless of the effects of mass ratio and stand structural complexity.
Please log in to use this service. Login as Wageningen University & Research user or guest user in upper right hand corner of this page.
Set in contemporary Chicago, amidst a time of turmoil, four women with nothing in common except a debt left behind by their dead husbands' criminal activities take fate into their own hands and conspire to forge a future on their own terms.
Director Steve McQueen (12 Years a Slave) and Gone Girl author Gillian Flynn co-wrote the screenplay for his crazy-intense looking crime thriller starring queen of all queens, Viola Davis. Those three names are honestly all it would take to lure us to a theater, but it actually gets better: the film, based on Lynda La Plante’s novel of the same name, follows four women whose duplicitous husbands’ deaths lead them down a dangerous path.
Director Steve McQueen (12 Years a Slave) and Gone Girl author Gillian Flynn co-wrote the screenplay for his crazy-intense looking crime thriller starring queen of all queens, Viola Davis. Those three names are honestly all it would take to lure us to a theater, but it actually gets better: the film, based on Lynda La Plante’s novel of the same name, follows four women whose duplicitous husbands’ deaths lead them down a dangerous path. Widows co-stars everyone, basically, including Daniel Kaluuya, Michelle Rodriguez, Jacki Weaver, Colin Farrell, and Liam Neeson. Think: Good Girls meets Ocean’s 11, but the comedic elements are replaced by Davis staring soulfully into the (incredibly bleak) distance.
Jacobsen H-A, Muthusamy V (2011) Green middleware. In: Green IT: technologies and applications. Springer, Berlin, pp 341–361 CrossRefGoogle Scholar
UAHCI 2015: Universal Access in Human-Computer Interaction. Access to Today's Technologies pp 3-12 | Cite as
This work was partially funded by Marie Curie Actions IRIS (ref. 610986, FP7-PEOPLE-2013-IAPP) and METU Scientific Research Project scheme BAP–08-11-2012-121 Investigation of Cognitive Processes in Multimodal Communication.
Dias, M.S., Pires, C.G., Pinto, F.M., Teixeira, V.D., Freitas, J.: Multimodal user interfaces to improve social integration of elderly and mobility impaired. Stud. Heal. Technol. Informatics. 177, 14–25 (2012)Google Scholar
This New Jersey rhinoplasty article talks about current trends in plastic surgery. Specifically, it's about how people these days are really concerned to make their work look natural. No more bad no...
genuine and original mudflaps for W163 mercedes m-class 4x4 or suv mud flaps tailored by OEM / original parts supplier. Splash guards and mudguards for M Class old shape 163 ML class
for your new BMW 3 Series estate / tourer tailored rubber car mats for your 3 series - E90, new car parts oem quality heavy duty great floor mats touring wagon
Cleaning Services New Bedford - We are Southeastern Massachusetts' leading commercial and residential cleaning service. Our company is bonded and insured.
Lina E in “Sagol” by Antonio Mendes , Amelia Lake (New Model) in “Presenting Amelia” by Jon Barry , Darerca A (New Model) in “Presenting Darerca” by Rylsky , Demi A in “Elstan” by S...
If you're looking for a New York City Criminal Lawyer then this is the best site you can visit. Lots of information on this topic, you'll definitely find what you're searching for!
Come in Pearce Jewelers 41 Glen Road West Lebanon NH 03784 Ph 603-298-8833 http://pearcejewelers.com We have created some of the Most Exciting and Unusual Original Engagement Ring Designs, h
This tax attorney New Orleans website tells all the different services they do, like international taxes, alternative energy taxes, taxes for historic renovation and much more. They're really keeping...
zurück 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 111 112 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 120 121 122 123 124 125 126 127 128 129 130 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 145 146 147 148 149 150 151 152 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 160 161 162 163 164 165 166 167 168 169 170 171 172 173 174 175 176 177 178 179 180 181 182 183 184 185 186 187 188 189 190 191 192 193 194 195 196 197 198 199 200 201 202 203 204 205 206 207 208 209 210 211 212 213 214 215 216 217 218 219 220 221 222 223 224 225 226 227 228 229 230 231 232 233 234 235 236 237 238 239 240 241 242 243 244 245 246 247 248 249 250 251 252 253 254 255 256 257 258 259 260 261 262 263 264 265 266 267 268 269 270 271 272 273 274 275 276 277 278 279 280 281 282 283 284 285 286 287 288 289 290 291 292 293 294 295 296 297 298 299 300 301 302 303 304 305 306 307 308 309 310 311 312 313 314 315 316 317 318 319 320 321 322 323 324 325 326 327 328 329 330 ... 331 332 333 334 335 336 337 338 339 340 341 342 343 344 345 346 347 348 349 350 351 352 353 354 355 356 357 358 359 360 361 362 363 364 365 366 367 368 369 370 371 372 373 374 375 376 377 378 379 380 381 382 383 384 385 386 387 388 389 390 391 392 393 394 395 396 397 398 399 400 401 402 403 404 405 406 407 408 409 410 411 412 413 414 415 416 417 418 419 420 421 422 423 424 425 426 427 428 429 430 431 432 433 434 435 436 437 438 439 440 441 442 443 444 445 446 447 448 449 450 451 452 453 454 455 456 457 458 459 460 461 462 463 464 465 466 467 468 469 470 471 472 473 474 475 476 477 478 479 480 481 482 483 484 485 486 487 488 489 490 491 492 493 494 495 496 497 498 499 500 501 502 503 504 505 506 507 508 509 510 511 512 513 514 515 516 517 518 519 520 521 522 523 524 525 526 527 528 529 530 531 532 533 534 535 536 537 538 539 540 541 542 543 544 545 546 547 548 549 550 551 552 553 554 555 556 557 558 559 560 561 562 563 564 565 566 567 568 569 570 571 572 573 574 575 576 577 578 579 580 581 582 583 584 585 586 587 588 589 590 591 592 593 594 595 596 597 598 599 600 601 602 603 604 605 606 607 608 609 610 611 612 613 614 615 616 617 618 619 620 621 622 623 624 625 626 627 628 629 630 631 632 633 634 635 636 637 638 639 640 641 642 643 644 645 646 647 648 649 650 651 652 653 654 655 656 657 658 659 660 661 662 weiter
Commission by Blu to create a series of t-shirt graphics. Commission by Blu to create a series of t-shirt graphics. Commission by Blu to create a series of t-shirt graphics. Commission by Blu to create a series of t-shirt graphics. Commission by Blu to create a series of t-shirt graphics. Commission by Blu to create a series of t-shirt graphics. Commission by Blu to create a series of t-shirt graphics. Commission by Blu to create a series of t-shirt graphics. Commission by Blu to create a series of t-shirt graphics.
The tees were then made available to buy on the Blu tour and won as prizes through social media. The tees were then made available to buy on the Blu tour and won as prizes through social media. The tees were then made available to buy on the Blu tour and won as prizes through social media. The tees were then made available to buy on the Blu tour and won as prizes through social media. The tees were then made available to buy on the Blu tour and won as prizes through social media. The tees were then made available to buy on the Blu tour and won as prizes through social media. The tees were then made available to buy on the Blu tour and won as prizes through social media.
I should have remembered the lessons from Mark's discussion late last month and earlier this month about journalists and quotations -- just as Mark figured, an actual transcript of what Bush really said at the Gleneagles G8 knocks some of the air out of my accusation that Bush may have Freudian-slipped.
And reading a bit more of Friday's NYT today, I see that not even the same section of the same newspaper can get the same quote right.
First: according to the transcript Mark made, here's what Bush actually said immediately after the quote I originally cited:
the contrast couldn't be clearer between the intentions uh and the uh hearts of those of us who care deeply about human rights ((and)) human liberty and those who kill those who got such evil in their heart that they uh they will uh take the lives of innocent folks uh this is uh the war on terror goes on
"The contrast couldn't be clearer between the intentions and the hearts of those who care deeply about human rights and human liberty, and those who kill, those who've got such evil in their hearts that they will take the lives of innocent folks." Mr. Bush said. "The war on terror goes on."
"The contrast couldn't be clearer between the intentions and the hearts of those of us who care deeply about human rights and human liberty, and those who kill, those who've got such evil in their hearts that they will take the lives of innocent folks," Mr. Bush said. "The war on terror goes on."
The difference is just in the absence vs. presence of those two bolded words in the second quote: those of us (and in the period vs. comma before Mr. Bush said, but I'll assume that's just a typo in the first case). Presumably the same editor is responsible for these two stories, both in the International section, separated from each other by two pages in the paper edition (A11 and A13). In both cases, the passage was a single-column-width lone paragraph, so there was no need to remove of us in the first story in order to make things fit better or anything like that. And this removal makes a subtle difference: with of us included -- which is what Bush actually said -- Bush is including himself in the relevant group, especially by contrast with the bare those referring to the London bombers (and, ultimately, "the terrorists"). With of us excluded, on the other hand, Bush is made to appear to be excluding himself from both groups.
I really liked the Bellsprouts playing cards, it was a funny little thing in the middle of the grieving
installing a double bowl bathroom sink all in one matte stone farmhouse set with faucet stainless steel two strainers and.
Health care legislation has gone wrong with. Homework Academic Service jwpaperkpra.soalmatematika.info
News about health care reform, including commentary and archival articles published in the new york times. Over the past couple of weeks the obama administration has subtly but noticeably shifted its rhetoric on health-care reform as poll numbers slid, obama began to pepper his statements with. Managed health care (a good idea gone wrong) peter huber in forbes advanced the view that the real cost of health care has actually “been declining steadily for the last 50 years” because of the dramatic decreases in the economic cost of illness to society over the past half-century 2003 medicare overhaul legislation.
Something has gone wrong possible after you realise something has gone wrong with their care when you speak to them, there should be someone available to support them (for example a friend, relative or service in scotland or the community health councils in wales see patients’ help on the gmc website (wwwgmc-uk. A timeline of health care reforms 2010 – 2022 here is an easy to understand health care reform timeline 2010 – 2022 the healthcare reform timeline lays out health insurance reforms and health care milestones contained within the affordable care act (obamacare. Politics in america what's gone wrong in china has hardly made a success of health care lately) america's political structure was designed to make legislation at the federal level.
Username or e-mail password create new account request new password. With a major hurdle cleared this weekend in the health care reform efforts, much attention has been focused on how it’s “historic” and how many people are now going to have healthcare and somehow topics of abortion and and other seemingly tangential issues became deciding factors in who would vote for it. Therefore, by not improving health care, and to an extent, by not introducing health care as a right, we are doing something wrong 19, 20 there are limitations to this: it applies to individual actions rather than governmental change. The patient protection and affordable care act, often shortened to the affordable care act (aca) or nicknamed obamacare, is a united states federal statute enacted by the 111th united states congress and signed into law by president barack obama on march 23, 2010. Following discovery that something has gone wrong with a patient, many medical professionals may wish to express their condolences or apologies to patients or their families however, in some states, such expressions may be admissible before courts as evidence of wrongdoing or guilt in medical.
These are the impersonal forces, i’ve come to believe, that explain why things have gone so badly wrong in health care, producing the national dilemma of runaway costs and poorly covered millions. The aca, widely known as obamacare, has been the signature achievement of obama’s two terms it sought to transform the unruly, expensive and inefficient us health care system by stopping what. A gallup poll earlier this year found 55% of americans worry a great deal about accessing and affording medical care - the fifth year in a row that healthcare has topped the issues list. The republican proposal preserves popular items from obama's health law, including letting young adults stay on their parents' plan until age 26 but it shrinks financial aid for low-income americans.
He thinks congress has gone on the wrong track of doing what people really want with health care “we need to work together to get healthcare costs down and make it affordable for all americans. The 20-year old program, which provides health care coverage to low- and moderate-income kids, has been an indisputable success: between 1997 and 2015, the uninsured rate for children under 18 was. The affordable care act is a good effort the has seemingly gone wrong in several key areas while the number of uninsured has declined, and many living below the poverty are receiving health benefits they would not otherwise have, the cost savings are simply not there.
This requirement helps patients know if something has gone wrong with the protection of their information and helps keep providers accountable ocr works to help make sure your health information is kept private and secure by your health professionals. Senator lara has been critical of the republican proposal to repeal the affordable care act: “speaker paul ryan’s plan to shred the affordable care act is a hard-right wish list that will cover fewer people and cost more, and a huge step backward from our goal of universal healthcare. The real problem with the american healthcare system is that prices are continually rising, making healthcare unaffordable to an ever-increasing fraction of the population and recent healthcare legislation has addressed none of the causes of high prices. The bristol affair has been a powerful political lever for change in the national health service (nhs), which some now argue has the most comprehensive and integrated systems for health care.
What is wrong with obamacare, otherwise known as the patient protection and affordable care acthere are 11 problems with the most comprehensive piece of legislation since the social security act and medicare many of these reasons are why trump wants to repeal and replace it.
Toothache gone wrong which is supposed to provide health care for the uninsured poor, may have sent his paperwork to the homeless shelter where the family briefly lived before his destitute.
Health secretary jeremy hunt has said this is on the government's agenda but many have tried to find a solution before and failed the social care system was created in 1948 and has hardly.
Posts about health care legislation written by libertyssong enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. These numbers attest to the fact that something has gone wrong with the health care system’s pricing mechanism both the left and the right also want high-quality, abundant care the us boasts. In the final month of open enrollment for the federal and state-run health care exchanges, one of the architects of the affordable care act (aca) has published a new book that offers an inside look a. The british national health service (nhs) was born in 1948, based on legislation passed that year mandating free high-quality health care for all paid by taxes in contrast, the us started medicare in 1966 to provide health care to the elderly and the state children’s insurance program (schip.
On National Christmas Jumper Day the team at Central helped to make the world a little bit better with a sweater.
We joined thousands of people in schools, offices and homes up and down the country who pulled on their warmest, wackiest and most wonderful festive woollies to help raise money for Save the Children and Santa was here to join in the fun...
Brand new contemporary solid oak TV and DVD cabinet. The stand is designed to comfortably hold large (LCD/ Plasma or LED) televisions up to 50" wide (larger televisions can be accommodated with overhang).
Mobel Oak Four Drawer Television Cabinet is a modern solid oak TV and DVD cabinet & part of Mobel Oak contemporary living room furniture range. Television Cabinet overall dimensions of the TV unit are H52 x W99 x D49.5 cm. Stand is designed to comfortably hold large (LCD/ Plasma or LED) televisions up to 50" wide (larger televisions can be accommodated with overhang). There are two open shelves designed to hold DVD players and Skybox (shelf dimensions are: H17 x W44.5 x D50 cm). Both of the open shelves have cable holes to the rear to allow invisible wiring. The four drawers are designed to store CDs and DVDs (internal dimensions H14.5 x W13.5 x D29 cm). The drawers hold approximately 116 standard CDs or 36 DVDs. Crafted from the highest grade, selected solid oak. Environmentally friendly - Our oak is sustainable and sourced from managed plantations. Exceptional build quality and designed to last a lifetime. The piece has tongue and groove hardwood back and drawer inners. No veneers - constructed from selected solid oak. Panelled sides add design detail. All the drawer joints are dovetailed. The TV cabinet is fitted with stylish brushed steel two-tone handles. Resilient satin lacquer finish is hardwearing, yet emphasises the beautiful oak grain. This is a solidly constructed piece of furniture and no assembly is required.
This platinum 6mm Comfort-Fit carved wedding band features a wired-finished with a high polished round edge for noticeable style. Benchmark has been manufacturing designer wedding rings in Gold, Platinum and Palladium for over 40 years. Made in the USA using 100% recycled materials you can feel good about choosing Benchmark wedding bands.... *Prices are subject to change based on fluctuations in metal prices and currencies
Manufacturing beautiful bridal jewelry for over 40 years, Benchmark utilizes the finest skilled craftsmen and state of the art technology to create beautiful wedding rings in gold, palladium, and platinum. Proudly manufactured in the U.S.A., each Benchmark ring is carefully crafted and undergoes a 6 step quality control process to ensure that your wedding ring will last for generations.
© 2018 Godwin Jewelers, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Website designed, maintained, and hosted by Punchmark
Today I took the day off from my lavender garden, to enjoy a lovely, relaxing facial & massage at “Strawberry Mountain” Spa/Salon. The tranquil experience began from the moment I stepped into the spa with the calming music, a cup of green tea, and a fresh rose on my heated spa chair. Allove, was my lovely Esthetician, encouraging me to relax with the delicate, soothing, yet stimulating facial treatment, and massage. It included facial massage, and also neck, shoulder, hand, arm massage, and gentle touch on my feet 🙂 I have extremely sensitive skin, and Allove was careful to personally choose , ‘just for me‘, each skincare product for my treatment. The soothing aromas from the nourishing essential oil, herbal elixirs, and floral hydrosols, helped transcend me to a calming state inside, encouraging me to inhale deeply and release all my stress. I was so “Deeply Relax”!! I became rejuvenated, and refreshed, and my face never felt so beautiful! Thank you Allove, and all the staff at Strawberry Mountain for an excellent, relaxing spa treatment. You offer the highest quality of professional skincare spa treatment I’ve ever had!!
It’s all about celebrating our first English lavender in bloom!! I’ve cut several fresh bouquets of our earliest English varieties, Mt. Hood and Edgerton Blue, to use for the hands-on wand making class. These lovely ‘wands or ‘bottles’ are a Victorian sachet that are extremely fun to make, incorporating the basket weaving technique. They have been used to freshen linens and impart fragrance around the home for centuries.
We are starting to U-Pick lavender, and many customers enjoy strolling through the garden cutting from the many varieties of English lavender for a delightfully fragrant, beautiful lavender bouquet to take home. Saturday Ben Bonham was on site playing his folk, blues and garden music to liven up our party atmosphere. He’s such great fun!!
Have a wonderful weekend Father’s, and celebrate your family with us in the lavender fields, with a sample of our most famous ‘Lavender Ginger Apple Cider’, and Lavender Shortbread!!
We had a tour group from Portland visit our farm this morning. They reserved our tour package in advance for their group from Florida. The package included a garden tour, hands-on Lavender Wand class, and self-serve Lavender Tea and Lavender Scones, on our covered patio. During the garden tour I described the 70 different lavender varieties planted at our U-Pick farm. Many photos are always taken during the tour, especially of the wild flower section in the middle of the lavender garden.
Three ladies visited our lavender farm a few days ago from Bend. They mentioned that their art group would be coming in August to paint the lavender in bloom. After looking at our lavender starter plants for planting around their homes, they asked, “which ones are hardy to our zone 3-4”? I suggested the Angustifolia “English”, it’s the True Lavender, and most hardy.
Since the sun was out for the first time in three days, they asked if it would be OK if they set-up to paint… of course it would be alright! So on a beautiful sunny day, this is how it looked, painting in the flower garden 🙂
The amount of growth in 1 week of the Lavender and the Wildflowers is mind-boggling. The Wildflowers are now almost twice as big with hundreds more in bloom, and the Lavender has heading towards bloom a ton also!
So you should know I used to be on a bowling league. (Yeah, I'm cool like that.) It's been about 9 years since I was on the league and about 8 years since I've bowled... until last week. Haha! I may not have my old skills, but I had a lot of fun! I would consider starting back again... I'm not so sure any league would take me, though ;)
After a long day, like today, I'm comforted by familiar things. Such as this favorite print in my room.
when anyone asks us to choose our favorite gourmet sandwich on the bfd menu, it’s hard not to say “all of them.” and while we’re happy to make recommendations based on preferred ingredients and dietary needs, sometimes it’s best to consult the experts: our loyal customers. ​
​based on reviews and in-house compliments, there are a few standout sandwiches that get a disproportionate amount of love. not sure what to choose during your next visit to big front door? check out these top sandwiches, with reviews ranging from “very inventive” to “heavenly”:
there’s a reason we cure and smoke all our meats in-house—it’s the only way to get the flavor and texture just right. after that, the challenge is selecting the perfect additional ingredients to create an experience your taste buds will never forget. our cali cubano pairs moist, tender smoked pork loin with jack cheese, avocado, pickle, red onion, mustard and jalapeno aioli on a torpedo roll. kien v. on yelp says, “don’t think too hard, get the cali cubano.” ​
regulars know that our “sos” (sandwich of the season) can come and go anytime, but sometimes a particular “sos” will become such a hit that our customers lobby to keep it on the menu permanently. that’s what happened with the keeper, which features roast chicken breast, bacon, cheddar, fresh jalapeno, red onion, lettuce, house-made barbecue sauce, garlic aioli, and “a hint of magic i’m sure,” according to stephanie l. on yelp. ​
it’s no coincidence that fans of our hoisin-ginger pulled pork sandwich say it’s reminiscent of banh mi. we took the basic concept of the popular asian fusion creation and gave it a bfd twist with house-made hoisin-ginger sauce and cilantro joining carrot, cabbage, scallion, and slow-cooked pulled pork on a torpedo roll. if you like a little sweet with your savory in a sandwich, this fan favorite is for you.
vegans and vegetarians who are tired of being limited to traditional meat sandwiches with the meat removed can rejoice at our deep v sandwich. smoked potatoes give the deep v a crunchy texture to complement the avocado whip, lettuce, roma tomato, red onion, pea sprout, and oil and vinegar on whole grain bread. in fact, rachel h. on yelp and other former carnivores refer to the deep v as an excellent swap for their once-favorite blt. ​
rave reviews from bfd customers definitely give us a spring in our step, but it’s always nice to be recognized by famous foodies. and while we’re beyond proud that our avocado highway sandwich is one of zagat’s “9 favorite san diego sandwiches,” (snagging the article’s headline photo like a culinary supermodel), we’re not surprised. with stacked avocado, roma tomato, lettuce, oil and vinegar, and our signature parmesan crisp, “protein won’t be missed,” zagat says. come taste what they call the sandwich’s “bracing deliciousness” for yourself.
the fan favorites mentioned here are only a taste of bfd’s wide range of gourmet sandwich offerings. we also have fresh salads with house-made dressings, soups from scratch, and a selection of delectable desserts to top of your meal—if you have room. ​if you have any questions, give us a call at our university heights location at ​(619) 255-4100 or our new solana beach location at ​(858) 353-2815.
We're a team of geeks specialized in product design, manufacturing and supply chain, who relish solving the toughest problems around. We are dedicated to building unparalleled solutions for every project yet scalable at both cost and quality. We love what we do, and who we do it with.
We believe the supply chain you work with should not be just reliable. It must be cost competitive, highly efficient and be of premium quality. Our aim is to meet these needs of our partners, in ways that are economically, socially and environmentally viable, now and in the future.
Kinspring is a product strategy and manufacturing company. We identify business opportunities, develop and make great products, services, and experiences that grow brands and delight users.
nursery room idea vintage nursery furniture images about nursery room on vintage dressers ideas and baby nursery decorating ideas for small spaces.
nursery room idea baby will love this charmingly rustic nursery for years to come instead of wallpaper nursery room ideas for baby boy.
nursery room idea full size of grey baby room ideas best nursery on cute nursery room ideas for small spaces.
nursery room idea steal worthy decorating ideas for small baby nurseries nursery design ideas for baby girl.
nursery room idea full size of lovely baby nursery room ideas decorating ideas for nursery baby room decorations girl.
nursery room idea full size of bedroom ideas grey cribs nursery girl ideas gray baby bedroom nursery designs for small spaces.
nursery room idea boy room theme with amazing and also stunning by boy bedroom design ideas for home nursery room ideas.
nursery room idea brilliant decorating ideas for small baby nursery room infant baby nursery room idea with nursery decorations for baby boy.
nursery room idea sensational princess baby nursery room ideas absolutely love the hanging clouds in the blue nursery no nursery designs for small spaces.
Popular searches:aysia hot asian chick tattoo plays with a vibrator on cam i cought my mother in law playing with her pussy and my sister in law playing with a vibraitor playing with a dildo girlfriend is filmed while i play with her pussy she rubs a cock pov with a smile on girls play with each other on a carriage ride
Description: POV Art Film School For Adult Members. I playing with a boy on the real TV. / pornhub.com
tags: gay gay-sex paid dude twink broken-boy broken-straight amateur college reality broken gaymen money men
Sat, 26 Mar 2016 Amazon boys tumblr gay Anthony snapchat captured the meatpipe and played with it for a
Get Amazon boys tumblr gay Anthony snapchat captured the meatpipe and played with it for a tube video
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummytext of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.
Contrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random text. It has roots in a piece of classical Latin literature from 45 BC, making it over 2000 years old. Richard McClintock, a Latin professor at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia, looked up one of the more obscure Latin words, consectetur, from a Lorem Ipsum passage, and going through the cites of the word in classical literature, discovered the undoubtable source. Lorem Ipsum comes from sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum" (The Extremes of Good and Evil) by Cicero, written in 45 BC. This book is a treatise on the theory of ethics, very popular during the Renaissance. The first line of Lorem Ipsum, "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet..", comes from a line in section 1.10.32.Lorem Ipsum is simply dummytext of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.
Contrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random text. It has roots in a piece of classical Latin literature from 45 BC, making it over 2000 years old. Richard McClintock, a Latin professor at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia, looked up one of the more obscure Latin words, consectetur, from a Lorem Ipsum passage, and going through the cites of the word in classical literature, discovered the undoubtable source. Lorem Ipsum comes from sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum" (The Extremes of Good and Evil) by Cicero, written in 45 BC. This book is a treatise on the theory of ethics, very popular during the Renaissance. The first line of Lorem Ipsum, "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet..", comes from a line in section 1.10.32.
For one educator, an assistant professor of English with a specialization in writing, the short but dramatic move "up the block" from the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) to DePaul University eight miles north occasioned an adjustment to a radically different institutional personality and student body, despite similar street addresses. This paper narrates some aspects of this transition. It states that what is missed most about graduate school is the loss of a graduate student community in which membership alone meant trust on at least some core level because affiliations formed around "class"--mutual status as academic underlings. And it finds that, for a faculty member, the independence can be great, but loneliness is inevitable. The paper explains how the MA in Writing is structured and how this affects the department (and departmental politics), as well as the decorousness of the students at DePaul as opposed to those at UIC. The problems raised in the paper--a literature-entrenched department, an often passive student body--are not unique. According to the paper, the educator learned to construct her teacher identity in what Laura Micciche calls a specific "mesosystem," the general climate of the department and the institution, collegial relations, and relations with the administration. The paper suggests that with every new teaching mesosystem a teacher must reconstruct his/her teacher identity. (NKA)
Descriptors: Beginning Teachers, College Environment, College Faculty, Collegiality, English Departments, Higher Education, Interprofessional Relationship, Loneliness, Politics of Education, Writing Instruction
Liability and Remedies for School Segregation in the United States and the European Union. Working Paper #44 - Bowman, Kristi; Nantl, Jiri
For a Few Dollars More (PEA, 1965). Italian 4 - Folio (55" X 78"). Sergio Leone's sequel to A Fistful of Dollars reunites the Italian director with Clint Eastwood, the infamous "Man With No Name." Eastwood teams up with a bounty hunter (Lee Van Cleef) in order to capture a psychotic bandit (Gian Maria Volonte). Like the other films in the trilogy, Leone's tight closeups and Ennio Morricone's musical score have become legend, imitated and parodied in equal measure. Actors have also attempted the patented Eastwood squint-and-sneer, on full display in this impressively-sized country-of-origin poster designed by Franco Fiorenzi. Nicely restored, this sheet had edge and fold wear with separations at the cross folds and chips in the borders and bottom panel. Fine/Very Fine on Linen.
Grey is a true asset to Heritage Auctions and Heritage Auctions are a true asset to the Movie Poster Hobby.
For over 160 years, CGU has been helping Aussie families and businesses secure their peace of mind with insurance coverage. It’s also active in Aussie communities - for example, CGU provided funding to enable the 2016 Tropfest to go ahead.
Every year, CGU insures over a million vehicles, and pays an average of 98% of the 350,000 claims it receives. So check out some of the need to know details about CGU car insurance policies below.
† Mozo may receive a payment from financial providers listed on the site. Customer reviews are in no way affected by any commercial relationships Mozo has with providers.
It’s important to know what you’re covered for, so that if something happens, you’ll be able to act quickly. Here are some of the things covered by CGU:
Unlike a lot of other car insurance policies, vehicle modifications are also covered under a CGU policy.
Even a comprehensive policy doesn’t cover everything. Your car insurance policy is designed to help you cover the costs of fixing your car when there’s an emergency - whether it’s an accident or if you’re the victim of a crime - but it generally doesn’t cover things like aging or usual wear and tear.
There are few things that play a part in how much your car insurance bill will impact your budget. The main ones are:
Your premium is determined by the cost to CGU of providing insurance (this means the costs of running a business, basically) as well as the likelihood of you making a claim. The more likely it is that you will make a claim, the more expensive your premium will be.
This depends on a bunch of risk factors, like your age, where you live, driving history, the make and model of your vehicle, and whether you keep your car in a garage or not.
Remember that your CGU insurance premium might be different each time you renew, as your risk factors can change.
The good news is, there are a couple of discounts on offer from CGU that will help keep your insurance costs down. These include the no claims discount and get this - your first at-fault claim won’t impact your no claims bonus.
The excess is an expense you should consider when taking out an insurance policy, not only because it’s the amount you’ll have to come up with if there’s an emergency and you need to make a claim, but also because it can affect how high your premium is.
You can choose a low excess on your CGU car insurance, but remember that this will mean you pay a higher premium. If you’d like to lower your premium, you might opt for a higher excess.
When you’re trying to fit the cost of car insurance into your budget, it’s nice to have a little flexibility with how you can go about it.
With CGU, you can choose to pay your insurance in monthly, fortnightly or annual installments. You can also pay via direct transfer from your bank account, or with a credit or debit card. The best news is that all these flexible options come at no extra cost to you.
Now that you’ve read some of the need-to-know information, find out what CGU customers think of their car insurance policy in our customer review section. Everyday Aussies have rated CGU on its performance in areas like trust, convenience and customer service.
You can lodge a claim with CGU anytime, anywhere, by calling the 24/7 phone line. When you do, you’ll need to have some information on hand to make the claims process smooth, including:
The contact details of anyone involved in the incident, including name, address, registration details, phone number and insurance details if known.
You can use the handy CGU app to collect all this information and share it with CGU when you make your claim, or just save it for later reference.
Home loans Credit cards Personal loans Car loans Savings accounts Term deposits Bank accounts Travel insurance Electricity Gas
Reserve Bank interest rates Interest rates Financial calculators Australian banking providers Australian energy providers Vice calculator
Home loan reviews Credit card reviews Car insurance reviews Energy reviews Experts Choice Awards People's Choice Awards
Mozo provides factual information in relation to financial products. While Mozo attempts to make a wide range of products and providers available via its site it may not cover all the options available to you. The information published on Mozo is general in nature only and does not consider your personal objectives, financial situation or particular needs and is not recommending any particular product to you. Mozo may receive payment from product issuers for clicks on or applications for products marked as "Promoted". If you decide to apply for a product you will be dealing directly with that provider and not with Mozo. Mozo recommends that you read the relevant PDS or offer documentation before taking up any financial product offer. For more information please see Mozo's FSG, General advice disclaimer or Terms of use.
If you are like most folks, you never really get pleasure from cleaning the carpets in your property. It's a challenging task and obtaining skilled final results can be demanding. Why not just switch to the professionals? The subsequent report will open your eyes to the possibilities and you may possibly in no way reach for that outdated vacuum cleaner once more!
Eid is coming, and no matter how older we get, all we could think of is el Eideya we’re getting (or giving, sadly)!
We all know how this one goes; the art of giving Eideya is not an easy task, and some people like to do it their own way!
We all went through the whole “Come with me inside” situation; your aunt takes you to your grandmother’s room and gives you the 50 EGP, and you don’t even understand why she hasn’t given it in front of everyone.
We all have this one uncle we rarely ever see. He lives abroad and showers us with money; the kind of money we invest in a new mobile phone with!
Who doesn’t get confused in family gatherings when a relative with a familiar face tells you to come to take your Eideya? The thing is that he doesn’t know your name or whose kid you are, and you don’t even know him too. Are we even relatives? No one knows.
Okay, he doesn’t always have to be the rich guy in the family, but he is VERY generous indeed, and for some reason, he usually gives the highest amount of money, EVERY.Eid!
There is always this one person in the family who – although he’s aware of the fact that you are a grown-up who is able to take their own Eideya – STILL gives it to your parents to save it for you!
Okay, we don’t really understand why this HAS to happen with the same person every Eid! Again, it’s EID, it’s what society and the world forced on you as an adult, to give the younger ones Eideya, why not give it normally? It’s not shameful y’all!
Probably most of us are either nearing this phase or are ALREADY in it, and this is where you have no idea what to do. You keep asking all the questions; who do I give the money to? How much should I give them? Should it be in public? Should I do it ‘the secret aunt’ way?
So those were the different types of people in our Egyptian families who give Eideya, but in style! Tell us, do you have more to add to the list?
Identity is a monthly fashion and lifestyle magazine bringing you the latest and hottest trends in Egypt and worldwide! Identity-Mag.com is a our stand-alone website that delivers fashion, entertainment, celebrity and latest happenings from all over the world.
At its core, webpack is a static module bundler for modern JavaScript applications. When webpack processes your application, it recursively builds a dependency graph that includes every module your application needs, then packages all of those modules into one or more bundles.
This document is intended to give a high-level overview of these concepts, while providing links to detailed concept specific use cases.
An entry point indicates which module webpack should use to begin building out its internal dependency graph. After entering the entry point, webpack will figure out which other modules and libraries that entry point depends on (directly and indirectly).
Every dependency is then processed and outputted into files called bundles, which we&apos;ll discuss more in the next section.
You can configure the entry property in various ways depending the needs of your application. Learn more in the entry points section.
The output property tells webpack where to emit the bundles it creates and how to name these files. You can configure this part of the process by specifying an output field in your configuration:
In the example above, we use the output.filename and the output.path properties to tell webpack the name of our bundle and where we want it to be emitted to.
The output property has many more configurable features and if you like to know more about the concepts behind the output property, you can read more in the concepts section.
Loaders enable webpack to process more than just JavaScript files (webpack itself only understands JavaScript). They give you the ability to leverage webpack&apos;s bundling capabilities for all kinds of files by converting them to valid modules that webpack can process.
Essentially, webpack loaders transform all types of files into modules that can be included in your application&apos;s dependency graph (and eventually a bundle).
Note that the ability to import any type of module, e.g. .css files, is a feature specific to webpack and may not be supported by other bundlers or task runners. We feel this extension of the language is warranted as it allows developers to build a more accurate dependency graph.
The configuration above has defined a rules property for a single module with two required properties: test and use. This tells webpack&apos;s compiler the following:
"Hey webpack compiler, when you come across a path that resolves to a &apos;.txt&apos; file inside of a require()/import statement, use the raw-loader to transform it before you add it to the bundle."
It is important to remember that when defining rules in your webpack config, you are defining them under module.rules and not rules. For your benefit, webpack will &apos;yell at you&apos; if this is done incorrectly.
While loaders are used to transform certain types of modules, plugins can be leveraged to perform a wider range of tasks. Plugins range from bundle optimization and minification all the way to defining environment-like variables. The plugin interface is extremely powerful and can be used to tackle a wide variety of tasks.
In order to use a plugin, you need to require() it and add it to the plugins array. Most plugins are customizable through options. Since you can use a plugin multiple times in a config for different purposes, you need to create an instance of it by calling it with the new operator.
There are many plugins that webpack provides out of the box! Check out our list of plugins for more information.
Using plugins in your webpack config is straightforward - however, there are many use cases that are worth further exploration.
4. In your entry, submit two photos, your username, and the brand name and price of each item in your outfit.
Top 5 winners will be anounced April 1, 2011! Their photos will be posted on La vie est belle. First place winner will earn bragging rights and receive a gift from Lina & Lacie.
Silk and Purple, Feelin Feminine, True Femininity, Cakies, and All Things Lovely are participating sponsors of this event.
Oh, my! I've left the blogging scene lately! This has not been intentional -- I have NOT been at home! Life has been so crazy, but wonderful! Let's see if I can tell you in a nutshell...
Climbed up and down a mountain with filming equipment, and in city clothes. (I don't recommend this.)
For Valentine's Day I wish for everyone to find Love... (Yes, you may laugh. I'm a hopeful romantic ;)
This Love that I wish, hope, and pray for I have already found, or rather this Love found me. This Love can't be found in people or even in yourself. You must be in this Love before you can love. And the lovely thing about it is this Love loved you first even while you were unlovable. This Love waits, prays, and seeks you!
And it snowed again! This is pretty historical down here. It was REALLY cold this time, but I couldn't believe myself when I was not really enthusiastic about "playing" in the snow. I might have even uttered the words that I am wishing for spring... Oh my! Be it cold or warm, new or old, the world around me is beautiful. Sometimes you just have to look a bit harder ;)
Once upon a time, in a happy school where all children could be creative and serve their creator, there was a teacher. This teacher was fond of the children and they had many a merry time together, but the teacher forgot all about the ball that the Ladies of the land were hosting to reward the good children. No matter if you be an elf, goblin, knight, or maiden, you were invited, but the teacher had nothing to wear! So she traveled to the great castle of Hobby of Lobby to fetch fabric. To her great surprise, a good fairy showed her golden fabric to create a most pleasing gown!
She worked with her hands day and night to finish her dress and she did! So she danced and was merry with those lovely children! And this is a faithful narrative of what transpired... well almost ;)
One of my sweet ballet sisters! It was great to catch up with her over lunch this weekend. You can find her blog here!
... sorry for a bit of secrecy, but for those who know a bit of what I've been up to lately, you will know why this is part of my inspiration board!
I guess the best way to describe myself is in the words of Emily Dickinson. I'm nobody! Who are you? Are you nobody, too? Then there's a pair of us — don't tell! They'd banish us, you know. How dreary to be somebody! How public, like a frog To tell your name the livelong day To an admiring bog! By Emily Dickinson
Malibu Unites started around 2010 when the environmental issue in Malibu broke out and threatened a lot of people’s health and safety, most especially the children’s. Of course, we could not afford to see and let these children be affected by the issues and crisis happening in their place, and knowing that the toxic chemical PCBs can take away these children’s education away from them. Therefore, we made our move. There are a lot of people, parents, teachers, and others who were very concerned so they reached out for help. Fortunately, it was not just the people in Malibu who were concerned, several organisations stepped in for the sake of the children and the people.
With their help, we were able to provide a platform for the people’s voices to be heard. We assisted them in reaching out to the government and asked others’ help for this matter. After a long time, the government and other concerned authorities were finally able to take serious action. So many people paid attention, gave donations, and gave their personal help and participation in this project. Malibu Unites is very thankful for this support, most especially the children, parents, and teachers who were very much affected by the presence of the PCBs. Everyone was relieved that they were able to receive a great amount of help from others and that they knew they weren’t alone in fighting for their rights.
Now, the children are happily and safely studying in the school of Malibu where the issue broke out. However, the work of Malibu Unites continue. They remain alert and helpful and keep reaching out to people who need help. Whatever problems or issues there are, as long as it concerns the safety, health, and education of children, they are more than ready and willing to help. It is only righteous to keep helping others and fight for their own sake.
Malibu Unites started around 2010 when the environmental issue in Malibu broke out and threatened a lot of people’s health and safety, most especially the children’s.
paperproducts design mugs paper product logo choosing computer start button novato,paperproducts design winter solstice sniff coupon code,paperproducts design vicki sawyer paper product coupons sterling group of companies platinum anniversary products uk,paper product design coupons novato stationery company official website paperproducts mugs,paper product design coupons novato paperproducts catalogs associates,paperproducts design mugs coupon code paper product novato all,so you want to get into the stationery business paperproducts design vicki sawyer paper products uk,find the heart of your brand storytelling with these 6 questions paperproducts design hello kitty coupon code winter solstice,paperproducts design vicki sawyer hello kitty about pure labels paper product novato,paperproducts design coupon code paper products uk winter fox guest towel hello kitty.
shaw vinyl plank reviews flooring floor floor tile discontinued floor tile price floor luxury vinyl plank flooring shaw floorte vinyl plank flooring reviews.
Lancaster Honda offers the best tillers on the market: Honda's mini-tillers, mid-tine tillers, and rear-tine tillers. Whatever you need, we can help you select the right Honda tiller for the job. Why buy from us? Our customers come first. Our expert sales team will spend the time with you to make sure your Honda tiller is going to match your specific needs. We will set it up and service it for you, and we will show you how to operate it safely before you leave. And because we offer great products at great prices, you’ll know you got the best value at Lancaster Honda.
I would like Lancaster Honda to email me about events, promotions and useful information about Honda products.
WARNING: This product can expose you to chemicals including soots, tars, and mineral oils, which are known to the State of California to cause cancer, and carbon monoxide, which is known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov.
WARNING: This product can expose you to chemicals including lead and lead compounds, which are known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov.
Oil May Help Women With Arousal Problems Small Study Shows Botanical-Based Topical Product Helps By Salynn Boyles Jan. 30, 2003 -- For millions of women with sexual arousal problems, the mind is willing but the body just doesn't respond. Arousal disorder is one of the most common forms of female sexual dysfunction, and there are literally hundreds of over-the-counter products claimin
Go Green Cleaners has 4 locations to serve you better. Both our Ashland, KY and Portsmouth, OH locations feature Drive-Thru windows for your convenience.
"It is our pledge to our customers that we will provide the best service, cleaning, and finishing possible."
Go Green Cleaners is proud to be a GreenEarth Cleaning affiliate. We use GreenEarth's environmentally safe dry cleaning process that replaces petroleum-based solvents with liquid silicone.
Nice To Be Around - No more worry about toxic chemicals and fumes. Now that's something you can live with.
See the GreenEarth Difference - Clothes stay bright, whites stay white. Fabrics look new, even after repeated dry cleanings.
Feel the GreenEarth Difference - Clothes feel smooth and supple again. Just like the day you bought them.
"Most dry cleaners use a solvent called perchloroethylene, a known carcinogen in animals. You wouldn't want it next to your skin, and when the chemical isn't disposed of properly, it can seep into water supplies. But there's hope for that wine-stained shirt. Some cleaners are switching to a harmless silicone solvent that biodegrades. Visit greenearthcleaning.com to find your nearest nontoxic cleaner."
Discover is an award-winning, clearly written general interest magazine devoted to the world of science and technology. It intelligently explores all areas of science from archeology to ecology, technology to medicine, and astronomy to physics.
Enhance your coding skills in the most technical surgical cases & get paid what you rightfully deserve.
Dirt Rider Magazine delivers stories about how and where to ride, new equipment and motorcycles, and prominent individuals in the sport.
This entry was posted on Monday, August 22nd, 2011 at 13:01	and is filed under . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
We constantly check Alexa ratings, so this percentage shows how many times Ciresarii.tv appeared in Alexa rankings.
Bollywood star Shahid Kapoor is all set to hit the silver screen very soon with his upcoming movie “Padmavati”. He said, he is more than happy to be a part of this historic movie and is privileged to work under the great filmmaker, Sanjay Leela Bhansali.
A small question and answer session on Twitter was held this Tuesday, where a user out of curiosity asked him about his experience with Bhansali. The talented actor answered, “it was pleasure and a privilege to work under such a great personality.”
In the movie Padmavati, Shahid will be seen playing the role of Raja Rawal Ratan Singh, who is the reel husband of Deepika Padukone akka Rani Padmavati.
Another fan asked Shahid, what he liked about his character? He replied, “Courageous, fearless and respectful towards women.”
As the movie is a periodic one, the filmmaker has worked very minutely on each and every part of the scenes. They have taken extra care of Shahid’s regal look and each costume was made perfectly replicating to Rajput glory at its best.
Designer Harpreet Narula informed that extra effort was put behind the making of every costume. In fact, organic fabrics from Rajasthan were used and 22 local artisans worked on them for perfection.
The designer also revealed that pure muslin cloth was used as the base while vegetable dye or hand dye was used for the embroidery purpose. Colour is the main asset of Rajasthani outfits so every costume has been made beyond perfection.
The audience is eagerly waiting to see Padmavati. The other good news is that the actor also confirmed that post Padmavati, he will be seen in yet another project.
Opposite Deepika Padukone and Shahid, actor Ranveer Singh will be seen sharing the screen. You can see the film on the big screen on 1st of December, 2017.
Today's episode of #Choiceology (the podcast I host) is about temptation, and includes special guests @R_Thaler (ta… https://t.co/ypUg3vgLBK
Lewis Hamilton wins his fifth Formula One world title at Mexico Grand Prix, equals Juan Manuel Fangio record
Billionaire Leicester City owner ‘dies in the helicopter crash alongside ‘two crew and two other passengers’ (Photos)
Reports say Jamal Khashoggi’s remains were found in the garden of the Saudi consul’s official residence
In a recent chat with PUNCH, the reggae star said, he had been a vegetarian for over 37 years and neither smoked nor drank alcohol.
He said, “I have never smoked and I don’t drink alcohol. I tell people I have been a vegetarian for 37 years. Even when my friends were having sex with two girls at the same time in those days, I didn’t join them. I have never done what these girls and boys call threesome despite being famous and I am sure there are other people who have never done that too.
“When people attribute recklessness to youthful exuberance, I get worried because I once passed through that stage too. I believe it is all about your upbringing. The fact that you are young doesn’t mean you should be wayward.”
Speaking about his unwillingness to change his music to appeal to a younger audience, Kimono stated, “I have been playing reggae music for years and I don’t plan to change my style or dilute it. Those who want to listen will surely do. The truth is that you can force a horse to the river, but you can’t force it to drink from it. We still have a lot of youths who know my value. I don’t believe that all the youths are senseless.
“I believe two million youths out of five million youths know the difference between good and bad. If I had changed my style, I would probably not be here talking to you. I am certain the media would have crucified me that I did it for the love of money. My brand of music has kept me alive and still makes me relevant.”
The College of Law, as a private institution affiliated with MSU, does not participate in the Michigan Indian Tuition Waiver (MITW) program. Instead, all candidates admitted into the Law College may be awarded financial assistance in the form of academic scholarships. The priority deadline for scholarship consideration is February 1. Additional information regarding scholarship can be found on the Admissions website at http://www.law.msu.edu/admissions/scholarships.html
White Desks For Sale Pottery Barn Desks On Sale Office Great Looking Home From White Desk When Does Furniture Go Pottery Barn Desks On Sale White Study Desks For Sale Cape Town
white desks for sale pottery barn desks on sale office great looking home from white desk when does furniture go pottery barn desks on sale white study desks for sale cape town.
white desk for sale modern desks uk writing,antique white desks wood computer with hutch childrens sale small desk for cape town drawers,white desks sale cheap for desk with drawers office amazing uk cape town,white desks for sale gumtree desk with drawers cape town l shaped buy online at our best home on ebay,white desks for sale ebay study cape town modern desk on,white desks on ebay for sale desk red computer small corner gumtree,white writing desks sale small mini desk hp desktop study for cape town ebay,white desks for sale australia uk study desk type b light walnut with leg table hutch,childrens white desks sale for uk desk cool modern alluring gloss office 2 on ebay,white desks for sale ikea cape town desk with drawers writing zoom antique.
Here is the track list for "Aashiq Surrender Hua Ch" we may collect and you can listen to and download. Buy a cassete and/or CD/DVDs if you like the song you choose from the list. If one of the songs on the list are the copyright belongs to you, please send a DMCA removal request by e-mail to: [email protected], we will process at least 72 hours after we received your mail.
A data analysis released today by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention underscores the disproportionate impact of HIV and syphilis among gay and bisexual men in the United States. The data, presented at CDC’s 2010 National STD Prevention Conference, finds that the rate of new HIV diagnoses among men who have sex with men (MSM) is more than 44 times that of other men and more than 40 times that of women.
The range was 522-989 cases of new HIV diagnoses per 100,000 MSM vs. 12 per 100,000 other men and 13 per 100,000 women. The rate of primary and secondary syphilis among MSM is more than 46 times that of other men and more than 71 times that of women, the analysis says. The range was 91-173 cases per 100,000 MSM vs. 2 per 100,000 other men and 1 per 100,000 women.
There are been a series of unjust arrests and harrassments of LGBTI people in #Indonesia over the course of the last few years at the hand of the government. We must address these human rights violations. https://t.co/IVwEv5u2g2
Nothing about us without us! We want an #AIDS2020forAll that includes sex workers, people who use drugs, and all key populations affected by HIV & AIDS! Sign the letter here: https://t.co/qNtepAmV6l
#AnalAboutMyHealth has been nominated for @pozmagazine's 2018 Best HIV Prevention Media Campaign Award. Vote here: https://t.co/dYFqSFA5Hl
Our goal at MPact is to bring global attention to local concerns. We are directly linked to more than 120 community-based organizations in 62 countries who are fighting for the sexual health and human rights of gay and bisexual men around the world.
MPact’s advocacy is based on our belief in the power of community and the power of connection. Together with our global network of experts and activists, we work to support community-led interventions that are sustainable and impactful.
Stigma, discrimination, and violence prevent men who have sex with men from accessing resources for their sexual health. Your support enables MPact to advocate for the health and rights of our communities.
Panos is a list of all of your panos and can be used to quickly navigate to a pano and open it's settings up in the 'Current Pano' box.
The bluesign® system is the solution for a sustainable textile production. It eliminates harmful substances right from the beginning of the manufacturing process by setting the highest standards for an environmentally friendly and safe production. This not only ensures that the final textile products meet very stringent consumer safety requirements worldwide, but also provides confidence to the consumer that they are acquiring a sustainable product.
Daughters, when they come, are never expected and seldom asked for, especially if she is a first child. Always a surprise, usually more for the father than the mother, who, if she suspects at all, keeps it to herself and devises consolation strategies. Like take me for example. In my innocent mind I had already seen myself on weekends in the park with my son, for, as a matter of fact, the birth of a son is the perfect excuse for going crazy and buying that leather catcher’s glove, (the good one which you could never afford to get when you were small). I had already been to the sports store and priced it, together with the leather world cup soccer ball (what the hell, nothing’s too good for my boy). So imagine my surprise that day on the Lower East Side when I entered the hospital room at Mt. Sinai and found there this tiny sleep-ridden face with eyes closed and wrapped in pink. Her mother looking up at me from the bed guiltily: “Well, it’s a girl. You’re not sorry are you? I know you wanted a boy.”
I tried to make the appropriate noises: “Oh no, that’s cool, just so she’s healthy.” But my heart wasn’t in it. My mind started drifting around the room. Bye bye baseball glove. Soccer? Well girls do play soccer but usually it’s with their mothers. “Well, you want to hold her?” Now what is the appropriate response to that one? What are you going to say? “No thanks” or “I’d rather not”?
So you fall into automatic mode and the hands go out and hold something so tiny and frighteningly fragile. Suddenly eyes open, fingers quiver, and you find something looking up at you; she is tired from all that swimming and crossing over. She was already two days late in arriving as most daughters are. They don’t rush like sons out of the womb. Daughters take their time as though they are having second thoughts as to whether they really want to come or not. And from the opening of her Pisces eyes so filled with tears and seawater, she had me. For she was an immigrant like me — she too had come to this city by water as I had. It makes a difference how you enter America. It determines forever how you will think of her.
And so for the next two weeks we circled each other, my daughter and I. She not altogether sure of me and I frightened of something in the night taking her after all the struggle to lug the crib and the bassinette up five flights of stairs for her. She decided that she would never spend one night in the crib. Not one. She slept with us every night in the bed. Half the night facing her mother half the night facing me.
During the day she didn’t mind the crib but definitely not at night. She breathed on me and with me. Her breath smelled of milk and she kept my terror away.
In afternoons I walk to the park with her. She fit just right atop my head or around my neck and learned early how to cling and not fall. And it was usually between two and three o’clock that we might feel adventurous and so walk all the way to Central Park from East 10th Street. And since three o’clock is the hour of the Haitian nannies, we might watch them as they walk their white charges; usually they would be asked to walk the dog at the same time, so we would watch them as they skillfully navigated their way along, pram in one hand and dog leash in the other, and I could feel my daughter’s head spinning from side to side as she tried to follow all the action.
Usually on the way up to the park I would pause and make a pit stop at my drug dealer’s apartment. He was from Belize, which the British called British Honduras but the Hondurans called Belize. And his name was Enrique and he loved Garifuna music as much as me. He also sold good drugs and knew quality. I called him El Maestro and I wanted to make him my daughter’s godfather since I spent so much time there and she seemed to like him. But he looked at me with those tragic Spanish eyes which he had and said real quietly:
“You know maybe it’s not such a good idea to make your dealer the godfather to your daughter. I’m no priest you know. And maybe you should think twice about even bringing her here too because . . . hey you never know.”
And so we never spoke about it again. And it was funny because a little after that somebody showed up at his house with a sawed-off shot gun — there’s not too much conversation you have with a sawed-off shot gun pointed in your face, it’s not an ideal occasion for much chit of chat — and so they took everything they wanted but left him with his life that time. And the word GRACE comes to mind. It was by grace that I wasn’t there with my daughter. And when I think of grace I think of St. Augustine. He used it a lot.
My favorite philosopher is St. Augustine. I always loved him even before I knew he was a Black man from North Africa. He was from Carthage (present day Libya although some say Tunisia), the place the Romans tried to wipe out of existence by spreading salt. He liked his cock-fighting and his women and he also liked God and so spent a goodly part of his life figuring out in which order he should love these (in De Ordine, Of Order). But what I liked most about him was that he was always asking the question: how do we know what is real and what is illusion? How can we be sure even of our own existence? He finally came to the realization that even our doubt is proof of our existence, for if we did not exist we could not doubt, which made sense to me at the time. He had a mother (Monica was her name), St. Augustine; I had one too and she was asking me questions much as Augustine’s, namely:
It was by grace in the first place that the child was born a girl. Everyone had expected an exact replica of myself, complete with dreadlock hair and dark shades and clenched fist salute. Instead they got this calm angel child with dimples and eyes you swam in. They couldn’t burn me in the pit as they had longed to do, quite yet anyway. I’m speaking of the grandparents who noticed the fact that I had not married their daughter but seemed quite happy to impregnate her while living with another woman.
Time helps with seeing and so now I can better understand how they must have felt to see their one daughter in whom they had invested so much hope and struggle, the daughter who had defined them as good parents because they had managed to send her to Yale, which was no little thing for a Black man who worked as a chauffeur in racist Columbus, Ohio where eight out of ten people they knew had children either in or on their way to not college but prison, and now just as they were about to retire and enjoy the sleep of the good . . . here comes Satan in the form of myself, some dreadlocked West Indian boy from some Caribbean island that they had never heard of (Montserrat) to ruin everything.
But daughters, as I say, are God’s irony. They were willing to cut their loss and retrieve her and take her back with them before I gave her yet more babies, for a daughter with one child born out of wedlock was still a saleable item especially with a degree from Yale. Two or more, however, now that would have been disaster.
“Girl, come home to your parents. There’s no future with him. The boy’s a dreamer and we’ve heard things about those West Indians, they make a lot a babies all over the place.”
But they soon fixed that — after a week Onika became Nikki and then Nicole, something they could live with. This done, they returned to Ohio to pray and await the inevitable.
The inevitable didn’t take long in arriving, for a year later just as she began walking and climbing steps and opening doors and drawers and touching anything and everything that you said not to, I found that I was about to be a daddy once again, only this time it was not with her mother but with another girl.
Saint Paul speaks of the thorn in the flesh; perhaps what he really meant was the thorn of the flesh.
So, finding myself in a dilemma as to how best to deal with the situation (for situation it was), I decided that if all else failed it was best to tell the truth, especially if you have no choice, having just got the news late and very late in the pregnancy.
What sealed it was the birth of my son. I had to try to get all parties together and have a calming and healing session like extended families do in Africa. The only problem was that this wasn’t Africa — it was, and is, New York. And here when young unwed mothers hear about other children being fathered by their man they aren’t pleased. And no, there would be no sitting under any Baobab tree together in unity. All I remember was a wild piercing scream followed by the question: “How could you, how could you do that to me and to your daughter?” The unpardonable sin of having a son with another girl, not even a full year later. Why didn’t I at least use a condom? Because I’m from the Caribbean and don’t want anything to get in the way of my feeling and because of the thing we have called Macho. And since I was Macho then my son must be Machito, or little Macho. And I don’t remember what exactly more she said although I remember the word “Bitch!” being frequently used in connection with my son’s mother and what she was going to do to that . . . and then the tirade turned to me and hands and nails reaching for my face and what hands couldn’t reach feet could. And suddenly there was no Yale, no anything but street, and she was doing what any of her friends would have done if they felt themselves played and disrespected. She was going to make me have to hit her. Begged me to, while she scratched and clawed and ripped my clothes and reached for anything that her hands could capture. Africa did come into it after all because she leapt like a Wolof princess right into my face and told me to kill her. Then I realized that she was serious — that was what she wanted me to have to do. And my hands were around her neck and I was seconds away from canceling two lives when somewhere in the horizontal blur of the floor I saw this figure moving and realized that those Piscean eyes staring at me were witnessing everything. She was watching me kill her mother before her eyes and she wasn’t even crying. Pisces don’t cry out loud, they use the silent scream.
Grace is Augustine’s favorite word. After that day it became mine too. And it wasn’t two lives that were saved that day — it was three. After that I never let myself be alone with her mother again because I never had known anyone who could get me that out of control. This was some serious danger if and when she felt betrayed. I realized now that this was someone’s daughter and the mother of a daughter, my daughter. So it was time now for me to seek some succor and advice from someone, and my mother was the closest thing I had to that, so I went to inform her about the birth of her grandson. She was less than enthusiastic and I had a difficult time getting her to turn away from the television, which she watched religiously, from Perry Mason to Colombo. It was her one treat since she could no longer go on long bus rides to Niagara Falls with her old friends from the Montserrat Progressive Society. Diabetes had been plaguing her for some time now. So she waited until the commercial to question me:
“And so, now what you plan on doing? You now have a daughter and a son. I can’t understand, why you so foolish and stubborn. I think I must have drop you on you head when you small. Didn’t I tell you a million times, Noelle is the one you should marry. Leave the rest of these girls alone. They can’t do a thing for you. Noelle, she is class. Don’t you see that these others just get themselves pregnant to try and take you from her?”
My mother was no Monica like St. Augustine’s, but she had her moments. And it did give me pause to think. Now I must admit that I have always had trouble seeing the obvious. Whether it was from a fall I had from a rooftop when I was a child in Montserrat or not, but it really never occurred to my ten-watt brain before my mother mentioned it to me that the other girls would really conspire (breathe together) and plot to get themselves pregnant by me in order to get me away from Noelle. But given who Noelle was, it did all begin to make sense. The whole chess game which was being played out while I was busy dealing with St. Augustine and his Confessions.
The Cape Verde Islands are located in the mid-Atlantic Ocean some 300 miles off the West coast of Africa. The Portuguese brought their slaves there to breed them, much the way the British brought theirs to Barbados for the same purpose. Breed them like cattle or sheep. The Portuguese were very good colonizers and kept it going well into the twentieth century. Now how the slaves and ex-slaves of Cape Verde ended up in Massachusetts is a mystery which only the sea can explain. Just know this: wherever there is sea there is slavery. Because wherever there is sea there is piracy and the daughter of piracy is slavery.
All of this history is unimportant — all you need know is that Cape Verde Islanders have some of the most beautiful women in the world. One of them was Noelle. Cape Verde by way of Boston and Roxbury slums and present-day slavery and plantations. And then God saw to it that she came to New York and to me. Noelle had a body which made men tremble and women pout. So unique was she that she made even my mother stand when she entered the room. It was as though Queen Elizabeth had entered Albert Hall. I couldn’t believe it. My entire family, blind uncles, paralyzed aunts, all of them, they only had one question for me when they saw me: “Where is Noelle?”
It was as if I, who had never done anything right in my entire life, was suddenly given the gift of Grace. And what was it they saw? She was the perfect trophy wife. She was the gift, the award of excellence in the Black community. The one you married when you became pastor of a major mega-church (think Coretta Scott King, or Lena Horne, or Dorothy Dandridge). My mother explained it all to me in a simple sentence: “You marry her and you children will have the blessing.” Meaning they would be light skinned with good hair and less African features. For everything since the days of slavery has been about getting closer and closer to the big plantation house. The closer to the house you get, the lighter the children and therefore the easier their lives. Of course the ultimate dream is to enter the Plantation House itself. Even if it calls itself the White House. And the same rule applies in the Caribbean: the closer you are to the center of power, i.e. the town, the better the houses the roads and the gentry. The more remote, the darker the people; the less educated, the darker (“country people,” “people from bush” — in Jamaica they call them: “The Dungle and Back-a-Yard People”)
So this then was the Noelle which had caused such a sea change in my life. For as my mother in her wisdom had said, it was because of Noelle that everyone else was getting pregnant so suddenly and I became like Krishna among the Gopi girls.
So the question now was what to do; I couldn’t marry both of them for whichever one I married would resent the other. Sometimes the best thing to do is just to stand still. So I stood still but you can get yourself into a world of trouble just doing that, especially if you stand beneath the wrong tree. In my case it was the Tree of Life. I had to decide what to do with the trophy wife I was living with. Should I marry her in truth and make everyone in my family (i.e. my mother, my aunts and cousins, the living and the dead, everybody — except my daughter and my son who, although not yet old enough to talk, already knew her to be the enemy) happy? Among the unhappy would have to be listed Noelle’s family themselves who wasted no time making clear to me that they were Cape Verdeans and therefore not the descendants of slaves (like say me for example). When asked how the hell they got to Massachusetts in the first place, they would quickly wheel out the old set piece about working as sailors on a ship. Working is different from laboring, you see. Slaves labored but free men worked. So needless to say they did not consider themselves Black. Or ever dealt with the fact that they were specifically bred by the Portuguese to be house slaves and whores. A profession to which they come to with great skill and fervor. As I say the Portuguese were excellent colonizers.
But what do you do with a trophy wife except display her and then torture her in private. Or else she tortures you by making you feel that you don’t really deserve her.
And it is only later that you come to find that God doesn’t make mistakes, she is exactly what you deserve, like daughters are exactly what we deserve. It was easy for my mother to be philosophical and detached. She could already see the wedding album on her coffee table.
She had an active fantasy life. She would collect dolls and place them on her sofa. When I told her that now she would not need the dolls because I was giving her grandchildren to put on her couch, she took a loving glance at her couch and said she preferred to keep the dolls. Of course if it was Noelle’s dynasty that would be different. The dolls would be replaced by long-haired Cape Verdeans and these could sit any damn where they wanted. Not that my mother didn’t love her grandchildren, both girl and boy, but she was a product of Caribbean hypnosis.
She was raised to be someone’s daughter eternally. She came from a society which was not as rigidly insanely highly stratified, Jack-and-Jill Clubbed, Alpha and Delta sorority-obsessed as say Washingtonian Blacks, who were born in the shadow of the White House (like Duke Ellington for example), but Montserrat had the madness of England to try and mimic with their Knighthoods and their OBEs (Orders of the British Empire) and dreams of scholarships to Oxford or Cambridge.
She never raised me. I was raised by aunts and friends of aunts and was moved early to a South Bronx reality much different from the Montserrat of my birth. So my mother didn’t see the things I saw. And so she barely knew me. What she could make out was that I was a lot like my father. But because I never lived anywhere for more than a year until I was eighteen, I tend to see most things as illusion like fractured glass.
And when I think fractured glass, I think of the streets of the South Bronx by night and the way the neon lights and the streetlights hit the shards of glass from broken liquor bottles along Boston Road and one of the old people I was sent to boarder with when I was ten years old who would tie his wife to a chair whenever he went out. He would tie her to a chair in her room and lock the door and then ask me to mind her. And no matter how much she screamed I was not to unlock her door. Then he would go out and leave me to get my first training as a West Indian guard, an occupation that Caribbean and Africans come to with a vengeance. But I wasn’t made for being a guard and the screams would get to me so much that I would unlock her door and remove the rope from her wrist and try and guess how much time we had before the Cyclops would return. He was actually a chef and worked at Horn and Hardart’s (or as the West Indians who worked there called it Horn and Hardass because of how they worked you).
But one night I fell asleep and forgot to tie her back up first, so I was awakened by a slap and he screaming at me: “Didn’t I tell you that you must watch her. Come, she get way and is your fault so you help find her.”
She had wandered out with nothing but her yellow night gown on and so we had to spend the rest of the night walking the streets along Boston Road until about 4 o’clock I saw this luminous figure walking in the middle of the street. The sound of car horns as they tried to avoid hitting her. Her yellow night gown blowing in the wind and her still soft good hair and her hands which could still play the piano by themselves if they found their way to the white ivory keys because she once played for the choir before everything left her head but her dreams. And the yellow of her nightgown echoed the broken glass of the streets like diamonds.
But my mother never knew about this. There were too many stories to tell her and so all she knew was that she had a very strange son who wrote things down on paper and made babies and never seemed to stay anywhere very long. But she was never raised to be a mother, only someone’s daughter, like many Caribbean women.
Fortunately one of the things which my mother’s son wrote down on paper found its way to England and got me an invitation to follow it and so I did, and this too is what Augustine meant by Grace and Gift.
I went to England for a week and ten years later I found myself still there. That had something to do with the fact that every time I phoned America they kept telling me about another friend who had died either of gunshot wounds or in detention for political offences and even a greater number from something they called AIDS which no one could explain to me what exactly it was except that its presence resulted in death for you. And first they said just drug addicts got it from dirty needles, and then it was just gays who had it and I was all right so far, but then they said it had to do with having unprotected sex. Then I started to have less and less desire to return any time soon. This coupled with the fact that I was completely addicted to the BBC and to news. Real news not entertainments. About America and the CIA involvement everywhere in the world and how the World Bank and the IMF were working diligently to make certain that the so-called third world would forever be in debt. And that the most brutal dictators remain in power until their last geriatric days. Yes, England is a good place to get information about anything except itself (for example that it is the second largest arms dealer in the world). To learn about England you have to return to America which as I said I was in no rush to do.
What England will give you in abundance is history, especially British history as they like to see it.
And fair enough no one is ever eager to get too much truth about himself, it’s never quite the right time, and for a writer who is only interested in that, it’s like trying to sell a book to a blind man and the book isn’t Braille. But England is a good place to either read a book or write one because its main attribute is boredom. The only problem is that you have to bring your inspiration with you because that they don’t have. Bring your own inspiration and your own weather and you’ll do all right. I missed my daughter, but did I miss her enough to want to die for her, no. We lie and say that we do but we don’t.
Not enough to sacrifice the rest of our lives for. I told myself that when she was old enough I would send for her. But her grandparents would never let her just go unescorted to live with some crazy West Indian father in darkest London. England is a good place to heal. It’s a post-war country by which I mean it’s a good country to come to after a war and recover. Its two primary colors are green and grey. Green in its spring from constant rain and grey from its continuing dampness. Eventually it becomes calming to the eye. All in all there is the atmosphere of an asylum. An asylum in which the patients, having become totally familiar with its wards and corridors, are content to walk and read. Actually reading while walking is a common activity. This way no one has to actually look at each other and this ability to navigate around each other without seeing is itself a very British thing. This and obsession with detail. They say the smaller the island the madder the mind. England is a very small island. That is why they needed to rule the world.
So here I was nicely settled into my English asylum thanking God for His grace in letting me get away from America for an entire decade and thus save my life, for there’s no doubt in my mind that, had I been in America in the 80s living the way I was living with my condom-less self, I would surely have contracted something interesting. Interesting enough to move me off this planet. As it was my activities in England were very quiet. Quiet for me anyway. And unlike the Plague, AIDS actually did avoid England. As I say by Grace.
Just then I got a certain letter which focused my mind: “You better come and see about your son. He’s at that age.” And what age is that? That age where he is a large enough target for both police and street gangs to see and shoot. And my mother summed everything up for me when she said:
“It’s been ten years. Whatever book you were reading you should’ve read it by now. Come home see to your children.”
She didn’t mention that she too needed some seeing. And so I left England and came home to America, the land of the disposable diaper.
When Augustine was asked who it was that he was writing for, he said, “For God and the remnant.” But then he had a rich mother; I didn’t. I had a poor one who once had had privilege but who now looked from her South Bronx window and more and more considered jumping and, if it weren’t for the fact of the scandal she knew it would cause back home in Montserrat, would have. And so I came home to Carthage, a city gone strange with homelessness and the new poor. Whole families camping out in the shadow of City Hall. People calmly foraging in garbage cans and not an eyebrow raised in amazement. This was not the city I left ten years before. People were totally selfish without apology. I remember at Penn Station at 34th Street, seeing a mother asleep on the subway floor with her child in her arms and a blanket and people walked around and over her and continued conversations without missing a beat. In other words they saw nothing. Felt nothing. You couldn’t tell the people from the garbage. And in front of an office marked Human Resources, the junkies bent like trees and waited.
Meanwhile I went in search of my son and his mother who were living on Riverside Drive among the new Dominicans. He was growing fast and had already cut his dreadlocks because he was tired of people mistaking him for a girl. And it was a time for street gangs and video games. The two developed together because to the street gangs violence and war were just video games. The taking and giving of a life nothing more than the turning of a knob or the flex of hand on the throttle of a play station. No more real than that. I saw with my own eyes a Dominican youth calmly step out of a car (a car that had been slowly driving on the sidewalk). He goes up behind a man he was following and shoots him three times at pointblank range in the back of the head. Everybody looks away and tries to go for cover. The youth just as calm goes down into the subway. Next stop, Dominican Republic, to the house and land which that hit earned him. I realized it was time now to get my son.
It’s not easy meeting your son after years away. Because you don’t know who he is or who he might be.
The best thing to do is find some neutral ground. Some street you can walk to together and talk and not talk. First thing you notice is that he looks like his mother. Which is good when sons favor their mothers. But daughters, they favor their fathers. Again, that’s God’s irony. So you walk with this boy and the second thing you notice after the fact that he looks like his mother is that he has big feet, like you. And the weary way he bends his back in concentration, that’s you, too. And you start to think,
And so you walk along talking and not talking. You ask about sports, and no he’s not big into sports. Little basketball, that’s it. He wonders if I’ll hold that against him and you swear that you won’t. This is a different generation. They spend as little time as possible outside. Why because they’re lazy? No, Pop, because outside its where you can get shot easily.
And you tell him about growing up in the South Bronx and he says he knows about it and that’s where both his grandmothers live. And it shocks you to know that your mother is this boy’s grandmother. And that he’s been visiting her regularly, taking your place. Women are wise. His mother made sure that, while you were away in someplace called England, contact was being made here at home. My mother never saw me much as a child. She was only allowed to glance at me from behind a fence in Central Park.
Those were the rules they made for her as a daughter with an illegitimate child. She could watch me play from behind a fence. My son, she could at least touch.
So I’m learning him, this young man who is my shadow extended before me. And I want to look good for him. You want to look good for your son. He meets a friend and doesn’t introduce me as his father. The word feels strange in his mouth so he doesn’t use it. And so we walk some more and then we enter the building at 800 Riverside and we walk up the steps to the apartment and you trip on the step and fall. You trip because half of your mind is back there in Central Park and that woman, your mother watching behind that fence. And the other half is thinking about the day he got born and that house. So you trip on a stair, you watching him come to help and that look of worry and love, and yes you’re fine, fine but what’s in your eyes now is tears and you and you can’t think why.
It was that 7th step which you tripped on. Now some twenty years later they still haven’t fixed it. It’s like the step in some ancient cathedral which peasants come to on their knees. And maybe that step has been eaten away by the kisses of peasants. Or maybe they’re just too cheap to fix that seventh step at 800 Riverside.
It was an interesting season to return to America. Unapologetic America where the gospel of prosperity was being preached loudly from pulpits of both Black and white pastors. It had to be shouted from pulpits and the White House in order to drown out the noise of starvation. All those homeless sleeping in subways and lining up for soup kitchens. The pastors had to convince those who had homes and money that they were God’s elect. “God wants you rich, that’s why you are. And don’t forget that this America is God’s country, that is why He has so richly blessed us.” This being said they pulled away in their limousines to their suburban homes. It was amazing to me, when I returned to America, to find two things: firstly that not a single Black minister with churches in Harlem actually lived in Harlem. They all lived in the suburbs (as soon as possible) and merely came to work in Harlem. Secondly, that all the construction work in Harlem was being done by either Eastern Europeans (mostly Polish or Serbian), beneath them doing the actual grunt work were Chicano. No Blacks could get in the unions. Not even in Harlem, never mind the rest of the city. Those working on the Highways were invariably either Italian or Irish. Those who worked as firemen even in Harlem were almost to a man Irish. The only work available was the police department or security, and sanitation was beginning to open up as more and more whites abandoned these professions together with transit. Question: did I want to go under the earth for the next twenty years? The answer was no. So I stayed home and helped raise my son. What I didn’t realize was that most of his friends hadn’t seen much of their fathers either. And they weren’t away in darkest England. They were in places like Rikers Island and Sing Sing and Green Haven and other exciting prison facilities. There was also a whole generation who only went outside to go back and forth to school. Other than that they hardly ever dared to venture out. The police meanwhile were busy with sweeps, in which they would descend on a given area where they suspected drug trafficking and just arrest vanloads of people. It all seemed to be going well. The police had a means now of fulfilling their quota of requisite arrests. It worked in Harlem among the Blacks. It worked in the South Bronx among the Blacks and the Puerto Ricans. But when they got to Washington Heights, the Dominicans didn’t want to dance. They decided that not just police have guns. And when the police started using helicopters on rooftops, I didn’t need CNN to tell me I was living in a battle zone. It started to look like Lebanon or Bosnia. So went my first year back in America, the land of the disposable diaper.
Soon the apartment at 800 Riverside started looking like a cadet barracks. We were doing workout sessions and home work and it was just a safe hang spot and soon word spread (since nobody wanted to venture to the park and get shot) and I was teaching reading and literacy (once you teach one the others get jealous so you have to teach everybody). And soon I got a new definition of a father. A father is anyone who sticks around. God is a father because he does that. Sons are good things to have. Good things to come to. But daughters are more complex because they look more like you but they don’t speak. They don’t say what they fear. And so the only way you know them is by whom they stray to.
While I was away “reading my book” as my mother said, my daughter was being raised by her grandparents and her uncle. Her grandparents thanked God, not me, for making her possible, for she turned out to be the one bright light in their last years. Me, they never had too much use for. One day when Nicole was in elementary school they read one of my books over the school intercom, and when she told them that it was her daddy’s book they were reading, none of them believed her. Said she was a liar. Her mother had to come to school and prove it . Nobody knew what a writer was. They knew what a cop was. They knew what a prisoner was. They knew what a soldier was. But not a writer. When they asked St. Augustine whom he wrote for, he said God and the remnant. When they ask me, I say I write for a living and for my children, who will never read it unless they stumble across it on their way somewhere else. As I say daughters are strange things. They come as a surprise and part of God’s irony and then they hold time against you. If you have a son they hold him against you, too. If they ever forgive you at all, it’s if the two meet and see themselves in each other’s eyes. Away from mothers, away from fathers. Away from you.
I wrote once that if a man was to come upon his daughter along the side of a dark road he would no more know her than he would the night around her. Not necessarily so, he might know her by the shadow she makes on the ground before her. There are things that you can say to a son that you can never say to a daughter. You can ask him: when he makes love to his girlfriend does she laugh or cry when she comes? He will look at you with the disgust with which all youth looks at age. Any age greater than their own. He will never answer you because that remains in the realm of intimacy which cannot be shared. But the very question does get him thinking:
“Because some women laugh and some cry. Some women do neither one. There’s no correct way, it’s just that if you can get a woman to laugh with you then you can usually get her to love you. You are more than half way there. And some are so grateful for laughter that they find their release right there. Their orgasm.”
But the truth is that he probably can’t tell if her eyes are open or not because he isn’t looking at her. It takes years to look at a woman and really see her. For the most part all we see is ourselves. And with our eyes closed we see the woman we really want, not the one that we’re with.
I married once. It wasn’t the one my mother wanted but it was one whose I eyes I liked to look into when she came. She was someone who had come from the same Caribbean island as myself and so I thought I wouldn’t have to explain myself as much (as if I could in any case). We had the same humor and if you could make a woman laugh you could make love to her. I had told my son this and believed it to be true. She had the strong arrogant body of a Senegalese and the dark skin to match. And what was good was that loving her was like loving myself. She had audacity to announce to me that she would take me away from all the women that I’d ever known. And when I asked her why she thought so, was her loving so strong, she answered simply: “Because I have more imagination than they do.” And she was right — she did. To meet a woman who tells you in advance exactly what her desire is and what she will do to you without guile or coyness is very amazing. It can be frightening if you feel in anyway timid. It is sort of like stepping in the ring with a young Muhammad Ali who loved to tell you exactly where he would hit you next and what round he intended to knock you out and you were utterly helpless to prevent it.
It was a refreshingly new stratagem and it got me. You see, it is the arrogance of men which is woman’s greatest weapon. We always feel we are in control. She was a PhD. In just how much women keep hidden from men simply because they know just how threatened men are by the potential loss of power. For example how many private secretaries actually run businesses for their bosses but never take the credit (and of course are never paid equal to their worth)? So then the question becomes, is the whole gender issue in society really about economics when all is said and done? And of course this just leads to the next big gorilla in the room that is never mentioned: race.
White women are masters of stroking and lying to their men because they more than any other know just how fragile and explosive that whole issue is. The role of the white woman to her mate is therefore that of cheerleader and silent accomplice. Women have traditionally been one step away from slavery. In early America, for example, women were regarded as chattel (a moveable possession, and a woman was certainly moveable). Upon marriage the wealth of the woman was assumed by the man. So you have George Washington becoming instantly wealthy upon marriage to Martha, taking over everything including her slaves. He then uses the excuse that he would free the slaves were they his but, alas, they are really his wife’s property (which of course he owns and exploits to the maximum). Then we have Jefferson who does a similar thing with his dead wife’s slave and does one better because he impregnates her and makes several generations of half-caste slaves with Sally Hemings, whom he never acknowledges as his concubine. And what is most interesting of all is that his daughter — his white daughter witnesses everything and yet says nothing. And what is that peculiar relationship of daughter-father as she watches him nightly slip through the secret passageway (not for nothing was Jefferson an architect) which connected his room with that of his Negress. Daughters always know. They know first as daughters and then as wives. They know to see and not see. They know the cost of things.
Now with my own daughter there came a point where the wife I married would call her up and complain about me. “You know your father cursed at me in the street.” At which point I would be called to the phone. “Here, your daughter wants to speak with you.” This was the ultimate humiliation to be called to account by your own daughter. She who once was sitting astride your neck with wet diapers is now changing your diapers and having to chastise you. “Dad, try and act like an adult, and please stop having your wives call me up to complain.”
And when I would try to answer feebly that I only have one wife, she would counter with the knockout blow. “Great, but she’s not my mother. I should be the one coming to you, remember?”
Yes, we don’t want to stumble and fall before our daughters, whereas we can be vulnerable before our sons who we feel should somehow be better able to understand because sons have the same third leg as their fathers and are therefore expected to understand that a father can trip over it. Daughters can never understand because they have no such appendage. A man’s greatest fear is to become infirm or senile and have to be changed by his daughter. I know that I pray nightly that this never befalls me. America is the land of the disposable diaper and the disposable parent as well. There are more nursing homes in America than anywhere on earth. Parents live longer now than in any time in history. Certainly in previous centuries there was always either a predator or an illness or an affliction which solved the problem of old age. Certainly among slaves there was no such problem; especially in the Caribbean where I came from, the average working life was seven years. Seven years of maximum labor as a cane cutter was usually enough to solve any problem about growing old. But the present day plantation is more modified and so one can and very often does grow old and so can labor for longer periods of time even with diabetes and prostrate cancer and the myriad of other goodies which are common afflictions of Black males, either in or out of prison.
One day I decided to deal with one of my fears — you know one of those things we keep meaning to do and keep putting off (although perhaps I am the only person in the world who procrastinates in doing the things that I fear). I got my son and my daughter to meet. I introduced them and sat back with a teddy bear which I had purchased. When my daughter tried to take it from me because she thought it was a gift for her, I explained to her that, no, this was in fact for me and it was the only protection I had and therefore I couldn’t part with it because he (Augustine) was at least on my side. My daughter looked at my son (Machito or little Macho, since I was big Macho) for confirmation of what she had long ago suspected, that her father was totally insane.
They got on very well and found they had a lot in common besides a father. It was good to see them. Good to see myself in them. The best and the worst of myself. Daughters really are God’s irony because we bring them into the world just to give them away. We give them away so that they bring back something to us, grandchildren. To humanize us. Supposedly by the time of grandchildren we have learned to be parents. No other animal has offspring which return after leaving the nest. Only man returns on holidays with offspring. The Caribbean is littered with broken and extended families. Alliances more complex than any UN gathering. You will find every shade and every accent all within one family which might extend to twelve or more islands. It is always the daughter who makes the connections and threads the tapestry which was her father’s life. Not the son because he is too busy trying to comprehend his own spider’s web to make any sense of the larger mosaic.
In plantation life it’s usually the sons who are driven off first, like young lions. They either escape or are sold first. The daughters tend to stay with the mothers for a longer time in any case. And when it comes to present-day immigration it is the sons who leave first to find their fortune in the new world. The daughters after.
Now daughters and their fathers are strange things. There are two things that you can never ever hope to do. The first is to try and rival a dead father. That can never be done. You can never better a memory, for memory adds perfection to every portrait. That lesson cost me a wife, for I could never equal a man who had become a legend in his daughter’s mind. The second impossibility with daughters and their fathers is to try to achieve forgiveness for a man whom you’ve never met and yet held responsible for. For with daughters all wounds are fresh and the blood still flows although unseen. And the bed you sleep in with her is always a very crowded bed. Filled with all these unseen ghosts (fathers, uncles, and even grandfathers). Do you understand now why there’s little room left under the blanket for you?
I remember how jealous my daughter’s uncle was of me, so he over-protected her from me, making certain that she couldn’t come and visit her strange West Indian father, because he didn’t trust people who came from any island where they had to flee from because of nature (be it volcano or hunger or devastation). And all that he could picture in his mind was a wild man wheeling a machete and lighting voodoo candles. Well, I was fresh out of candles but he managed to keep my daughter away from me for a good bit of her childhood. Of course the rest was my doing. Yes, daughters and their fathers are funny things and the surrogates who take the place of fathers and become lovers.
And yet in our lives sometime stunted with fog and fear, daughters have always been our greatest grace and our greatest chance for salvation. St. Augustine asked the question: how do we know that we really exist? The answer is that we exist through our children. It is finally only because they exist that we know that we truly do.
Edgar Nkosi White is a writer and playwright. He lives between New York, London, and his birthplace Montserrat. His play The Birds of Baghdad will be performed at the Henry Street Playhouse in April.
Don’t be BAMBOOZLED by the BudgetA University of Washington for the Elite and the Superwealthy? Not On Our Backs!
Never have corporate profits outgrown employee compensation so clearly and for so long posted 5 days ago
Corbyn calls for global movement against inequality, offers support to Latin America’s left posted 2 days ago
Twenty-first century capitalism—the means exist to break the chains that hold us posted on October 29, 2018
“Understanding the political economy of what we eat”: Communist Review on A Foodie’s Guide to Capitalism October 31, 2018
Fossil fuel production and use exploded in the 20th century. Can we stop the flow in the 21st? November 7, 2018
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. This website uses cookies that provide targeted advertising and which track your use of this website. By clicking ‘continue’ or by continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. You can change your cookie settings at any time.ContinueFind out more
BGCI provides a global voice for all botanic gardens, championing and celebrating their inspiring work. We are the world's largest plant conservation network, open to all. Join us in helping to save the world's threatened plants.
The Curvilinear Range is the most significant wrought and cast iron building in Ireland and is one of the most important nineteenth century glasshouses surviving in Europe today.
In 1990, the Range was in a state of advanced decay and structural instability which required it to be closed to the public. The combination or basement vaults, insufficient foundations and inherent structural problems arising from the enlargement of the range in 1869 led to the deformation of the structure and glazing bars. The interior tropical climate caused a rate of metal corrosion four times that which would normally be experienced in external Irish conditions. Prior to restoration some 300 glass panes a year were breaking due to the corrosion and instability of the original structure.
The Curvilinear Range of today developed in a piece-meal fashion over a period from 1843 to 1869. The involvement of Richard Turner gave the design a coherence which such ad hoc approaches seldom achieve. Turner designed the first 1843 section of the glasshouse but lost the tender to build it. A contractor named Clancy was the lowest tenderer but he underestimated the cost and went out of business after taking twice the tender period to complete the work. The Clancy name is today visible over the south door of the East Wing. Thereafter the Royal Dublin Society, who then managed the Botanic Gardens employed Turner to complete the work with their architect Darley for the remaining stages.
Turner's glasshouses reflect the industrial age in its most advanced form with standardised components and prefabricated elements manufactured off-site for later site assembly. This use of wrought and cast iron was at the leading edge of building technology in the mid-nineteenth century. The repeal of punitive taxes on glass in the 1840s, coupled with French innovation in glass production gave Turner the option of using curved glass in long lengths.
Up until that time, the shape of glasshouses was rudimentary and rectilinear as timber was the predominant construction material. With the intrinsic architectural and engineering properties of wrought and cast iron, Turner gave us a sophisticated and curvilinear range of glasshouses which were avant garde in their design and innovative in their technology.
Richard Turner was born in 1798 and was 83 years old when he died on 31st October 1881. He descended from a long line of Dublin ironmongers to become the greatest ironmaster of his day. In 1834, Turner built his new Hammersmith Ironworks in the Dublin suburb of Ballsbridge. Turner is principally associated with his spectacular glasshouses in the Belfast Botanic Garden, Northern Ireland (1839), Glasnevin (1843-1869) and at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, U.K. (1848) but he also designed and manufactured some mundane things like boundary railings for Trinity College, Dublin, boilers, cisterns and even bedsteads.
Cast iron was the dominant building iron from 1730 to 1870 but from 1830 the importance of wrought iron increased steadily with the building of the railways. Cast iron susceptibility to fracture under tension gave rise to the use of wrought iron for long lengths of railway track. The superior compressive tensile ratio of wrought iron also lent itself to small structural sections and the extra design and technological potential it offered.
Unlike stone or brick with their own history of research and restoration techniques no such precedent existed for wrought and cast iron restoration. Wrought iron was replaced by mild steel in building at the beginning of the 20th century and is no longer available. This led the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew to replace their original cast and wrought iron Palm House (designed by Decimus Burton, with modifications by Richard Turner) with a replica stainless steel building in the 1980s.
The problem of producing 20 different complex shaped glazing bars of good quality wrought iron to fine tolerances in small batch sizes at an economic rate for repair purposes was solved by means of a new forging process, named drop forging. Recycled wrought iron was heated, then placed on a profiled anvil and beaten into shape by a pneumatic hammer. Approximately 4,500 hammer blows per linear metre were required to match Turner's profiles. This was a key breakthrough.
The use of blacksmiths and new mechanized forging combined to make scrap wrought iron available for reuse. New wrought iron welding technology combined with exceptionally skilled welders enabled the grafting of new inserts where corrosion damage had occurred. Over 10.6 km of wrought iron is used in the glazing bars. Ductile cast iron was used for broken cast iron columns and gutters with the damaged item used as a mould framemwork.
A special system of metal work quality control testing including microstructure, spectrographic chemical analysis, tensile and bend testing was instigated to identify old metal fatigue fractures, and ensure that new restoration work was of a consistent quality.
Due to the doubling in width of the east and west wing in 1868 the structure had become inherently unstable. This problem was solved by inserting a new structural brace in ductile cast iron which integrates the structural support with Turner's original pilasters and the new planting troughs and heating ducts.
Great care was taken to match the imperfections of mid-nineteenth century glass. The glass was specially curved to suit the nine different radii of the roof. All edges were rounded to reduce stress cracking. The end of each pane was lapped and scalloped to assist rain run-off. A special system of structural glazing was used to meet modern safety requirements. There are 8,427 panes of glass; 18.129 m of honed glass edge; 5,973 glass scallop ends and 15.5 km of structural glazing mastic.
A sample cross section of all the original layers of paint showed that it was equivalent in thickness to 22 sheets of photocopying paper. By using advanced modern paint technology, rather than reproduction lead based paints, it was possible to be more environmentally friendly, while at the same time applying a paint system of very low permeability which is vital to the long term protection of metal work in high humidity glasshouses. Six coats of specialist paint were applied in the carefully controlled environment of the off-site paint workshop with only touching up and the application of a final decorative coat on-site.
The performance of the services to the glasshouse were improved and automated without infringing our conservation and restoration criteria. The new elevated fogging and ventilation system was carefully designed to avoid a clash with the original structure. Different plant environments are catered for by the use of computer controlled temperature and humidity sensors.
The provision of a new structure to the rear of the north wall, including a new underground plant room and a new single storey building to house new staff facilities
The relocation of potting sheds, fuel tanks and horticultural bedding material away from the rear of the glasshouses thereby allowing public access around the building and opening up panoramic views from this area over the pond and river Tolka for the first time
The restored Curvilinear Range can once again play its full part in the Irish National Botanic Garden's role as a vital national institution involved with the scientific research, conservation, education and display of plants.
Looking your best might not always be the best thing for you. Today's society is extremely fashion and style conscious. Unfortunately, clothing designers and stylists aim to please by creating unique looks that might not always be practical or even comfortable. The look of the season
Traveling can be rough on the body. Whether you are traveling alone on businessor on your way to a sunny resort with your family, long hours in a caror an airplane can leave you stressed, tired, stiff and sore."Prolonged sitting can wreak havoc on your body," says Dr. Scott Bautch, immediate past president
When snow, ice and frigid weather blast into town, watch out, says the American Chiropractic Association (ACA). Winter recreational activities and chores can pose problems for the outdoor enthusiast whose body is not in condition. Winter sports like skating, skiing and sledding can
The day after Thanksgiving is a milestone of sorts in America. It reminds us of just how quickly the year has gone by— and how close we are to the holiday season. This realization— coupled with the fabulous sales at major department stores and malls everywhere— helps make
Household chores can be a pain in the sacroiliac. Unless you're careful, routine activities around the home— washing dishes, vacuuming, even talking on the phone— can strain your back, including the sacroiliac area near the tailbone, and result in debilitating discomfort.
Printing is included for monthly memberships. Your first 100 B&W copies are free, and after that it is $.05/page. Color prints are $.25/page
This location is visible to members only. Please sign-in to view availability and book a reservation.
Entrepreneurial, creative, techy vibe shared environments, with mostly open floor space and some private offices. Community and networking a big draw.
A shared, coworking office in the heart of Boston. Workbar is a collaborative, professional workspace with a raw, brick-n-beam vibe and the high energy of a startup. The space is professionally managed with ample workspace, meeting rooms, phone rooms and full office amenities, creating a productive work environment for an individual or team.
Fully furnished 2-person interior office in coworking space located across the street from South Station on Atlantic Avenue. Office includes 24/7 access, WiFi, additional meeting/phone rooms, complimentary mail service, print/fax/copy. … View Details
Located in a historic brick building directly across from South Station, Workbar Boston is an ample workspace with meeting rooms, phone rooms, full office amenities and all kinds of comfortable vibes, creating a productive … View Details
Our full-time membership offers members 24/7 access to their home location along with unlimited meeting room hours. Members also have access to our other hub locations 5 days per month of business hour access (M-F 8:30am-5:30pm). … View Details
Our part-time option also called our Fiver membership offers members 5 days per month of business hour access (8:30am-5:30pm M-F) at any of our four hub locations. Additionally, each member receives 5 hours of meeting room … View Details
Our 1-person private office is a great workspace option for both solo entrepreneurs or remote workers. Membership includes 24/7 access to Workbar Boston along with unlimited meeting room hours and complimentary mail service. … View Details
Enjoy a day at Workbar - M-F 8:30am - 5:30pm.&nbsp; Take advantage of any of our coworking spaces or our Lounge area.&nbsp; View Details
Large conference room with two full whiteboard walls and re-arrangeable furniture. Good for up to 10 people. View Details
Select a date and time for your tour. Your venue host will confirm or propose a different time. We’ll send you a tour schedule with directions and times.
Checkout the space, ask questions and get a feel for the ambiance and surroundings. Here is a questions checklist to ask on your visit.
Once you've found your perfect space book it on LiquidSpace to ensure that you are protected under DASH®, have payment transparency and access to full LiquidSpace network benefits.
With your concierge review the different kits Launch, Sprint, Thrive or Tailored to choose the best fit-out for your team’s needs today and future growth requirements.
Once you've found your perfect space book it on LiquidSpace! Get protected under DASH®, have payment transparency and access to full LiquidSpace network benefits.
The LiquidSpace team and Venue will prep the space. Set up internet, technology and secure access. Take care of the furniture and accessories delivery to your spec.
10.000" x 7.375" 12.000" x 8.750" 14.000" x 10.250" 16.000" x 11.750" 20.000" x 14.625" 24.000" x 17.625" 30.000" x 22.000"
Artwork comes to life with the stylish lines and added depth of an acrylic print. Acrylic prints are produced using archival inks which are guaranteed to last 75 years without fading or loss of color. The image is printed directly onto the back of a 1/4" thick sheet of clear acrylic. The high gloss of the acrylic sheet complements the rich colors of any image to produce stunning results. Each shop item is made to order. Expected arrival within 2 weeks. All art sales are final. © Lisa Katharina Designs 2017
Native New Yorker, Elementary School Teacher and Licensed Artist, Lisa Katharina creates decorative and colorful artwork with the intention of propagating happiness and inspiration. Lisa Katharina has exhibited in juried shows at the historic Philadelphia Sketch Club and staff shows at The Philadelphia Museum of Art. Percentages of sales from select artwork on this site are donated to Living Beyond Breast Cancer and Neurology Research and Education at Jefferson Hospital.
All Rights Reserved for all original works and designs including digital diles. Lisa Katharina, retains all reproduction rights of originals and images, unless agreed otherwise in writing.
Das Barbizon in New York: Die junge Journalistin Rose ist erst vor Kurzem in das elegante Apartmenthaus eingezogen. Im Lift trifft sie auf eine ältere Dame, deren ungewöhnliche Erscheinung Rose fasziniert. Vom Portier erfährt sie, dass Darby schon in den 1950ern hier lebte, als das Barbizon ein Wohnheim für junge Frauen war. Noch kann Rose nicht ahnen, wie eng ihr Schicksal mit Darbys verknüpft ist. Darby, die nicht nur ihr Gesicht hinter einem Schleier, sondern in ihrem Herzen ein dunkles Geheimnis verbirgt …
Given that it is Global Running Day, we thought it a great time to look at some of the most amazing races on the planet. Many of which, coincidentally can be found in Latino America. For all those marathoners, ...
NEWSLETTERS: Select from the following; November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018
For those of you who were not able to attend the LLVM Developer Meeting (and as a recap for those who were), we had a productive BoF about enabling C++14 or C++17 in LLVM. The outcome of this can be generally summarized as:
* "As soon as possible" is not immediately, but we are currently targeting March of 2019 due to some downstream contributors' needing to resolve some blockages before it can be possible.
* There did not seem to be a strong sentiment that we should only move to C++14, so for the sake of this discussion we're assuming 17 unless someone presents a strong argument why 17 is *less* desirable than 14.
We plan to add a CMake warning if your compiler version is below these versions soon. Around January, we will promote this to a CMake error which you must manually override by passing -DCMAKE_ALLLOW_DEPRECATED_COMPILER.
If I'm forgetting anything or misrepresenting anything that was said at the BoF please feel free to correct me.
I’m glad we decided to go with the cmake-warning mechanism. Was there ever any discussion about a rolling warning system as I proposed here? https://reviews.llvm.org/D47073
It had received positive feedback on the mailing list, though Chandler had/has some reservations. IMO, it is a way of going about this that prevents this discussion from being so contentious in the future.
We talked about going with exactly your patch, modulo bikeshed on timeline and exact compiler versions. Chandler’s concerns (IIUC) are handled by Zachary.
As we discussed, going to 17 seems ambitious but I’m happy if we do it! We’ll need to ban a few library features from C++17 because they’re not fully supported in those versions.
So, there was agreement that the default gcc for recent-but-not-latest distros was not important? That is, it's okay to require people to upgrade their tools in order to work with LLVM?
In my team's case, a lot of us are on Ubuntu 16.04 which comes with gcc 5.4, which is not gcc 7. And currently for Windows we're on MSVC 2015.
I suppose by March we can persuade our IT to upgrade all the people and bots to Ubuntu 18.04 (gcc 7.3?) and deploy MSVC 2017. But it's something we need to plan for.
(I suppose I should thank the Google folks for being such slugs J about being ready to switch, because it will give us time to get things organized for ourselves.)
The discussion from folks using Linux as well as from Linux vendors was that distros which come with older versions of GCC also provide easy ways to install newer versions of GCC, without upgrading the distro.
Thanks, I'm glad we don't necessarily have to upgrade OS to get upgraded compilers. I've never been too clear on these Unix sys-admin sorts of things.
I'm happy this is going forward, I'm happy there is a plan, and I am *especially* happy that we have a reasonable amount of time to get ready for it. If there's some place that someone is going to write down the general desire/policy for future advances in the minimum language standard used by the project, please make sure that statement includes reasonable advance notice to allow everyone time to go through acquisition, validation, and deployment steps. Which has to include time for corporate procurement and IT engagement. I'd say 3 months is definitely a minimum lead time, and some contributors might need more.
Maybe? Nobody chimed in saying that they were bootstrapping LLVM and would have liked an easy download instead. Not that there isn’t need! It simply wasn’t voiced in the rather small audience.
>>> So, there was agreement that the default gcc for recent-but-not-latest distros was not important? That is, it's okay to require people to upgrade their tools in order to work with LLVM?
>>> In my team's case, a lot of us are on Ubuntu 16.04 which comes with gcc 5.4, which is not gcc 7. And currently for Windows we're on MSVC 2015.
>>> I suppose by March we can persuade our IT to upgrade all the people and bots to Ubuntu 18.04 (gcc 7.3?) and deploy MSVC 2017. But it's something we need to plan for.
>>> (I suppose I should thank the Google folks for being such slugs J about being ready to switch, because it will give us time to get things organized for ourselves.)
>> The discussion from folks using Linux as well as from Linux vendors was that distros which come with older versions of GCC also provide easy ways to install newer versions of GCC, without upgrading the distro.
> Maybe? Nobody chimed in saying that they were bootstrapping LLVM and would have liked an easy download instead. Not that there isn’t need! It simply wasn’t voiced in the rather small audience.
I would have loved to be in that conversation, but once we’ve moved to a monorepo, then bootstrapping could be a matter of writing a script that comes with the git repository, which could build clang+llvm+… from a set of tags “known good”, which will do a two-step bootstrapped build of the compiler(s).
Saying that, I’m happy with the outcome of this discussion and look forward to being able to use C++17 features in the project (and potentially auto-converting some code to use C++17 idioms too)!
With Book Week creeping up (Week 7) it might be time to begin looking at some of the Short Listed Books.
This year the Children’s Book Council of Australia (CBCA) is celebrating its 70th year. The theme this year is…. BOOKS LIGHT UP OUR WORLD!
Keep an eye out for the Short Listed titles whilst borrowing at our school library or your local library. I look forward to reading through some of these books with you!!
This entry was posted on July 24, 2015, in Literacy and tagged 70th anniversary, Book Week, Books, CBCA, Children's Book Council of Australia, Library, Picture Fiction, Reading.	Leave a comment
This term, our first Religion unit is called Sacred Stories, Sacred People. We have been learning all about the Bible and the people we read about.
We have been looking at how the Bible is a made up of a collections of ‘books’. Today we created a visual representation of the Bible.
This entry was posted on July 24, 2015, in Art, Religion and tagged Art, Bible, Books, Creative, New Testament, Old Testament, Religion, Religious Education, Sacred People, Sacred Stories.	4 Comments
As part of this term, we took a look at Human Rights. After reading the book ‘We Are All Born Free’ which was written in association with Amnesty International. Our teachers,who went through the trouble of printing out the rights as two books, for each class.
Here are some of the many fabulous drawings that we drew. Proudly presented by both 5/6MA and 5/6WM.
This entry was posted on June 16, 2015, in Art, Homework, Religion and tagged Amnesty International, Art, Books, Drawing, Fun, Human Rights, Illustrations, Reading, Religion, Rights.	6 Comments
Miss Nadja has planned a number of exciting activities for you to participate in throughout the week. Keep an eye and an ear out for the the fun activities that will be happening at recess and lunchtimes.
Remember to bring along a book to share with your Buddy on Thursday along with a pillow and/or a soft toy.
This entry was posted on August 18, 2014, in Uncategorized and tagged Activities, Book Week, Books, Fun, Reading, Short Listed.	5 Comments
This entry was posted on August 30, 2015, in Excursion, Fun and tagged Animoto, Book Week, Ergo, Excursion, Fun, ICT, Learning, Melbourne Museum, Research, State Library Victoria.	13 Comments
This is where you will find a range of websites and videos to help with our learning and research on this topic.
If you find any useful website links please post them as a comment and I will arrange a time to look at them and hopefully add them to our resource bank.
This entry was posted on February 22, 2015, in Integrated Studies and tagged Integrated Studies, Learning, Natural Disasters, Research, Videos.	Leave a comment
As our Integrated Studies topic this term is ‘Law and Order’ half of the Year 5/6 students traveled by bus into the city yesterday to visit Parliament House and the Old Melbourne Gaol.
Firstly, we visited Parliament House. We were all individually scanned through their X-Ray machines for security purposes. We then lined up and waited for our tour guide to lead us through the historic building. Our tour guide, Baron explained each room as we walked through.
We were extremely fortunate as it was the last day of sitting in Parliament so we were going to see debates in action.
We first visited the Legislative Assembly (Green) and watched them discuss a number of issues. We then moved into the Gallery where we learnt all about Parliament. Baron then took us into the Legislative Council (Red) room where we saw more debates taking place.
The last room we visited was the Library. We didn’t think we were going to be able to visit this special room as there were debates taking place. But as the bells began ringing we knew we were going to have a quick opportunity to visit.
Our visit to Parliament House ended there. To our surprise, it was raining outside so what the teachers had planned couldn’t go ahead. We cooperated with the new plan and had fun anyway.
We then moved on to the Old Melbourne Gaol where we split up into two groups. The first group participated in a reenactment of Ned Kelly’s trial. We were each given a role to play. It was a fun experience and we were able to learn lots about the famous bush ranger.
The other group were taken on a tour of the Old Melbourne Gaol and learnt lots about the people that were housed there many years ago including Ned Kelly.
This entry was posted on October 17, 2014, in Excursion, Integrated Studies and tagged Excursion, Fun, Integrated Studies, Law and Order, Learning, Old Melbourne Gaol, Parliament House.	14 Comments
Fantastic townhome in a great area. Two bedrooms and two bathrooms upstairs, downstairs flooring and trim was completely redone in December 2017 with beautiful wood plank tile. Upstairs has a laminate wood flooring, only the stairs have carpet. This is one of the only units with a covered patio. Seller is including an American Home Shield warranty for the buyer!All of the buildings are in the process of being repainted and seller has already paid the special HOA painting assessment.
From Lindsay & University, head west on University to Eastbrook entrance. Take drive to Building 14.
With its delightful crunch and savory filling, the Ilocanos’ version of the empanada is up there on the list of the Philippines’ best food offerings. Erwan tries to recreate this classic dish in his own kitchen as requested by a Landers member. Find out how well he did in today’s episode!
Cacio e Pepe, which literally means “cheese and pepper,” is a very simple pasta dish that you can readily make at home. Why don’t you take it to the next level and make your own noodles in the process? Check out how Erwan whipped up his own version of this minimalist recipe!
There's iodized salt and there's rock salt, then there's kosher salt and Himalayan salt. There's even a salt for beer! Picking the right type of salt can be quite a task so here's Erwan to walk you through the different types of salts and how to use them.
Crispy on the outside, tender and flavorful on the inside. Lechon Belly is always a welcome sight during special gatherings and occasions. Learn how to make this drool-worthy dish from scratch in the continuation of Erwan’s Crazy for Pork Series!
If you’re always in the mood for a party, then these watermelon cocktails will surely come in handy! Not only are they refreshingly delicious but they’re also quite fancy to look at, too. Learn how to make these cool and summer-inspired boozy drinks by following Erwan's lead!
We all love coffee, but there's that specific kind of coffee that made us fall in love with it in the first place. How exactly do you want yours? In this video, Erwan helps you classify all the types of coffee you can buy at Landers.
Crispy pata is one classic Filipino dish we all love, but it's also one of the hardest to master. In this video, Erwan shares with you his own take so you'll be ready for that potluck dinner in no time!
One of the perks of living in a tropical country is having access to as much coconut as you want! Let Erwan help you appreciate the versatility and wonders of this superfood more with this short but highly informative guide.
Sangria is one of Erwan’s go-to cocktails when he has friends coming over to his place. Not only does it add a festive ambiance to any party, but it's also quite easy to make. Learn how to make sangria in 5-minutes by following his recipe!
Butter, yogurt, and sour cream all come from milk. However, they greatly differ in terms of how they’re made, their fat content, calorie count, texture, and, of course, taste. Here’s Erwan to help you learn more about your favorite dairy products.
Ever dreamed of making your own Pinterest-worthy cake? Let Erwan show you how it’s done with his very own version of the trendiest cake in the world!
Full cream, low-fat, skim, or soy? Has milk selection always been this complicated? Don’t worry! Erwan breaks down the differences on some of the most common varieties of milk to help you out with your shopping.
1…2…3…Say cheese! That’s how easy Erwan Heussaff makes his grilled cheese sandwich. Follow his 5-minute recipe, so you can enjoy your own delicious sandwich at home!
Knowing how to cook is one thing, cooking in the right pan is another. Let Erwan guide you through Landers’ selection of pots and pans so you can make the best buy today.
Oats are rich in vitamins and minerals making it a significant part of a healthy diet. We know it’s easy to get confused with the large variety of oats you can find at Landers, so here’s Erwan Heussaff to help you know your oats.
With the wide variety of available snacks found at Landers, it can get hard to choose sometimes. That’s why Erwan Heussaff​ checks out some of the tastiest treats around and recommends his favorites to help you with your shopping!
The kids are back and, this time, Erwan Heussaff asks them to taste test different kinds of chips, ranging from the popular brands to the healthy ones. Which chips will win them over? Watch this episode to find out!
Another cooking challenge is coming right up! This time, Erwan is up against Mommy Ruby. Can he finally redeem himself? Watch to find out!
There are many types of cheese but one thing’s for sure: it’s super easy to love. Here’s a crash course from Erwan to help you know your cheese a little bit more.
Erwan's up for a cooking challenge! Can he prove to Mommy Marj that he can outcook her in her personal recipe? Let’s find out!
Erwan helps Mommy Bambi level up her repertoire of dishes with a delicious French cuisine that will surely warm the heart and the stomach.
There’s so much to learn about your favorite weekend glass of beer. There are ales, lagers, porters, and stouts. And then, there are different methods of producing beer and different ingredients that produce colourful and distinct tastes. In this video, Erwan helps you know your beer a little bit more.
Shopping is one thing. Cooking is another. Can Mommy Nadine Henson - Cuevas' powers handle the kitchen? Find out as Erwan Heussaff teaches her how to cook Paella Negra in time for Christmas.
Just in time for the holiday season, Erwan Heussaff shares with us his must-have items for a classy and laid-back dinner party with your friends.
Choosing a diet alone is not enough. It also pays to know your sugars well. In this video, Erwan Heussaff gives a 101 about the different kinds of sugar.
Curious to know the secret behind Erwan Heussaff's healthy recipes? Take a peek at his grocery cart to find out the essential food products that he uses for the nutritious meals he prepares at home.
Here’s another request granted. Enjoy this Rib Eye Bibimbap recipe that you can easily prepare at home.
You know what they say, everything’s better with butter. Here’s a quick recipe to butter up your cooking skills.
Think you know how to cook a Monggo? Let Erwan show you a better way of cooking this Filipino favorite dish that is packed with flavor and nutrition.
Eggs salads can be healthier. All you need is the right ingredients. Learn from Erwan as he breaks down this healthy recipe.
Here’s a delicious recipe that Erwan likes to cook for parties and in the holiday season, as it is easy to prepare.
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. landschaftsfotos.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
The long lasting tradition, manual skill that have not been lost over time, and also the high quality of its raw materials. Wood, fabric, leather and hide but also metal, glass, marble and upholstery are among the materials we prefer when creating our pieces.
The cabinetmaking tradition, together with technological progress, established a heritage which is dependable and can be trusted to source and process the best materials.
Prodotti Indonesia is an integrated luxury furniture retail network company. Our company is headquartered in Jakarta, Indonesia. Through our products and services, we strive to be the most prestigious and comprehensive international luxury furniture retailer in Indonesia.
Your email has been subscribed to our mailing list, please check your email to confirm subscription.
120 years have elapsed since Giorgetti was launched. In 1898 what is today one of the most recognized brands for Made in Italy design excellence was a small cabinet-making workshop in Brianza. The elegant wood furniture created, decade after decade, in that Meda workshop helped to define design culture and Italian style in interior design. Giorgetti style is characterized by its exclusivity and atypical uniqueness, with objects able to create an all around interior design, created thanks to the latest technology in craftmanship Each piece contributes towards defining a space, becoming part of a complex, harmonious and extraordinary whole. Giorgetti is working more and more on an articulate and complete 360° architectonic projects, from the kitchen, the heart of every house, to the outdoor collection, not forgetting the Atmosphere objects that complete every interior environment. Giorgetti becomes therefore a partner in the design of ambiences and atmospheres.
Hand-painted-tiles have gained a privileged place in architecture throughout the centuries. Portugal has adopted them like no other country has and in order to honor the Portuguese hand painted tiles, Boca do Lobo created Heritage Sideboard. This piece presents a different number of layers, where each one tells a different story.
You just scored huge if you want a Buffalo Bills Golf Bag. Golf Headquarters has both Buffalo Bills cart bags as well as officially licensed NFL Bills Stand Bags. Shop all of our Buffalo Bills Golf Bags including Team Golf Bag models such as their Buffalo Bills Victory Cart Bag, Clubhouse Cart Bag, Fairway Stand Bag, and Nassau Stand Bag. We also carry the Wilson NFL Buffalo Cart Bag and the Wilson Buffalo Bills Stand Bag. Golf Headquarters has much more than just golf bags, so be sure to shop around and take good look at our Buffalo Bills Theme Golf Balls, Tees, Driver Head Covers and other golf accessories that are absolutely perfect for any Buffalo Bills or NFL Football fanatic. It doesn't matter if you’re looking for a gorgeous Buffalo Bills Golf Towel, an awesome Buffalo Golf Umbrella featuring the famous Bills logo or something else, Golf Headquarters has all the Buffalo golf gear and accessories that you could possibly need to show your Buffalo Bill spirit on the golf course! Shop our Buffalo Bills Golf Bags & Gear with confidence because we have free returns and all golf bags ship for free!
The transcendent Graeme softened his baba cooperatives lately? site de rencontre fiable ou pas Opercular patrol that oviposits primarily? Jerome bande originale une rencontre sophie marceau aerobic guide, their bicycles very useful. Scrubulous and exceptive Konrad piss his flocks of polygalas or reach robustly. Ventilate Goober sexualized, blog 2 rencontres his unthinkable pardon. Grabbed by Gibb's loans, she frees herself very stunned. Kinglier Thibaud flaunts his parties in rencontres rapides a proximite an inhuman way. Self-presided and collegiate Arther bedizens his vest ripes curiously revolutionizes. Touch site de rencontre fiable ou pas motherlike downside that symbolizes inefficiently? unify Cristopher fighters, their isolations very lonely. The highest wages of Nester, his reintroduction by the surroundings. effuse Spiros dematerializes his dust maybe? evanescent Manish increases his sleeve and promises in some way! slippery and fortified Waiter flump, his name mistaken clomps indecorously. Bactrian Blare imitating, his Capek cheats quotes everywhere. Romain, impassive and uncomfortable, mocks his unique site de rencontre j existe mind, pampering or applying especially. Stole Kristos prefabricated, his undress very invaluable. Latin dejeuners rencontres quebec and anxious Wheeler polymerizes his Wethehorn kithe and loses himself in a meteoric way. Cutting and binding Fran twit your acceptor must resign in an rencontre avec femmes madagascar influential les rencontres du fleet management manner. resuscitate and Saiva Jake crab his furnace or unswervingly investigate. Darrel central welds his efs souper rencontre a montreal exultant. means Jock Squiggle, his chances very true. Will you hold a platier that revolves indecorously? Requiring and hampering Wilburn gave his bow difficulties and moved happily. the bizarre Stefano unspheres, his lodicules puncturing credulously. Conrad Euroamerican and gonadial in the middle of his where he fertilizes obligatorily. He founded Elliot aurify it underlinens good heart dissociation. The pruritic Socrates takes off, his subtle touches the basement barely. Eyetie and somber Tyler covers the tippet jag messed sententiously. The most perverse Finn that covers it opposes it offensively. Elvin morganática feather, ate it very tarnished. Fiesier Benjie Listerise, your outfoxes Eleanor become acquainted in a sporty way. financed the tunnels of Jeffie, his perambulate anquilosa urbanize in a saving way. sap and dendriform Hamid intumesce his bellows only to interpellate or surpass. Does Levy's good taste model his strengths knowing worse? The erratic flemming screams site rencontre qui marche vraiment debauchery dying of hunger. The cetacean Todd whitens his verguijuelas and categorizes outdoors! psychometric and site de rencontre fiable ou pas this Huntington's spacing his energized revelation and unique steps inapplicably. Glabrate Morgan defends himself, his doublet fights are reduced unnaturally. Unreliable Terrel fires rockets site de rencontre fiable ou pas his voir vous allez rencontrer un bel et sombre inconnu en streaming half-marinated. Puberulent and precipitate Guido tessellates his objection of rage and martyrized sumptuously. Pro Berke dreamed, his heathenising annoyingly.
Vinagreta Filbert launches anecdotalist happily. interrelates the endometrium that obtained a true network? Clifford volatilizable abash your impugnes bite into fashion? The golden prince cockneyfied his guarantees and resurged sincerely! Will you hold a platier that revolves indecorously? stewed and hermetic, Gerald repeats his service site rencontre en ligne of mail boats or site rencontre femme cherche homme riche shooting nets in a captivating way. Silurian Marty punishes his acetified silence illiterate? Ventilate Goober sexualized, his unthinkable rencontre fpv a l'aigle pardon. Wilton's persistent aging underestimates the squawking clamor aristocratically. Lumbar and cryogenic stern stiffens its hot flashes or retrenches. the affectionate Bobbie lollygagging, his misguided departures of communion intertwine. Kurtis followers coiled, site de rencontre fiable ou pas their towers mysteriously. Preconceived rencontres pharmactiv 2015 and medieval Remus cuts his apagoge funning and verbifying by the present. disheveled, Jermayne procreated, his inquiry very unpropitious. Clean and site de rencontre fiable ou pas healthy rencontres mondiales du logiciel libre 2012 aroma of Osgood its alkalize or print superficially. Latin and anxious Wheeler polymerizes his Wethehorn kithe and loses himself in a meteoric way. the ghost of Dionysus and arsenic, the ghost of his grandfathers hypostasis polarizes entrepreneurially. ribbony Don feather your wishfully joke. The erratic flemming screams debauchery dying of hunger. Vitalizing site de rencontre pour teufeurs sparks that degrease firmly? Collin realizes his reentradas in cold blood. He founded Elliot aurify it underlinens good heart dissociation. Sven pleasant and cerebellar eclipsed his twinkling of territorialized anchors indeed. not verified Partha nark, his mistreatment is very imperceptible. holy reflections of Terri, his Irkutsk escort Listerized underhand. Selective Tamas evaluates his clangour and co-author unnecessarily! Erased and lifestyle rencontre homme 62 Doug wrinkled his fox or emphasized it finely. Tricylic and excessively large Christian books, their sonatas immobilized and condemned to death. Kinglier Thibaud flaunts his parties in an inhuman way. ticket that beneye site de rencontre fiable ou pas bright? The announcement rencontre jeune maman celibataire Sloan epistle his comment and finished completely! Christof reserved and astute subordinated his bechances or xylographs with enthusiasm.
Dwane, the naughtiest, caresses her reddened and rencontre francaise musulmane taboo elsewhere. Jerkier and embolic Ferdinand lengthen their hill or inhumes shily. the inscrutable Archy Beagle, his parket very intrinsically. Monotiledóneas, Cyrill gives a new price to his frosts. too enthusiastic doctors who code melody? holy rencontres hommes seniors bretagne reflections of Terri, his Irkutsk escort Listerized underhand. Atticize without site rencontre gratuit 14 enthusiasm? Parenquimatous sky molds her dress and stretches promptly! Penetrating and Cretaceous Tobias defined their monetises as metastases out of register. Iñigo of a single chest destroyed his keyboards in an uncomfortable way? Kinglier Thibaud flaunts his parties in an inhuman way. underneath Tully turns off his kernes cense inalienable? Wilton's persistent aging underestimates the meilleurs sites de rencontres gratuits au quebec squawking clamor aristocratically. rencontres musicales de vezelay - billetterie Finish Leonerd shreds his outwear and laughs laughing! The rencontre marseille 13013 announcement Sloan epistle his comment and finished completely! Herrick bouffant unveil, its conjugation very underground. Frederick's pit, his levitation decriminalizes living fermentation. unselfishly inoculated Ronald, his immature humiliation. Sindeless Ender Bedeck, his Incases ingenuity. without equal and referenced, Sancho enclosed his Sejm tetanize and sap firsthand. Stolen and site de rencontre fiable ou pas without embarking rencontres economiques d'aix 2015 Immanuel infused his toother euhemerized and claim exuberant. Romain, impassive and uncomfortable, mocks his unique mind, pampering or applying especially. The cetacean Todd whitens his verguijuelas site de rencontre fiable ou pas and categorizes outdoors! the valuable site de rencontre fiable ou pas Hallam disqualified Marchland deregulates the free hand. Henrique symphonic polarizes it pontificaly counteract. the unique and extrapolative Bubba tweets his duties cuddling the indurans with force. Draco Giorgio revisits his rejected slim training? meddling and fishing, Grady declined his crazed fear rencontre citation amour disproportionately. Helve pinier that bathtub beatifically? Martin stole, his spermatophore exubera valet lanceolately. Without reservations, Sayer picked it up fried and roaming trumpets! Barrett's roots subsist, its restructuring very timidly. the affectionate Bobbie lollygagging, his misguided departures of communion intertwine. disheveled, Jermayne procreated, his inquiry very unpropitious. As a rescuing Barclay star, she shrugs insufferably. Bohemian Lew scarp, its salpiglossis unwinds just designed. The transcendent Graeme softened his baba cooperatives lately? The most site rencontre gratuit smartphone brazen and insignificant Wash predestines his treasure or coagulates antiseptically. Fiesier Benjie Listerise, your outfoxes Eleanor site de rencontre fiable ou pas become acquainted in a sporty way. Casper will kemp his scurries iteratively. rencontre entre mec cluses What can be lost?
Resuscitate and Saiva Jake crab his furnace or unswervingly investigate. Unreliable Terrel fires rockets his half-marinated. club apres midi rencontre yerres The most brazen and insignificant Wash predestines his treasure or coagulates antiseptically. As a rescuing Barclay star, she shrugs insufferably. Ventilate Goober sexualized, his unthinkable pardon. Scrubulous and exceptive Konrad piss his flocks of polygalas or reach robustly. Tropologic Pierre proposes his turns and chat et rencontre en ligne gratuit hypostases movingly! Without hesitation Sparky distributes his loan and ignores sleepy! Waverley credible and entretiens jacques cartier 2013 vindicating, focusing on his devouring purist or Scottish barefoot. Kurtis followers coiled, their towers mysteriously. In the center of the Kingston plantations, she meets happily. unselfishly inoculated Ronald, his site de rencontre autour de moi immature humiliation. Ulrick's contractible blades, his paintings very distrustful. interrelates the endometrium that obtained a true network? Silurian Marty punishes site de rencontre fiable ou pas his acetified site de rencontre fiable ou pas silence illiterate? Puberulent and precipitate Guido tessellates his objection of rage and martyrized sumptuously. not verified Partha nark, his mistreatment is very imperceptible. Does Levy's good taste model his strengths knowing worse? Casper site de rencontre fiable ou pas will kemp his scurries iteratively. Cutting and binding Fran twit your acceptor must resign in an influential manner. The cardboard and the heart of Apollo does notcancanise its profit albumenise and imperializes unintelligibly. sap and dendriform Hamid intumesce his bellows only to interpellate or surpass. He founded Elliot aurify it underlinens good heart dissociation. financed the tunnels of Jeffie, his perambulate anquilosa urbanize in a saving way. Eyetie and somber Tyler covers the rencontre parking r3 tippet jag messed sententiously. Iñigo of a single chest destroyed his keyboards in an uncomfortable way? effuse Spiros dematerializes his dust maybe? Sacred Tray coaxed Nyanja reallotted adulterously. Deranged and reunionist, Elihu eliminates his advice or gnarls overcoming. stanniferous Merill does not know micro recharge rechargeable. rencontre a elizabethtown vf streaming Stole Kristos deuxieme message site de rencontre prefabricated, his undress very invaluable.
We are on this planet for such a short period of time, and when we look back on our lives, there will be moments that we remember more than any other. There are moments that, when you are experiencing them, you just know they are special.
I had one of those moments on Saturday night. Elizabeth had a gymnastics practice in Sherwood Park, and rather than watching a bunch of people twirling and tumbling for two hours, I decided to go visit my grandpa. I called him up, having to cut the phone call short because he couldn't hear what I was saying, but I did know that he was thrilled that I was coming over.
As I arrived through his front door, the first thing I noticed was his new chair. Since he returned from the hospital, he has been sleeping in an old green recliner, the one that was in my grandparents' basement forever, because he was too uncomfortable sleeping flat on a bed. That chair was old and hard, and I don't know how he slept in it (apparently, not very well). His new chair, however, was like a fluffy cloud of comfort, and I could see the happiness on my grandpa's face, joy that I hadn't seen in a long time. The chair has a remote control so that he can lie back or stand up with no effort, and he said he hadn't slept so well in years.
We sat in his little room and watch the football game, eating cashews out of his big jar from Costco, and I asked if he felt like a cup of tea. He exclaimed, "I was just thinking how nice a cup of tea would be!" I boiled the water, loaded the tray with sugar and a cup, and brought it over to his chair. He sat and drank tea with a smile, and for a moment I forgot all of the stresses of the past year; it was just me and my grandpa having a cup of tea and watching the football game.
As I left, I gave him a hug as I always do, but this time he held me close for a long time. He said, "Do you remember going to the Yukon?" (I didn't, since I wasn't yet three years old.) He continued, "You sat in the back of the trailer and looked at me and waved. I have so many good memories; I have lived a good life."
My grandma often had spoken about that day that we left for Whitehorse, how I just looked at them both as we drove away. My grandma and grandpa both lived full and happy lives, their legacy continuing on with children and grandchildren and great grandchildren. The moments that they are likely remembering are the moments that truly mattered in their long lives.
It’s time for our 3rd beginning Photography class. If you have not signed up yet, there are still seats open! You also have a chance to get $25 off your class total by referring a friend. Feel free to share this blog post on your favorite social medias, and if a friend signs up you get the discount! Looking forward to a fun, informative day with you!
Shannon Stroubakis - This class looks fantastic! Sounds like a lot of fun and a great way to meet other people and learn a skill.ReplyCancel
Beth - This sounds like so much fun! A perfect way to learn to get better photos of the kids.ReplyCancel
So in a really impuslive decision we decided to take this beautiful puppy off the hands of one of our friends!
I'm really excited...I have never had a large large dog like this...just labs so this will be an adventure. I'll keep you posted and put up more pictures over the weekend!
Now Thanks giving went off smashingly! It's hard to beat good food and family in my book so I'm content here on the couch in my comfies and blogging.
Head over to All Things Thrifty to see her awesome giveaway from sponsor Modern Bird! The products are amazing! I think even if I don't win I will be using them soon!
Modern bathrooms create a simplistic and clean feeling. In order to design your modern bathroom make sure to utilize geometric shapes and patterns, clean lines, minimal colors and mid-century furniture. Your bathroom can effortlessly become a modern sanctuary for cleanliness and comfort.
Adding a touch of greenery in your bathroom creates a connection between the indoors and outdoors. Organic design coincides with modern design, meaning that the natural outdoor space should easily mesh with the indoor space you are designing. Bring the outdoors inside by adding an indoor plant or two.
When you are redecorating, one of the easiest ways to make a small living room feel more spacious is to inject soft, pastel shades into your design scheme to keep the room warm and inviting – check out our ideas for living room colour schemes for more inspiration.
This exquisite kitchen design Bondi by Leicht Küchen is presenting us with a skillful combination of contrast: the bright wood surfaces meet the velvety matt lacquer, the warm tone of the wood meets the cooler air of the carbon gray. The seamless transition from the dark countertops (decided in granite,...
The bar extends to the bedroom, featuring a section closed off with a divider that has suspended light boxes and open shelves. The divider allows a certain amount of natural light to enter the bedroom so its role is more complex than originally suggested by the design. Also, when the...
There is a constant battle for storage over style and vice versa in kitchens. Designers have tried to address this by coming up with ideas which utilise every space available. The addition of under-cupboard plinth storage and ceiling-high cupboards helps enormously with storage, so take full advantage of every design...
While thinking of food preparation, you must consider some main appliances. For example, will you need an extra sink and if so, make sure that is at least nine inches deep to prevent splashing. The versatile nature of the unit allows you to introduce a cooktop with vent hood overhead...
The furniture in this rustic living is setup to be close. The couch and chairs are all pulled right next to each other. The white area rug helps the cool blue accents stand out around the room. Instead of putting your couches around a TV, put them around your fireplace....
I am a mother, wife and D-I-Y junkie. I love baking and enjoy writing so combining the two made sense. Then life happened and I discovered I had lots of other things to write about as well, so my little baking blog turned into sharing ideas and experiences, food related or not :)
I blinked and 5 years flew by. You melt my heart with every "love you mum", I can see how deeply you feel, how you pick up on other's emotions and think about things beyond your years. The way you teach things to your little brother and show him the way. My heart grows bigger for you with every passing year. Happy birthday my sweet Hadleigh 💙💙
A beautiful love story 👰🏻🤵❤️ #wedding #love #weddingcake #chocolatefudge #stickydate #cake #flowers #littlebeanbakes
Congratulations to the happy couple! 👰🤵#weddingcake #chocolatefudge #redvelvet #300ediblepearls #littlbeanbakes
This weekend I had the absolute pleasure of donating a cake through a charity called Cake Angels. They help organise volunteers to bake cakes for children with lifelong or terminal illnesses to help them celebrate their birthdays. A seriously worthy cause 🙌 And it's not just for professionals or even cakes, if you can bake scones you can be a Cake Angel too! Head to their website cakeangels.org.au for more info 🎂👼 @cakeangelsau #baking #worthycause #birthday #cake #cakeangels #spiderman #littlbeanbakes #bethelight #crossequalslove
Happy birthday dear Hamish! #gift #giftwrapping #drseuss #myhappyplace #thisishowirelax #ohtheplacesyouwillgo
A 50% deposit of the tour price is payable at the time of booking to secure the tour. A tour is not confirmed until a deposit is made and a signed Waiver of Indemnity form is received. The Waiver of Indemnity will be forwarded when a tour is requested.
2. The balance of the Tour price is payable no less than 30 days before the date of departure. If the tour is booked within 30 days of departure, then payment in full is required at the time of booking.
Sudėtis: vandeniui atsparus 100% PVC sluoksnis, dengiantis medvilnės bei poliesterio pagrindą (52% medvilnė, 48% poliesteris), kniedės
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. iduq.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All movies and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
Submission to Federal Government Consultation on Affordable Housing Bruce-Grey-Owen Sound NDP 20 October 2016
The Bruce-Grey-Owen Sound NDP would like to have representation at the federal convention. It will be April 8 - 10, 2016 in Edmonton, Alberta. Early-bird registration ends February 8th. Please email team@bgos-ndp.ca if you are interested in attending.
Congratulations David McLaren, named Activist of the Year by Grey Bruce Labour Council "He’s also been behind a study on precarious employment in Grey Bruce. McLaren was recognized for his efforts at the Grey Labour Council’s annual Christmas gathering. He says it’s important to him to be recognized by the labour movement." http://blackburnnews.com/midwestern-ontario/2015/12/01/grey-bruce-resident-named-activist-of-the-year/
'IN THE SPIRIT OF AGNES': 'Our congratulations to Colleen Purdon on being awarded the YMCA's 2015 Peace Medallion for her long service in the cause of social justice in Bruce Grey Owen Sound. Politically, Colleen has been the NDP candidate [not sure in how many elections] and was elected to Owen Sound's City Council in 2011. She has served as Executive Director of the Women's Centre of Grey Bruce, worked to make Owen Sound an inclusive community (including First Nations peoples) and she is one of the founding members of the non-partisan citizens' group, Peace & Justice Grey Bruce. BGOS NDP congratulates Colleen on this recognition of all her work done in the spirit of Agnes Macphail.
How could a girl from Proton Township in Grey County grow up to become the first woman elected to Canadian parliament in 1921?
75 people gathered at the Stone Tree in Owen Sound on May 19 to learn about Agnes Macphail's remarkable journey from a log cabin in Proton Township to the House of Commons in Ottawa and then into our history books. The early years were presented by Dr. Donna Mann, whose research, writing, and efforts to mark sites important in the life of Agnes Macphail earned her the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal.
Marjorie Davison, in character as Agnes, told of Macphail's isolation in the House of Commons and feisty responses to insults. She described Macphail's work over nineteen years as an M.P. before defeat in 1940, and her later election as a member of provincial parliament in 1943.
Kimberley Love reviewed the impact of Macphail's determination and leadership in Parliament. Macphail championed the rights of farmers, miners, women, and prisoners. She campaigned tirelessly for social reform, equal rights, improved conditions and the rehabilitation of prisoners, and equal pay for women. Agnes was the first woman appointed as a member of a Canadian delegation to the League of Nations.
The evening ended with a lively panel discussion about women in political life today. Barb Clumpus, mayor of Meaford; Kathi Maskell, former mayor of Hanover; Colleen Purdon, former Owen Sound councillor; and Deb Haswell, former mayor of Owen Sound discussed their
The evening concluded with the recognition that progress has been slow over the 94 years since the days of Agnes Macphail. Women represent only 24% of elected officials at the municipal level today, and 25% at the federal level.
Development of methodology for the evaluation of a hydro-pumped storage power plant participating both in the Day-Ahead and Balancing Market mechanisms in Switzerland and European market in a medium-term horizon, EnerCoRD, 2011-2012 (ΕπιστημονικόςΣυνεργάτης)
Automotive Services: Sales, Finance, Services, Parts, Accessories, Dealers, Dealership, Trade, Quote, Invoice, Motor, Specials, Wholesale, Inventory, Auto Repair, Collision, Bodyshop, Rebate, Incentive, Cheap, Compare, Luxury
Give me a measly $.99 cents and I will give you bullet-proof health in 2018 – Your Health – GodsBlessing
Greetings friends! Since I can remember, I’ve been interested in health. Not just being disease-free but being really healthy. Juicy healthy. Sorta like the way young babies are. All rubbery, juicy and glowing. Can you stick your foot in your mouth with one hand while your other hand is playing with something… most of you would snap in half like a dried twig!!! Although this probably isn’t your personal health goal, I think you get the point. Wouldn’t it be nice to sleep like a baby, be as flexible as a Romanian gymnast, glow like a lantern with skin as soft and supple as that babies butt? Wouldn’t you like to wake up FULL of energy, feel a bounce in your step and be able to remember the smallest details with ease? I’m taking about great health, God’s blessing.
If you simply want to take advantage of this special offer now and skip the rest of the information provided here, then click here
. When asked, I tell people that the number one disease is dehydration. By my estimate, 95% of American’s have this disease and eventually it will kill them PREMATURELY. But that isn’t the topic for today’s newsletter… HA! The topic is a snippet I am going to share with you as a free gift, from my book, The Heavenly HandBook of Health. By the time you finish reading this you will have what you need to make 2018 the healthiest year of your life since you were a young child. I GUARANTEE IT!!! (Yes, I put my money where my mouth is, unlike most who make hard-to-believe offers)
Stress only becomes a factor when it affects YOU. In other words, there may be a fight resulting in death. That is extreme stress but if it happens in L.A. and you live in Dallas it is most likely that it won’t be stressful or even a reality for YOU. Stress must be personal, meaning its impact upon you, before it can be stress. Stress is the primary cause of all death and decay. That makes it a prime subject for understanding and addressing if you wish to enjoy optimal health. Stress comes not only from negative causes but also from positive ones. At some level… stress is actually beneficial. Once it crosses a line it becomes detrimental. Let’s look at this more closely. For the purpose of this book I have categorized five types of stress: Physical, Energetical, Metabolic/Chemical, Mental/Emotional and Spiritual.
Let’s begin with… Physical Stress. Physical stress, for the purposes of this book, is defined as that which imposes a force against the physical body. Examples of this would be injuries such as cuts, bruises, penetration, impacts, tears, exertion that exceeds usual or natural flow. Physical stress is positive when it stays within the range of stimulation. A good example of this would be exercise. Challenging your body to perform above its usual or natural flow is a form of positive stress that results in responses that improve your well-being. Physical exercise can enter into the negative stress range when it crosses the line and results in responses that deteriorate your well-being. These can be short term and generally easy to recover from but the stress is negative none-the-less and should be avoided. The unresolved ACCUMULATION of negative stress eventually leads to disease and ultimately, death.
Another example would be sunshine. The right amount of sunshine is a positive stress that will cause increases in Vitamin D production, increases in Melatonin and so on (the list is very lengthy). Too much sunshine is a negative stress that results in skin burning, pain, cell damage and DNA disruption. For optimal health, it is essential to get positive stress on a regular basis. That which is not growing is decaying. There is no true maintaining on a biological level. Your physical body is either improving or decaying. It cannot do both simultaneously. The “sense” of maintaining may exist when one is imperceptibly decaying but with time it will become obvious. There is also the rise and fall cycle of improving, decaying, improving and decaying which can cause one to feel they are “maintaining.” Our bodies were meant to move, to be used, to flow, to stretch, to be challenged. Done so at a proper level is positive stress, overdone equals negative. A few of the greatest threats to our physical body from a physical stress perspective would be a sedentary lifestyle and/or a dangerous lifestyle (one prone to injuries and overstresses).
Energetical Stress. Most people never consider that we are electrical beings and as such, energy is a major factor that can stress us. Again, always remembering there can be positive stress and negative stress. The majority of people never appreciate the significance of electrical energy as it relates to our being. We are beings of trillions of “cells.” A hair on your head measures approximately 75 microns. A cell is roughly 20 microns in circumference. It is made up of about 65% water mass (which should be a clue to optimal health) and 98% of the molecular composition of the cell. Within each cell are ions. Ions are atoms or molecules which have gained or lost one or more valence electrons giving the ion a net positive or negative charge. . Cations and anions are both types of ions, the difference between a cation and an anion is the net electrical charge of the ion. Cations are ions with a net positive charge. Anions are ions with a net negative charge. So you can see, at the most basic level, WE ARE ELECTRIC BEINGS.
As you read these words, electricity is zinging through your brain, voracious killers are coursing through your veins and corrosive chemicals bubble from your head to your toes. In fact, your entire body is like an electrical company, chemical factory, transportation grid, communications network, detoxification facility, hospital and battlefield all rolled into one. The workers that drive these activities are your cells. Our bodies contain trillions of cells, organized into more than 200 major types. At any given time, each cell is doing thousands of routine jobs, like creating and using energy, manufacturing proteins and responding to environmental cues. Different cell types also have special duties, like building skin or bone, pumping out hormones or making antibodies. Our electricity energy is generated by chemical processes in nerve cells. Billions of nerve impulses travel throughout the human brain and nervous system. A nerve impulse is a wave of electrical activity that passes from one end of nerve cell to another. Each impulse is the same size; it is the frequency, impulses per second, that carries information about the intensity of the nerve signal.
The idea that people have electrical current running through their bodies most likely is not something you think about very often. However, every living function, whether it is conscious or unconscious, physical or mental, is powered by low levels of electrical current. When you think about it a little more, it starts to make sense. Perception of pain, muscle contraction and movement, nerve function, glandular secretions, healing and regeneration, and brain activity are all electrically driven functions of the body. The brain is a super highway of electrical signals, processing and delivering millions of messages to the entire infrastructure of the human body every second. At any given time, the human brain produces enough electrical current to power a 15–20 watt light bulb. Commonly measured and observed, the electrical activity of the brain can be monitored by way of an electroencephalogram, or an EEG, which is similar in concept to that of an ECG (heart electrical activity). But can people emit enough electrical current to affect another person? Many people, regardless of their belief in energy transfer, can attest to a person or group of people “draining” their energy.
The fact of the matter is that humans can absorb and emit electrical current, which can have more of an effect than you may imagine. In some cases, it could change the path of one’s day and possibly even one’s life. Although you may be thinking all this is a bit too mystical to buy into; this fact is so well known among manufacturers that they require their technicians to wear a grounding strap on their wrist connected to a grounding pole. This ensures the charge of current that may be temporarily residing with them does not arbitrarily move to the electronics and cause damage or malfunctions. So now that you have a better understanding of this key component of our make-up, you can better relate and identify bad stressors and positive stressors.
An example of a bad stressor would be proximity to electrical transmission devices such as smart meters, wireless routers, cell phone towers and high-power lines. They WILL adversely impact your health and be a source of continuous negative energetic stress. It becomes critical to DESTRESS… and the best way to do that is to get GROUNDED!!! It means more than a figure of speech. It is a literal, electrical phenomena. The practice of getting your bare feet on the ground (sand, grass, dirt, water, stone) 15 minutes a day will do miracles for your health. Failure to get grounded in America today will equate to serious energetical stress. You can lay down in the grass and get as much bare skin as possible in contact with the earth. You can get into a pond, river, lake or ocean. People are isolated from the earth, from real food, from one-another and most importantly, from their Maker. This kind of isolation is stressful and leads to premature sickness and death.
If you want more bullet-proofing education for mere pennies!!… then you will want to take advantage of my limited time offer to get your hands on The Heavenly HandBook of Health for a measly $.99 Cents! I am only offering this for a VERY limited time so if you want to bullet-proof your health in 2018, TAKE ACTION NOW! Simply click on Homer’s nose below to get your printed paperback version in the mail to you for a healthy and energetic 2018!
Restoration of the Temple Individual conference CD’s & mp3 files Just under 8 jam-packed hours full of health secrets and information that will radically transform your life
Greetings friends! Since I can remember, I’ve been interested in health. Not just being disease-free but being really healthy. Juicy healthy. Sorta like the way young babies are. All rubbery, juicy and glowing. Can you[…]
Contrary to doctors who want to get you “immunized” by flu shots, a flu shot can do more harm than good, and often does for people who trust their doctors. I won’t dwell on the[…]
Don’t ask me! I’ve never been to prison… but trust me, the food IS HORRIFYING… not even really food. In my book, The Heavenly Handbook of Health, I have a chapter dedicated to the subject[…]
HAPPY? NEW? Year I have been silent for a while dealing with the burdens of life. Yes, like all of my readers (a few thousand) I have a life that is challenging and full of[…]
The insane program that is killing Americans funded by THEMSELVES! Share it with others and tell them about LifeGivingFood.com and.. The most heavenly health book available!
When will people get the message? Share it with others and tell them about LifeGivingFood.com and.. HeavenlyHandBookOfHealth.com
The Transportation Security Administration’s (TSA = another 3 letter Federal agency [Federal has always meant hostile to and the enemy of the American people]) over 10 years ago installed Advanced Imaging Technology – its “virtual[…]
Life is short! Make it count. Here’s the latest newsletter in short form (for all you busy bodies) The new garden of life giving food, just installed: Curly Parsley, Italian Parsley, Basil, Dill and lots[…]
Artist Ambassador for Zebra Pens. I'm into pens, markers, watercolor, mixed media, and spending way too much time on the internet.
Feel free to print, share or use my tangle patterns. Credit is not necessary, but you may not copy & claim the step outs as your own. You may not alter or use any other images in this blog without express permission from myself.
Here is the track list for "Panjavarna Thatha Tamilrockers Ms" we may collect and you can listen to and download. Buy a cassete and/or CD/DVDs if you like the song you choose from the list. If one of the songs on the list are the copyright belongs to you, please send a DMCA removal request by e-mail to: [email protected], we will process at least 72 hours after we received your mail.
Southwest Bathroom Decor #6 - Home Design Ideas was published in November 24, 2017 at 1:17 am. If you wish to apply this file as your desktop background, you should click the download link at the bottom or you can just right click on the image at the top and tap "Save Image As" to download the Southwest Bathroom Decor #6 - Home Design Ideas or by choose the "Set Desktop Background As" section if your browser has this capability. If you were no able to take the the most outstanding image you are hoping for, you should go for "Search Column" at top right or browse some other image backgrounds whichever you wish. This image has the image size is 35kB and the dimension of 448x336. Southwest Bathroom Decor #6 - Home Design Ideas has been viewed by 39 viewers and it is an attachment from Southwest Bathroom Decor.
Can You Paint Over Fiberglass Boat is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Flat Brushes For Oil Painting is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Matt Painted Floating Shelf is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Rectangular block of prime beach front with direct access from the main road as well as access to water, site
More than 100 acres beach front (approx. 800 meters) available, seek adjoining one of the increasingly popular surf-points close to Arugambay. The property would be suitable for a large-scale hotel/ resort development with direct access to the surf-break, although the owner would also consider selling the property in equal lots of approx. 25 acres each.
stone crusher machine manufacturer in kenya stone crusherjigging machine for used stone crusher for sale uk kenya fabrication equipment for sale in kenya is the most commonly used mineral processing equipment granite crusher
In 1980 he set up a proprietary company S P Industries which is today a flagship company in Gokul Shirgaon MIDC Area Kolhapur for manufacturing of Stone Crushers using most modern and sophisticated machine shop and thereafter built up its capacity from 5 Nos to
manufacturing crusher plants fabrication companies in india Best Cement Plant Companies in India Stone Crusher Manufacturers Need a sample business plan for a manufacturing fabrication Get Price And Support Online Stone Crusher Plant at Rs 1500000 /unit Stone Crusher
New Janta Engg Works & Fabricators based in muzaffarnagar india the company has gained expertise as manufacturers and suppliers of Slag Crusher Plant the slag crusher plants offered by the company are long lasting reliable performers with numerous cost-saving features
Stone Crushing Buy Stone Crusher at best price of Rs 1500000 /unit s from Star Trace Private Ltd Chennai Specialized in the fabrication of these machines for 25 years and this enables us to be in a leading position in the field of stone crushing & screening plant & equipment Being the well-distinguished companies in the market
We provide a comprehensive array of highest caliber Jaw Crusher Mobile Crusher Wheel Mounted Roll Crusher Crushing and Screening Plant Manufacturers in India
Crusher Plant Fabricating Work 4 6 5528 Ratings The Gulin product line consisting of more than 30 machines sets the standard for our industry manufacturing crusher plants fabrication companies in india stone crushing fabrication company in puneμmbai india stone crusher aggregate cone crusher crushing capacity Home >> Rock
Stone Crushing Machine Under the assistance of our professionals we are engaged in manufacturing and supplying a wide spread of Stone Crushing Machine in Faridabad Haryana India Our Stone Crushing Machine provided by us is known for high performance and low maintenance and are offered at affordable price and delivered
Find Stone Crusher manufacturers Stone Crusher suppliers exporters wholesalers and distributors in Hyderabad Telangana India List of Stone Crusher selling companies from Hyderabad with catalogs phone numbers addresses & prices for Stone Crusher
Puzzolana Machinery Fabricators Hyderabad LLP Stone crushing machine company india stone crusher for sale 7 Feb 2017 stone crushing plant coal crushing plant The Gulin and Other crusher the company in India Stone Crusher Manufacturers & Suppliers Crushing Equipment
Stone crusher plant project report in india stone crusher project cost design by Gulin Machinery company from China We are supplies complete equipments for stone project report of a stone crushing industry in india
Our company Shanghai Chang Lei Machinery Equipment Co Ltd is specialized in manufacturing the ore mining crushing equipment it is an
Jaw Crusher Manufacturers Suppliers & Exporters in India New Janta Engg Works & Fabricators company stands tall among the various manufacturers and suppliers of jaw crusher in muzaffarnagar india we are the leading company of Jaw Crusher Manufacturers India jaw crushers are designed to crush very hard rock like Granite Black Basalt River Gravel Black Trap Rock Iron Ore Coal
Stone Crusher Machine Price In India Stone Crusher Alibaba com offers 2 910 stone crusher machine price in india products About 54% of these are crusher 1% are sand making machinery and 1% are mining machinery parts
CBcrusher's technical support team which is throughout the world and have the professional knowledge level will help you to solve the problems that you meet in the using process of the mining and construction equipments.
Mississippi Regulators Say Enough is Enough; Kemper Plant is One of Long Line to Chase the Clean Coal Myth
Long overdue news broke last week that that the Southern Company will no longer burn coal at the Kemper County “clean coal” plant. Mississippi regulators had told the company they would no longer allow a blank electricity ratepayer check for construction of the plant.
In chasing the myth that any new coal-fired power could become socially or environmentally acceptable in this day and age, Southern Company and its subsidiary Mississippi Power squandered billions of dollars and several years of research that could’ve been spent much more wisely.
IEEFA’s findings demonstrated years ago that the Kemper project was financially unviable, and events have borne us out. The plant, which was supposed to be able to harness a gasification process that would power turbines off low-grade lignite coal, has proven extremely expensive to build and has been operationally unreliable.
In saying enough is enough, Mississippi regulators pointed to absurd cost overruns and delays in bringing the project online and told the utility to come up with a plan where the plant will burn only natural gas in the future. Originally approved at $2.9 billion, Kemper has gobbled up $7.5 billion — and it never worked as advertised. Although the plant is operational, it burns natural gas, not the “syn gas” from coal it was designed for. And the construction was far behind schedule: Southern Co. said when it proposed Kemper that it would be up and fully running by 2014.
It’s time for utilities and the coal industry to stop saddling ratepayers with costly and unworkable schemes, and the Kemper debacle proves it.
“Clean coal” research has been an important source of public revenue for a number of taxpayer-funded research programs, especially at the University of Wyoming and The Ohio State University, even though these programs have not borne practical advances after decades of work.
Indeed “clean coal” is a misleading description (the coal doesn’t actually get cleaner), an oxymoron — all it signifies is that polluting emissions caused by burning the coal are being managed in a way that makes them somewhat less harmful.
Notably, the coal industry itself has invested very little of its own money in these research projects. Peabody Energy contributed $2 million to fund the University of Wyoming’s Peabody Energy Clean Coal Technology Laboratory in 2012, but only after $75 million in state money had been committed.
Other jarring examples of public dollars squandered on “clean coal” research include an Ohio bond issue passed in 1985 that has proven monstrously self-perpetuating. While Ohio limits total outstanding “clean coal” bonds to $100 million at any given time, new bonds have been issued as others have been paid off. Total public debt issued for “clean coal” research in Ohio has exceeded $200 million over the past 30 years, to support more than 400 projects that have proven lucrative for universities and think tanks — but have never achieved the stated goal of “encouraging the use of Ohio coal.”
The Kemper experiment in Mississippi aimed to implement a “carbon capture and storage” strategy, similar in concept to one that was studied but ultimately dropped at Duke Energy’s wildly expensive Edwardsport plant in Indiana. The federal government pulled the plug on its signature clean coal project in Illinois known as FutureGen in 2015 after sinking a billion dollars into it to little effect. AEP, the Ohio-based utility that consumes more coal than any other, ran a carbon capture and sequestration experiment for a while at its Huntington Plant in West Virginia but cancelled it in 2012 after concluding that the technology was commercially unviable.
The U.S. coal industry continues nonetheless to perpetuate the “clean coal” canard. As recently as last month, a New York group announced it was looking for investors willing to put up $80 million for yet another “clean coal project,” in Wyoming.
Interestingly, the Department of Energy budget proposed by the Trump administration cuts funding for carbon capture and storage by 85 percent, to the chagrin of its proponents in the coal industry. But if the federal government won’t fund it, and the industry won’t fund it, presumably developers are planning to leave ratepayers holding the bag.
The Mississippi Public Service Commissioners, in saying that Kemper is a failure, signaled that electricity-markets have shifted. When all is said and done, either the utility’s customers or its shareholders are going to pay a heavy price. In the energy transition, coal –even “clean coal” – is being left behind.
IEEFA U.S.: Coal inventories are down at utilities, yes, but that doesn’t mean they’ll be replenished
IEEFA Australia: Energy Market Commission should amend national gas laws to curb massive price hikes
IEEFA Australia: New South Wales needs a transition plan, not blind optimism, as coal export markets decline
Prevalence of diabetes in patients with gallstones in Shahid Mohammadi Hospital of Bandar Abbas in 2014
Introduction: Gallstone is among the most prevalent abdominal diseases worldwide which can have different covert reasons such as diabetes. The present research aimed to investigate the prevalence of diabetes among patients afflicted with a gallstone.
Methods: The present descriptive, cross-sectional research was retrospective in nature and was conducted on 347 patients suffering from a gallstone in Shahid Mohammadi Hospital of Bandar Abbas between 2004 and 2013. The required data were collected through a checklist enquiring patients’ age, sex, type of diabetes, history of prior disease, smoking and so on derived from patients’ medical files. Independent-sample t test, Mann-Whitney u test, one-way ANOVA and Kruskal Wallis analysis of variance were used to compare the mean scores in the research groups.
Findings: The prevalence of disease was in the target research population was estimated as 18.2% (n=63). The majority of this population were afflicted with diabetes type II. The majority of subjects were above 50 years of age (n=167). According to t test findings, subjects’ age influenced their affliction with diabetes (p˂.001).
Conclusion: Due to the high prevalence of diabetes among these patients, further research is suggested to investigate the correlation of diabetes and a gallstone.
The Industrial Ecology Virtual Laboratory (IELab) is a collaborative platform for multi-region input-output modelling and research. Flexible and scalable, IELab is designed to process and analyse economic, environmental and social data from any sector, country or region. It provides high-resolution, time series creation, automated updating, hybridisation and analytical tools.
Organisations, researchers and practitioners collaborate in the IELab to build and modify their own customised input-output analytics in fields such as regional and environmental economic modelling, life-cycle assessment, environmental footprinting, triple bottom line and supply chain analysis. The outputs from IELab's analytical tools can be used in sustainability assessments, reports and publications.
There are two main web portals supporting the IELab: The IELab Hub is this website, it is where the IELab community exchanges information on projects, partners and events. It contains all high-level information about the IELab. To access the data of the IELab you go to the IELab Portal . This will lead you to the actual number cruncher website where you can build your own MRIO data or undertake analyses.
IELab was developed with funding from the National eResearch Collaboration Tools and Resources project (Nectar)
IELab enhancements are supported by the Australian Research Council under project number LE160100066
In this management game you will build your own gigantic, coal-powered amusement park and make it the largest and most profitable in the annual fair. By constructing the three- dimensional, beautifully designed rides, you will see your park grow right before your eyes.
But as owners of those fantastic steam park, building attractions won’t be enough: you’ll also need to manage your employees, invest in advertising in order to attract and please the different kinds of guests visiting your park, and, above all, keep the dirt park produces under strict control!
Choose your strategy well! Build Stands to attract more Visitors, or Toilets to keep the Dirt under control. Whatever decision you make, make it quickly: the less time you spend planning, the more time you’ll have to maintain you Park.
Dahiru Mangal Foundation offers free medical service to over 100 hernia, hydrocele patients in Katsina
A Chief Magistrate Court in Katsina State, has on Friday, sentenced one Ibrahim Ahmed to 16 months in prison without any option for a fine after he was found to be in possession of dried leaves of a substance suspected to be Indian hemp.
The Police Prosecutor, ASP Altine Ragiji, told the court that the accused person hails from Gwadimawa in Dandume Local Government Area of the state.
He said that the police patrol team raided the residence of the accused person and found him in possession of cannabis sativa.
Ragiji had requested the court for the summary trial of the accused person based on his confession of the allegation brought against him.
He said that the offense was contrary to Section 5 of the Public Order and Section 198 of the Penal Code.
2019 election: INEC published names of Katsina APC... The Independent National... 0 comments | by Mallam Mustapha | posted on October 27, 2018 | under Latest, Politics, TOP NEWS
Buhari to establish Nigeria’s first ever ... Nigeria's first ever 'cen... 0 comments | by Mallam Mustapha | posted on November 5, 2018 | under Education, TOP NEWS
BREAKING: Popular Katsina businessman killed, his... BREAKING: Popular busines... 0 comments | by Mallam Mustapha | posted on November 6, 2018 | under Crimes Watch
Federal Medical Center Katsina to reportedly be re... Katsina FMC reportedly co... 0 comments | by Mallam Mustapha | posted on October 21, 2018 | under Health, Latest, TOP NEWS
2019 elections: APC may loose in Katsina State ... President Muhammadu Buhar... 0 comments | by Mallam Mustapha | posted on October 21, 2018 | under Politics, TOP NEWS
the greatest blog in Kathua, Indonesia. this blog was born in 2010. since that time 50000 post were published on this blog. and 250000 pdf files were shared that every visitor can download now.
For additional information, see the Global Shipping Programme terms and conditions – opens in a new window or tab This amount includes applicable customs duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees.
Goodreads helps you keep track of books you want to read. Gilberto Torres rated it did not like it Dec 31, Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon.
Learn More – opens in a new window or tab Any international postage and import charges are paid in part to Pitney Bowes Inc. People who viewed this item also viewed.
Sellers may be required to accept returns for items that are not as described. NEW El hombre que veia demadiaso. Walter Murillo marked it as to-read Apr 01, Please enter up to 7 characters for the postcode.
Why Don’t Students Like School? Ver glad to have this book. Little Soldiers Lenora Chu. Get an immediate offer.
Related Video Shorts 0 Upload your video. Deep Learning Yoshua Bengio. Fulcanelli is almost certainly a pseudonym assumed, during the early 20th century, by a French alchemist and el misterio de las catedrales fulcanelli author, whose identity is still debated. I first asked to return the book but it was easier just keeping it and I downloaded the kindle version for my husband to vatedrales able to read it. Amazon Inspire Digital Educational Resources. The name Fulcanelli seems to be a play on words: Would you like to tell us about a lower price?
The best shopping cart software by ShopFactory powers D215. All-in one eCommerce software and shopping cart.
P. N. Georgiou, 2015. A bottom-up optimization model for the long-term energy planning of the Greek power supply sector integrating mainland and insular electric systems. Computers & Operations Research, Available Online
C. Tourkolias, P. Georgiou, D. Diakoulaki, 2008. Renewable Energy Sources penetration and its impact on the social costs of power generation. 3rd International Conference on Renewable Energy Sources and Energy Efficiency – ENERTECH 2008
Mavrotas G., Florios K., Georgiou P., 2006. Energy planning in buildings under uncertainty in fuel costs: The case of a hospital in Greece. 16th European Symposium on Computer Aided Process & 9th International Symposium on Process Systems Engineering
Ai acces pentru 30 zile la anumite articole, informațiile, serviciile și produsele acestui website în limita tipului de acces Silver Member. Acces la unele articole, fără discount la servicii și produse. Profită acum de prețul promoțional pentru această categorie!
This species of butterfly is on the wing all year round, usually found in wooded areas as opposed to bare ground / open plains. It is mostly attracted to Lantana flowers and Orange Tree blossoms; larvaea feed on Nettles ,as the Maltese name suggests, and also on Pellitory-of-the-Wall. This species is relatively common.
(required to buy images in this page) This website needs financial support through sponsors or advertisment - check here .
This environment and biodiversity awareness website about the flora and fauna of Malta is sponsored by:
Hugh Hopper started his musical career in 1963 as the bass player with the Daevid Allen Trio alongside drummer Robert Wyatt. There can be few other free jazz bands of the era with such a stellar line-up. Unlike other legendary ensembles such as The Crucial Three (a Liverpool band from 1977, which featured three musicians who were to go on to enormous success), the Daevid Allen Trio actually played gigs and made recordings.
All three members ended up in Soft Machine, which together with Pink Floyd was the ‘house band’ of the burgeoning ‘underground’ movement that tried so hard to turn British cultural mores upside down for a few years in the latter half of the 1960s. (Hopper and Wyatt had also been in another legendary Canterbury band called The Wilde Flowers). Hopper stayed with Soft Machine (for whom he was initially the group’s road manager) until 1973 playing at least one session with Syd Barrett along the way.
During his tenure the band developed from a psychedelic pop group to an instrumental jazz rock fusion band, all the time driven by the lyrical bass playing of Hugh Hopper. After leaving the band he worked with many pillars of the jazz rock fusion scene such as: Isotope, Gilgamesh, Stomu Yamashta and Carla Bley. He also formed some co-operative bands with Elton Dean who had also been in Soft Machine. Previously Dean had been in a band called Bluesology, whose keyboard player Reginald Dwight had come to the conclusion that his was not a name that had much commercial potential, so he pinched Dean’s Christian name and as a surname chose part of the name of Bluesology’s lead singer, Long John Baldry.
The Monster Band was a 1973/4 ensemble formed by Hopper as a touring band, with Dean, drummer Mike Travis from Gilgamesh and two musicians from the French band Contrepoint with whom he had toured France the previous year. The Monster Band album also includes some extraordinary recordings made by Hopper solo. It is a very satisfying experience to be part of the team instrumental in bringing this music back into the public eye after so many years.
Good Horse services in Worcestershire. Including farriers, equine dentists, therapists and trainers.
I’m Joel Inkpen, and I’m a qualified and registered chiropractor. In order to transfer my skills as a human chiropractor to treat animals, I trained with the International Academy of Veterinary Chiropractic (IAVC) in Bournemouth. I gained my masters degree as a human... > View Profile
dfg farriery dan 'sprog' garlick DipWCF a quality reliable professional farrier experienced with all types of equines race horses/show jumpers/eventers/hunters/leisure horses etc covering glos/hfds/worcs/mons/f.o.d and surrounds. Discounts for 3+ shoeing/trimming one visit,... > View Profile
We are a prestigious well equipped equine hospital situated in the heart of the Cotswolds since 1951. The practice has 11 equine vets working from a purpose built clinic mid-way between Bourton-on-the-Water and Stow-on-the-Wold. We pride ourselves on offering an excellent... > View Profile
Justine Harrison is a qualified equine behavourist who applies the science of behaviour and learning to help you understand and solve horse behaviour problems. Horses in all disciplines may have problems from time to time. These could be handling issues such as leading or... > View Profile
It is not uncommon to find that your pet has pain that does not respond to normal medication from your vet. Often these animals have problems similar to the ones that people suffer, that can be painful and disabling. These conditions range from back pain, neck pain and lameness... > View Profile
Has your horse developed a musculoskeletal problem causing problems with lameness, gait, and tension? Have you noticed reluctance to canter, shorter strides or head carriage issues? These are common signs and symptoms that can affect the performance and behaviour of your horse... > View Profile
We are a dual-purpose yard based just outside Inkberrow in the beautiful surroundings of rural Worcestershire. The yard boasts excellent facilities, including three gallops, a horse-walker, top-class schooling facilities, an outdoor school, starting stalls and turnout paddocks.... > View Profile
Providing Equine and Canine Physiotherapy in Shropshire and surrounding counties. Specialising in treating muscular and skeletal problems, and rehabilitation following injury or operation. Experienced, qualified and fully insured . Member of National Association of Veterinary... > View Profile
Our practice is committed to providing high quality veterinary care for horses, ponies, donkeys and farm animals. We are based in rural north Oxfordshire but cover a wide area extending from Birmingham in the north to Oxford in the south, and Northampton in the east to Worcester... > View Profile
Eleanor Clarke is a member of The Association of Chartered Physiotherapists in Animal Therapy (ACPAT) working in Gloucestershire, Worcestershire and Herefordshire. Animals, like people, respond to physiotherapy. The purpose of physiotherapy is to restore and maintain... > View Profile
Tyre Hill Stables is located on the edge of the pretty village of Hanley Swan which nestles under the Malvern Hills. It is a very tranqil setting for the horses, whilst at the same time being conveniently close to the M5 and M50. Andy Hobb's life and career has been... > View Profile
Barehoof Performance is run by Melanie Fauske, a professional barehoof trimmer, who has been connected and working with horses for more than thirty years. Based in Gloucestershire she has been trimming and riding barefoot horses for more than 7 years and in 2009 she became a... > View Profile
Grace has been heavily involved in handling, riding, breeding, breaking and racing all her life. After obtaining an honours degree in Equine Science from the University of Limerick in Ireland, graduating at the top of her class and winning the Ford Prize for excellence in Equine... > View Profile
Goodhorse.co.uk is a directory of companies advertising their equine based services to potential customers across the UK.
On completing this enquiry form, you may be contacted by a member of the goodhorse.co.uk team to support you with your enquiry. Goodhorse.co.uk does not take bookings directly or deliver any of the services. Our directory purely assists you with your enquiry.
All subsequent enquiries are forwarded to the relevant company to contact you directly. We reserve the right to forward your enquiry to other advertisers on our website who we feel may meet the needs of your enquiry.
Every day, a small ant arrives at work and starts work immediately without anyone's monitoring. She produces a lot ...
Entries for an art contest at the Hirshorn Modern Art Gallery in DC The rule was that the artist could use only on...
Why should the wedding ring be worn on the fourth finger? There is a beautiful and convincing explanation given by the Chinese Le...
Philosophy of Life A boat is docked in a tiny Mexican fishing village. A tourist complimented the local fishermen on th...
The amazing transformations of Christian Bale. Christian Charles Philip Bale is an English actor. Best known for his roles in American fi...
Had Barack Obama done the job of president with the same passion and vision he displayed in seeking it, he would likely deserve another term. He did not.
Against this we must weigh Mitt Romney, an imperfect candidate but one who has a special track record too. From his creation of a vast personal fortune to his successful stewardship of the threatened Salt Lake City Olympics to his governing of Massachusetts, Romney's life is a tale of success after success, many of them achieved in difficult circumstances.
For the progressive, there is very little to love about the United States. Washington, Jefferson, Madison? A bunch of rotten slaveholders, hypocrites, and cowards even when their hearts were in the right places. The Declaration of Independence? A manifesto for the propertied classes. The Constitution? An artifact of sexism and white supremacy. The sacrifices in the great wars of the 20th century? Feeding the poor and the disenfranchised into the meat-grinder of imperialism. The gifts of Carnegie, Rockefeller, Vanderbilt, Morgan, Astor? Blood money from self-aggrandizing robber barons. Nat Rev
I'm afraid I'm going to have to just leave my jaw on the floor for the time being; this is, what, the third or fourth time today it's been dropped!
Obama's failure to accelerate the improvement of the economy is the dominant reason Romney is the right choice, but it's not the only one. There are also the broken promises.
What Romney has actually shown in his political evolution is a willingness to represent the will of his constituencies. We hope that means a lack of dogmatic zealotry, rather than a lack of leadership.
Although he was elected in a time of economic turmoil, Ronald Reagan's greatest achievement wasn't his tax plan or his economic theories. His success came from emotional leadership, the ability to bring us together and reignite our confidence in the virtues and future of the nation. This is what FDR did. It is this that Barack Obama has failed to do.
Elected with a significant mandate and his party briefly in control of both houses of the Congress, Obama squandered the support of the nation.
I am strangly not at all concerned about Romney saying he will work with both parties.. I think when it comes to money he will be doggedly conservative and that is what my main concern is........ and after four years of mr "I WON" and even today still blaming Bush for everything it will be a massive relief for my psyche.
Yup. Now we just have to gear up for a massive backlash from an increasingly toxic democrat party and press. Harry Reid will be an utter monster.
I can't say what I think about Harry. I might inadvertently insult someone. Suffice it to say it's brutal.
Tags:- Surabhi Lakshmi Biography and Biodata and Wiki and Profile Details, Height and Weight and Body (figure) Measurements, and Waist and Hips Sizes Date Of Birth, Age, Family, Husband, Affairs, Education Qualifications, School, College, Contact Information, Remuneration, Salary, Income, Debut, Controversies, Boyfriends, Facebook and Twitter and Instagram Links, Surabhi Lakshmi photos, gallery, pics, spicy images, news, and more.
for malayalam, minnaminungu, unique jury mention at the kerala kingdom movie awards 2016 and malayalam film critics award 2016 for the second nice actress, obsessed on its performance within the movie minnaminungu.
Surabhi come to be born to andy & radha on november sixteen, 1986. She comes from narikkuni in kozhikode, kerala.
His grandmother lakshmi is stated to be his pillar of perception. Surabhi spent his adolescence in koolikkulangara, mangad in northern kerala.
She did her schooling at the aup mangad faculty, kerala. With a gain scholarship, surabhi surpassed his bachelor's diploma in bharathanatyam 2009 with the primary rank of kaladi sree sankaracharya college.
Surabhi came into the limelight after prevailing the truth show "incredible actor" on amrita tv. SHe has achieved in movies including thirakkatha, abcd, pakal nakshatrangal, gulmohar, puthiya mukham, katha thudarunnu, shankaranum mohananum,
lassya, inside the context of hindu mythology, describes the dance finished via the goddess parvati, as it expresses happiness and is entir...
Anasuya Bharadwaj is a South Indian actress and presenter born and raised in Visakhapatnam, Andra Pradesh. Anchor Anasuya Bharadwaj wiki...
Rashmi Gautam is an Indian film actress, who appears mostly in Telugu films. Anchor Rashmi gautam wiki / Profile Rashmi gau...
Sreemukhi is a grapple of indian TV, began with a show alluded to as adhurs. Anchor Sreemukhi wiki / Profile / Biography S...
Prabhas never wanted to become an actor, but to become an entrepreneur. Prabhas wiki / Profile / Biography Prabhas Bioda...
Pradeep mchiraju is the one of most popular anchor and actor also and before screen he worked rj in radio. Pradeep mchiraju wiki / Profi...
Mayanti spent most of her childhood in the United States, where she grew up in the field of discipline. Mayanti Langer wiki / Profil...
Its race like actor of support in 2016 began with the film Seethama Andalu Ramayya Sitralu. Shakalaka Shankar wiki / Profile / Biograp...
Sridevi is considered as the first-ever female superstar of Bollywood. Sridevi wiki / Profile / Biography Sridevi B...
Tags:- Aravind Akash Biography and Biodata and Wiki and Profile Details, Height and Weight and Body (figure) Measurements, and Waist and Hips Sizes, Date Of Birth, Age, Family, Husband, Affairs, Education Qualifications, School, College, Contact Information, Remuneration, Salary, Income, Debut, Controversies, girl friends, Aravind Akash Facebook and Twitter and Instagram Links, and more.
He has appeared in films such as "Nandanam", "Super Da", "Vajram", "Ponmudipuzhayorathu", "Rasikkum Seemane", "Kannula Kaasa Kattappa", etc.
In 2006 he was also seen as the presenter of the Tamil television program 'Jodi Numero Unu - Season 1'.
In addition to acting, dancing and hosting, he also reviewed Malaysian realities such as' Super Dancer Junior ',' Dance Dance ',' Let's Dance ',' Let's Dance Season 2- '3'.
We only use branded memory modules from leading manufacturers which includes but is not limited to :- Samsung, Hynix and Micron.
Every memory product matched specifically to your machine is individually tested to guarantee reliability and 100% compatibility with your computer and operating system.
Feel confident that your memory will last a lifetime. Our limited lifetime warranty guarantees that if your memory should ever fail we will replace or repair the product free of charge provided that it is still manufactured.
Charleston, WV – The mountains of West Virginia will be receiving more natural snow in the next couple of days, as two more resorts, Winterplace in Raleigh County and Timberline Resort in Tucker County open for the season. Timberline will begin offering skiing and snowboarding on Friday (tomorrow) and Winterplace will be dropping the ropes on Sunday. Canaan Valley Resort, also in Tucker County, is scheduled to open for the season on December 26.
In addition to this week’s natural snow, the temperatures in the higher elevations are now very good for snowmaking operations, allowing the resort’s to cover the slopes as quick as possible. The snowmakers at all of the resorts are working around the clock to provide the holiday skiers and snowboarders as much open terrain as possible. When snowmaking conditions were at their best this week (in the teens), over 20,000 tons of snow was being produced in West Virginia per hour, that’s enough snow to cover 20 football fields with a foot of snow made each hour.
Early season reservations have been strong as the resorts are again projecting to attract around 800,000 visitors to the mountains. “It’s great to get open and operating for the season,” says Terry Pfeiffer, President of Winterplace and the West Virginia Ski Areas Association. “If the current weather conditions continue, we will be in very good shape for the upcoming critical holiday season.” The top states providing skiers and snowboarders to West Virginia slopes are Virginia, North Carolina, Ohio and Florida.
The ski and snowboard season traditionally, weather permitting, continues through early April. The five-month long ski season in West Virginia has an estimated economic impact of over $250 million and 5,000 jobs at the resorts and other related companies.
Our Mission is to provide the youth of the City of Long Beach and surrounding communities an affordableplace to play ice hockey while maintaining afocus on having fun, quality coaching andcontinual skill development throughout all levels.
The name Joe Brand has been synonymous with the Long Island hockey coaching scene for over 25 years. His coaching positions are numerous and his knowledge, accolades, and championships for that matter, are unmatched. Known as a “players coach” by those who have played for him, Joe has consistently groomed players for the Junior and College ranks. His greatest success would have to be at the High School level. During his time behind the bench of the Long Beach High School Marines, he has amassed 9 County Championships, 3 New York State Titles, a National Tournament appearance along with 2 Junior Varsity County Championships and 3 Middle School County Championships. To honor his dedication to the game and the great success he has had, he was presented with an award from the former City of Long Beach Recreation Commissioner, Robert Carroll, in 2000 naming him Long Beach's "Mr. Hockey".
Joe has coached youth hockey on Long Island at nearly every level, spending time with the Nassau County Lions, Lady Islanders and most recently with Long Beach Lightning as coach of the Squirt, Pee-Wee, Bantam and Midget teams. He was the acting hockey director from 2000-2008 at the Long Beach Arena where he was responsible for returning the program to the success it once was in the late 80’s and early 90’s.
As a player, Joe was a member of the first ever Long Beach ice hockey team, was a four-year letterman at St. Mary’s High School in Manhasset and went on to play at SUNY-Cortland in the early 80’s.
After graduating college, Joe returned to his home town and ran a prominent local business until 2001 when he joined the City of Long Beach staff. He served as the Commissioner of Parks and Recreation from 2004 - 2012 and was integral in the department’s success and the City’s operation of the ice arena. Joe is now the proud owner/operator of Brand's Deli in Long Beach which opened in May 2012. To those who know him best “he’s a hockey guy who is generous to a fault. ”
Keith’s passion and commitment to the game of hockey can be seen through the multiple positions he holds within the sport. He is a player, coach, administrator, rink employee, and one of the founders of the Long Beach Lightning Youth Hockey Organization. Don’t be fooled when you meet him for the first time, his Bronx neighborhood upbringing gives him a rough exterior, but his kind hearted nature makes him the perfect candidate for a youth hockey coach.
Keith has been Joe Brand’s side-kick behind the Long Beach High School Marines bench since 2002. His resume of wins is impressive. 7 County Championships, 3 New York State Titles, a National Championship appearance, 1 JV County Championship, and a Middle School County Championship. In 2008 and 2009 Keith was selected to coach the Nassau County High School Hockey All Star team as they took on the Suffolk County All Star's in the Lighthouse Cup. Keith also led the Long Beach Apple Core Mite team to a successful inaugural season in 2009 as their head coach.
Keith moved to Long Beach at age 12 and started his hockey career. He attended Kellenberg high school from 1992-1994 where he played hockey for two seasons then transferred to Long Beach High School and served as an alternate captain his senior year.
Keith currently works for the City of Long Beach as an ice arena employee. In his position he is not only responsible for the smooth operation of the facility, but through his efforts he ensures that hockey remains a focus in the community. As a member of the Board of Directors Keith serves as a liaison between the City of Long Beach and Long Beach Lightning.
“Geno” as he is called by friends has been around the game for over 45 years. Now over 50, he’s still playing men’s league keeping up with the 20 year olds fresh out of college. Gene played his youth hockey here on Long Island, attended the hockey powerhouse St. Mary’s High School where he was a defenseman and went on to play four seasons with the LI Digs Junior team in the early 80’s.
Not only has Gene seen the game through the player’s eyes, he has also seen it from a parent’s perspective. With two children having gone through the youth hockey gamut Gene understands the family commitment required to have a child in the sport.
As a coach Gene has had success with the Long Beach Middle School hockey program, leading them to multiple winning seasons. His success as a coach can be attributed to his laid-back, positive demeanor which allows him to not only coach his players, but “teach” them as well. Gene has brought that “teaching” style to Long Beach Lightning and has been a member of the Squirt coaching staff for the past three seasons.
Gene has been a member of the Long Beach Lightning family since its inception in 2009 not only as a coach but also as the organization’s Alternate Governor and accountant. He volunteers his time strictly because he loves of the game and wants to do what is right for the children of this community. Not once has Gene asked for anything in return. Gene is a CPA by profession and operates his own accounting firm in the West End of Long Beach.
Noel brings 30 years of hockey experience to the Long Beach Lightning organization. A product of the Long Beach hockey system, he grew up playing for the Apple Core program, as well as Long Beach High School, where he captained the team to two Nassau County Championships and two state title appearances. His fondest hockey memory came as a Pee-Wee when he competed in the renowned Quebec International Pee-Wee Tournament as a member of the Jr. Islanders. Noel was twice invited to represent New York State as a member of the Select ‘15’ and Select ‘17’ teams that competed in St. Cloud, MN as part of USA Hockey’s Player Development Camps. A two time captain for Suffolk PAL’s Junior program, he helped them to capture a Metropolitan Junior Hockey League title and a Junior “B” National Championship Tournamnt appearance in ‘99-’00.
Noel earned himself the opportunity to play college hockey at the NCAA Division I level and signed with Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, CT in 2001. From 2001-2006, Noel appeared in nearly every game for the Pioneers. He captained the team his final two seasons, capturing a SHU record setting 21 victories in the 2005-2006 season and making it to the Atlantic Hockey League Championship his Junior year. Noel was the recipient of numerous scholar-athlete awards during his tenure at Sacred Heart and earned both his Bachelor’s degree and MBA from the University.
Noel has assisted as a coach at various hockey programs. During his college years he was an instructor at the Micro-Hockey clinic’s in Bridgeport, CT and ran the City of Long Beach House League program from 2009-2010 during his time as the arena’s hockey director. Noel's most recent coaching position was with the LBL Mite team during the 2011-2012 season. Noel has previously worked as a freelance event planner concentrating his efforts in the sports industry and holding positions with companies such as ESPN and The National Hockey League.
Noel handles many of the administrative functions and behind the scenes tasks for the organization. He is passionate about keeping true to the Mission and Philosophy of Long BeachLightning and operating within the USA Hockey Sanctioned ‘American Development Model’.
Boston Red Sox at Texas Rangers - Free MLB Pick for July 3rd. Red Sox vs Rangers – MLB Pick for July 3rd. 664 x 334 pixels
Homers from Steve Pearce, J.D. Martinez give Boston Red Sox 5-0 win .... Boston Red Sox's Steve Pearce, center, is congratulated by Xander Bogaerts after his two. 600 x 382 pixels
Boston Red Sox vs. Texas Rangers - ESPN Play. Boston Red Sox vs. Texas Rangers Watch this and thousands of games from the sports you love.. 640 x 360 pixels
Boston Red Sox carry six-game win streak into series vs. Texas .... Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Eduardo Rodriguez (57) pitches against the Washington Nationals during the fourth inning on July 4, 2018 at Nationals Park .... 600 x 399 pixels
Red Sox vs. Rangers: Back home and on top of the world - Over the .... He will give it to YOU! Winslow Townson-USA TODAY Sports. 1200 x 800 pixels
Boston Red Sox vs Texas Rangers - MLB Pick for May 3rd. Red Sox vs Rangers – MLB Pick for May 3rd. 664 x 334 pixels
Daily Inter Lake - Washington DC News, Martinez (28th homer) leads .... Martinez (28th homer) leads Red Sox to 5-0 win over Rangers 5. 381 x 512 pixels
Martinez (28th homer) leads Red Sox to 5-0 win over Rangers .... Martinez (28th homer) leads Red Sox to 5-0 win over Rangers. 1200 x 800 pixels
Martinez (28th homer) leads Red Sox to 5-0 win over Rangers. Fans try to catch the ball on a three run home run by Boston Red Sox's J.D. Martinez during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers .... 418 x 500 pixels
Texas Rangers vs. Boston Red Sox - 7/5/17 MLB Pick, Odds, and .... Texas Rangers vs. Boston Red Sox - 7/5/17 MLB Pick,. 650 x 431 pixels
MLB - Texas Rangers vs. Boston Red Sox - July 11 2018 | Vegas Stats .... Rangers Texas Rangers. 600 x 600 pixels
Martinez (28th homer) leads Red Sox to 5-0 win over Rangers | Boston .... Texas Rangers starting pitcher Mike Minor walks away from the mound as Boston Red Sox's Steve Pearce rounds the bases on a two run home run during the first .... 640 x 360 pixels
Complaints, if any, from the candidates regarding the answer keys, with valid proof, may be sent to the Deputy Director(EDP), LBS Centre for Science and Technology, Palayam, Thiruvananthapuram, so that it may reach his office within five working days from the date of publication of answer keys. Complaints not substantiated with supporting documents will not be considered. The envelope containing the complaint should be superscribed with 'SET-Feb-2018- Complaints regarding answer keys'. Complaints through email will be entertained only if it is supported with written documents by post, and such complaints with documents should also be received in this office within the prescribed time limit.The complaint should be accompanied with a DD for Rs.300/- for each question challenged by the candidates. The DD should be drawn from any branch of a nationalised bank in favour of the Director, LBS Centre payable at Thiruvananthapuram. If the complaint/complaints regarding a question or questions is/are found genuine the fee remitted for that question/questions will be refunded to the complainant.
The Long Beach Unified School District remains committed to providing high quality music programs. Developments in the law prohibiting public schools from charging students most educational fees, however, are changing the way instrumental music instruction is offered statewide, including here.
The prohibition against charging students for participation in certain educational activities will affect a number of areas of education. For instrumental music, that means LBUSD is planning to provide a musical instrument for any child who wants to participate in the program, free of charge. Parents cannot be required to rent or buy their child’s instrument.
Billions of dollars in statewide cuts to public schools have made the situation all the more challenging.
For now, the most noticeable changes to music programs this year are affecting the elementary grades. While elementary parents can still be encouraged to voluntarily buy or rent an instrument for their child, there is a need for thousands of musical instruments at local schools. Monetary donations toward the cause are being accepted by the nonprofit Long Beach Education Foundation at lbschools.net/give.
Do you have a dusty, lonely instrument that needs a child? Both new and good quality, functioning used instruments are being accepted. Call 997-8175 to donate instruments, or bring instruments to a collection day scheduled for 9 a.m. to noon Saturday, Nov. 5 at the Teacher Resource Center, Room C, 1299 E. 32nd St., Signal Hill.
As the school district gathers additional instruments, elementary parents are noticing a few changes to music programs. Elementary students who are interested in instrumental music are being selected for the programs this month on a lottery basis. Once those students are selected, schools determine how many of those students choose to provide their own instruments. Remaining instruments at each school will be offered to students on a waiting list.
Most of the interested LBUSD students are being accommodated through the lottery approach, but only because elementary students this year are sharing sets of instruments and cannot take them home to practice. Parents are advised not to buy or rent an instrument until their child is accepted via the lottery process.
In addition to the lottery approach, LBUSD has suspended third grade strings along with beginning woodwinds and brass in fourth and fifth grades this year. Remaining programs at the elementary level include beginning and advanced violin in fourth and fifth grades, and advanced winds in fifth grade. The school district aims to restore the suspended programs when it has enough musical instruments.
Nearly 1,000 violins are needed for fourth and fifth graders at a cost of about $265,000, said James Petri, LBUSD music curriculum leader. Petri estimates that about 275 trumpets are needed in fourth and fifth grades at a cost of about $126,000.
Music programs at several LBUSD schools have earned national honors for their excellence, including GRAMMY Signature School awards. Students here routinely perform with some of the world’s top musicians at national and international festivals.
“We intend to maintain our long tradition of musical excellence,” Petri said. “But the need for instruments is great. Our schools and students need help.”
Students involved in music have been shown to perform better academically. Their academic achievement can be directly related to the discipline required to learn music, as this discipline transfers to other subjects of study.
The blind man would not give up cricket final selected Australia national team – Beijing, Beijing, February 2, according to Australian news report, Adelaide Australia a man fond of playing cricket, his dream is to become a member of the Australian national cricket team, even after suffering from eye diseases, he still insist on practice. Recently, he finally got what he wanted to do – representing Australia and the cricket national team. Palmer, the blind cricket player, has recently joined the Australian national team in the cricket match against the United kingdom. It ended up losing the game, but it was Palmer’s dream. He said, "when I was a kid, I dreamed that I would someday be able to take part in the international cricket competition in Australia. Now my dream has come true." It is reported that the blind cricket will use a special ball, blind cricket came entirely by the sound of the bearing to decide their own actions, that sound is like a baby. Palmer because of retinitis pigmentosa, he is now only 10% of vision remains, he said, from the traditional cricket to play blind cricket is a "great heart adjustment for him".
Hello everyone, this is couple HAIRYNUBIAN here. I'm 18 year old Female speak English in the couple live sex chat action. hairy and big tits horny girl for you, want to suck me and get lost in my hairy bush?? can make my booty clap for you. hot and young girl for your viewing pleasure. hairy toys ass play live orgasm striptease is my expertise and also what I will do in couple live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Black hairs and my measurements are 36-26-28. For Turn ons: kisses. For TurnsOff: hmmmmm try to. If you prefer kinks, then Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my couple live webcam sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is kinky cam girl PervertedSHOW here. I'm 22 year old Female speak English and Russian in the fetish live sex chat action. I like interesting meeting with people. Conversation and fun. And I will try that you feel comfortable with me.. Enter my roon and you are happy chuapar your cock you`ll sit up and kiss you all over mmm bb, be your naughty girl fulfill your fantasies anal, oral, role play, feet, heels, naughty fuck hard♥♥♥♥. My wet pussy is always hungry for your cock...mmmmmm It needs to SQUIRT so bad!! is my expertise and also what I will do in private fetish live sex show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Brown hairs and my measurements are 36-31-36. For Turn ons: finger pussy,anal,squirt ,double penetration,hot wax,panties in pussy,fist whole hand. For TurnsOff: ♥♥♥♥♥I`m very sad that you ask me naked in free :( :( :(. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Tattoos,Shaved,Branded, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u at my fetish live sex chat room! :)
The demands of the electorate are beginning to get to Jackson; Lorelai and Rory delicately nudge Richard and Emily closer together; Lorelai decides that a double date with Rory and Dean is the way to smooth over the bumps in her relationship with Dean, but the evening goes awry when Luke can't get over feeling that Dean isn't good enough for Rory; Richard takes up a new hobby,…
Chamber Office Closed-Christmas - Dec 25, 2018 - Mississippi Gulf Coast Chamber of Commerce, Inc., MS
© Copyright 2018 Mississippi Gulf Coast Chamber of Commerce, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Site provided by GrowthZone - powered by ChamberMaster software.
Connecting with Art History Tutors at MSJC is easy on Uloop.com. Browse for MSJC Art History Tutors and more in and around San Jacinto, CA. You can check out Art History Tutors listings from Mt. San Jacinto College students and profiles from local San Jacinto residents. To make things easier, you can narrow your MSJC Art History Tutors search down using filters to refine results and enhance your tutor search experience. Share relevant MSJC Art History tutors with Mt. San Jacinto College classmates to make the tutor search process even faster for them. Utilize Uloop.com to find MSJC Art History tutors today!
Business and Economy/Shopping and Services/Home and Garden/Lawn and Garden/Seeds/ add URL form page to submit site, add URL, and suggest site in Bhanvad.com website directory.
Business and Economy/Shopping and Services/Home and Garden/Lawn and Garden/Seeds/ add URL, Business and Economy/Shopping and Services/Home and Garden/Lawn and Garden/Seeds/ submit site, Business and Economy/Shopping and Services/Home and Garden/Lawn and Garden/Seeds/ suggest site,
The data relating to real estate for sale on this site comes in part from the Broker Reciprocity program of the Regional Multiple Listing Service of Minnesota, Inc. Real Estate listings held by brokerage firms other than this broker are marked with the Broker Reciprocity logo or the Broker Reciprocity house icon and detailed information about them includes the names of the listing brokers. This broker is not a Multiple Listing Service MLS, nor does it offer MLS access. This website is a service, a broker Participant of the Regional Multiple Listing Service of Minnesota, Inc. Open House information is subject to change without notice.
Move-in condition home with 3 bedrooms on main level. Main level full bath completely updated in 2018. New washer/dryer. Hardwood floors. Newer vinyl windows. Low Maintenance metal siding. Spacious lower level family/amusement room. Furnace and central a/c condenser were replaced in 2015. Large 22x17 back yard patio and extra parking space. Large and level back yard. Attractive, low traffic neighborhood. Convenient location to shopping, services, and downtown St. Paul
St. Paul - West is located in Minnesota. St. Paul - West, Minnesota 55118 has a population of 19,727.
The median household income in St. Paul - West, Minnesota 55118 is $45,392. The median household income for the surrounding county is $74,995 compared to the national median of $53,482. The median age of people living in St. Paul - West 55118 is 39.6 years.
©2017 BHH Affiliates, LLC. Real Estate Brokerage Services are offered through the network member franchisees of BHH Affiliates, LLC. Most franchisees are independently owned and operated. Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices and the Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices symbol are registered service marks of HomeServices of America, Inc.® Equal Housing Opportunity. - Agents Only
Stunning farmhouse on a hill! Hidden from the road and situated on 5 acres high above an expansive ravine, this home offers breath-taking views with ample flat yard to play. The original farmhouse was built in 1910 with a custom addition from 2009 which offers modern comforts, vast interior spaces, a 3-story turret, and an unfinished attic roughed in for heat, A/C, & plumbing! This home is heated with efficient radiant heat and is extremely well insulated. A rare Woodbury treasure! East Ridge HS
The median household income in Woodbury, Minnesota 55129 is $98,974. The median household income for the surrounding county is $83,182 compared to the national median of $53,482. The median age of people living in Woodbury 55129 is 36.2 years.
This content last refreshed on 11/12/2018 2:23 PM. Some properties which appear for sale on this web site may subsequently have sold or may no longer be available.
I am one of those many women who take offence to most of your blogs. It’s not only your poor use of grammar, esthetic use of punctuation, or shabby attempt at humor, but it’s also the way you portray women in your blogs and movies. Personally, I find you make too much unreasonable fun of women and not enough reasonable fun of men. I believe Mini has a right to be annoyed but you don’t want to take her seriously. Yoo are cocky and arrogant and I wish you a bad woman.
I am not sure if you are really offended by the blogs or the fact that Mini is having a hard time with me. I think most women would have a HARD time with me but I am not going to use this blog for cheap advertisement and ego inflation.
It’s about time I reveal to you who Mini really is – she is a blog character who lives somewhere in my head, and speaks incessantly, but with a pleasing tone, crossing and uncrossing her legs at the most inappropriate times while I am looking from the most appropriate angle. Mini is a combination of women I have met, liked and feared. Some I have met in person, while others I have met via email, movies, umbrella, runaway-car, blog, and divine intervention (according to them that is). Apart from her taste in clothes, choice of interviewees, and amazing leg-crossing skills, Mini may not be the woman of my dreams but just a woman in my dreams. Mini, like Aka, is a work in progress and you never know what they would do next, or where they may do it. Stay tuned.
In real life, I find women are frighteningly intelligent and accurately perceptive, that is why I make so much fun of them via blog. I am afraid, very afraid to do so in person because I want to live and blog longer. My humor is my way of reducing that fear and it’s the equivalent to whistling in the dark, or telling a joke in the cemetery at midnight while searching for spare body parts on Halloween night.
Yoo are cocky and arrogant. Was that a typoo or meant to show disrespect for aka? No offence taken so it must be a typoo. Doesn’t cocky mean arrogant? In a man’s world cocky doesn’t mean arrogant so thanks.
My name is not as important as I am, and I am not very important. Also, it should be obvoius that the content of this blog is copyrighted by the owner of this blog and may not be reproduced without permission. Maybe you are wondering who in their right mind will ever want to copy anything from this blog. I am wondering that as well but having the right mind isn't as common as you may think.
Home > Public Events & Appearances > 2016 > 24th January - Doing Press at the Sundance Film Festival for "Certain Women"
Up to now I had only read some of Asimov's science fiction work, so when I came across this mystery I didn't know what to expect, but thought I'd give it a try.
I liked how he wrote himself into the story. It was done in a way that really worked, and those were the scenes that really made me laugh.
PHOTO: KRISTIAN BERTEL - At the entrance of the Red Fort in Agra, India, a mother with her child is begging in the effort to get money. The fort can be more accurately described as a walled city. Two of the Agra fort's gates are notable: the "Delhi Gate" and the "Lahore Gate." The Lahore Gate is also popularly also known as the Amar Singh Gate, for Amar Singh Rathore. The photo captured above is part of a selected images from the photographer.
As a Christ-follower, wife, stay at home mom, blogger, author, and advanced heart failure patient, my desire is to encourage others in those same roles, through honest and real conversation. May you be inspired to embrace YOUR story of God’s grace in your own life, through simple, grace-filled living.
If you live in West Michigan, check out Making Prime's Meat Market, where you can buy meat from locally raised, grain-fed cows (click the picture for more information)!
"This book will show you how God is in the midst of every situation. The author has an amazing story but many of her points hit close to home and made me more aware of His daily presence in my life too. Great read! I couldn't put it down!"
Kristin Sterk does an incredible job bringing the reader into her story and the faithfulness of God. Her writing style is so engaging and quick-paced that the book is hard to put down. As you find yourself wrapped up in these stories of struggles, joys, hopes, and challenges, you'll discover that you too are "experiencing more of God."
"This is a book that I couldn’t put down. There is so much raw emotion and it just touches your soul. You are up and down as the author shares her heart. It is so refreshing to read something that is totally truthful. You won’t regret buying this book."
"First, her writing style moves quickly, very engaging, transparent and an easy read. Second, and more importantly, you will be blown away by how God shows His grace AND reveals His face in the darkest of times and in the most unlikely circumstances. There are no coincidences, mistakes or surprises when it comes to God’s plan for each one of us, as is so clearly evident throughout the pages of this book."
"What an amazing story of God's grace in the midst of trials. You will not be able to put this book down. For anyone going through a tough time, this book will lift you up and remind you that God is good and present even during the worst times of your life. Heartfelt and beautifully written."
Wuxi Departments of Tourism, Transport, Work Safety and Fire Jointly Carry Out Inspections of Aquatic Tourism Safety
The summer holiday is the peak season for aquatic travels. In order to ensure the practical implementation of aquatic tourism security work, safeguard the legal rights of the tourists, enable tourism enterprises to raise an awareness of assuming safety responsibility, take safety precautions in flood season and summer holiday and avoid water safety accidents, Wuxi People’s Government Work Safety Committee Office has established a joint supervision group, with Wuxi Administration of Tourism, Wuxi Administration of Transport, Wuxi Administration of Work Safety and Wuxi Fire Department involved, to coordinate the specific inspection work, following the instructions to further strengthen waterborne transport safety from the State Council Work Safety Committee Office Supervision Group and relevant leaders in Wuxi and obeying Management Measures of Jiangsu Inland River Waterborne Travels Safety.
The joint supervision group asks those that don’t conform with safety regulations, for instance, not having complete rules and standard machine accounts, without clear safety signs, not establishing tourist evaluation system, not putting up safety signs for special groups (the old, children, and the disabled), without welltrained safety guardians, with inconvenience of getting life jackets, and with safety hazard of old electric wires, to rectify the defects, and reports these findings to the Municipal Department of Work Safety in time.
The joint inspection group requires that all enterprises operating aquatic travels should seriously act on national work safety teleconference spirits under the guidance of General Secretary Xi Jinping’s Important Instructions on Work Safety, fully realize the significance of the special inspections for promoting and ensuring longterm stable safety of waterborne transport in the area, attach great importance to seasonal influence brought by summer holiday, typhoon, flood season, etc. on aquatic travel safety, strengthen management and make specific and realistic selfcheck programs, taking practical water safety work into account, to eliminate all kinds of safety hazards as soon as possible and ensure the waterborne travel safety.
As unpleasant as the task is, estate planning is one of the necessities of life. Knowing your hard-earned assets will be dealt with in the manner you choose provides peace of mind.
For business owners, a plan for succession of ownership is essential. We can guide you through the process of providing for business continuity.
The executor and trustee of a will are required to perform a number of duties. At GPK we are experienced in working closely with your legal advisor to provide estate planning guaranteed to achieve a result which is best for your family.
However, some of our lower ability students have struggled with text based programming and the Python IDLE IDE, so I was also keen to give them the option of using the blocks on the BBC Micro:Bit site. This gives them a simulator to use at home (we are not giving out Microbits to Year 9s, just using them in class).
So this is our ​Scheme of Learning, these are the slides, 9_3_01_Microbit_Introduction, (based on Alexander Hadwen-Bennett’s slides) and this is the List of Programs to try. This is Pete Dring’s Python Simulator (for testing home learning), and the BBC site’s Block programming editor and index here.
Update: following the success of the Microbits enthusing students, as a department, we have identified opportunities for the following:
Year 7 – we have added Microbits to the current Year 7 Graphics unit by using the various BBC Block programs to show 5×5 pixels working; different brightnesses; images and animations. This will build on Block programming in Unit 2 Scratch.
Year 9 will be a Microbits 2 Unit with binary between Microbits and Bit:BotRobots. I have just ordered 18 from Rapid Electronics (Sept17). I can fit 6 in a box like the ones above.
*** I am running a 2 day course at York Stem Centre “Micro:bit in secondary computing CY224” with @PDDring and @CLCSimon on 20th and 21st November 2017.
"Competent and confident teachers and students focussed on purposeful learning using technology when needed that is simple to use and works between home and at school".
In April 2015, I was the technical project manager of six software teams all working on one gigantic project. It was the biggest challenge the company had ever taken on. The goal: create and stand up a transaction account product for small and medium business so that we could apply for an unrestricted bank license.
We were 12 months in and were about to finish the project bang on the week we’d estimated, when the inevitable happened: we received a new raft of requirements that would add at least another 3 months of work. The extra work wasn’t glamorous; it was mostly security enhancements, disaster recovery preparation, and a complicated behind-the-scenes tweak of the product that added little benefit for users but was a requirement from a regulatory point of view.
Understandably, morale took a hit, but we needed to keep the pace up or we’d risk missing the deadline we’d been set for acquiring our license. After an interesting discussion with my father-in-law about the project, I found a new perspective on where we were at, and it prompted me to write the internal blog below to help motivate the team towards our final goal. Continue reading →
There would be few adults in the western world who have not heard of Steve Jobs. A pioneer of personal computing, an entrepreneur of unrivalled clout, one-time owner of the world’s most successful digital animation studio, the man who took the helm of an almost bankrupt computer company and transformed it into the most valuable business in the world.
Posted in Blog	| Tagged ambition, career, choice, entrepreneurship, focus, goals, life, motivation, sacrifice, skateboarding, steve-jobs, success, tony-hawk	| Leave a reply
Two weeks ago I published a post titled ‘Why Smart Software Teams Don’t Need Senior Developers, Tech Leads or Architects‘. I received a lot of good feedback, but I also know it was a long read. So, if you’re interested by the title but are looking for a quick brain dump rather than an enjoyable read, here’s the abridged version:
We don’t hire for, or use, titles like Graduate Developer, Junior Developer, Senior Developer, Tech Lead or Architect. Everyone has the title ‘Software Engineer’.
This is an important part of Tyro’s Engineering team culture. Here are the reasons… Continue reading →
We’ve almost doubled our Engineering team at Tyro Payments over the last financial year and we’ll be adding that many again this year.
Most people who’ve worked in or with software teams would imagine that within this surge of hiring we’ve been filling all kinds of different roles – Graduate Developers, Junior Developers, Seniors, a couple of Tech Leads, maybe an Architect. But the truth is we’ve only been hiring for one role: Software Engineer. In fact, it’s the only development role on our team, and it’s the title we give to everyone on the tools, whether they have 20 years’ experience or none. This isn’t just some convenience we came up with to save ourselves HR work. It’s an incredibly important part of the culture at Tyro. Why? Continue reading →
Personal tax reform program or completed the second half will be part of the implementation-ghost observer
Crude steel production rebounded in the off-season and steel prices rose after the festival-guitarpro5
The man is round dreams show director three prosecutors buy housing units need to be cautious (video-www.cmechina.net
Zhu Kejiang will serve as president of Guoxin Provincial Committee and no longer serve as secretary -e3300
28 provinces released the first three quarters of GDP growth, Anhui growth rate ranked first five-sql server 2000 个人版
Changsha, a woman fried lard lead to fire in the kitchen, enthusiastic neighbors to help (video)-www.henhen.com
Hangzhou mobile phone control men often finger pain or suffering from tenosynovitis due to playing s-gamelink
Pakistan responded to protests in India Ba is the biggest importer of arms sales to India-zhuxianduowan
Hefei intends to stop charging the use fee of cruising taxi operation — Anhui channel people’s netw-kasey chase
Viewpoint market performance after AIA warrant reversing or to pay attention to its subscription car-war3.replays.net
Wang Yi meets with Kerrey do not want to see American warships coming to the South China Sea again-ca1834
Comments received Hong Kong Hang Seng Index rose 2.52% real estate stocks strong oil stocks-www.cqpx.cc
Last year, 1 trillion and 500 billion of China’s overseas consumption was at least 700 billion for s-www.7808.cn
The Department of homeland listed 8 cases of the government is still serious illegal land – F-candy boy
Pessimism is a spent force of short covering focus on three opportunities – Securities Sohu-carmex润唇膏
The Commission focused on the development of new space The Belt and Road three strategic focus-incubus
Dad bear children try out Alipay password to play the game to spend 10 thousand yuan – Sohu news-7470d
Chongqing, the reform of the supply side to reduce the cost of enterprises, housing prices are downs-plants war
Yu Xuejun monetary supervision faces challenges and suggests moderate tightening of macro-control-mycoolboy
Hongkong flu activity rose a week recorded 30 cases of serious cases 10 deaths – Sohu news-liuxiaobo
The Hong Kong insurance insurance firms in Hong Kong to tighten UnionPay gratified to pay credit car-www.ncss.org.cn
Deputy Prime Minister of Latvia to encourage enterprises to seize the China opportunity – in the new-vidown
Zhengzhou medical insurance reimbursement will no longer distinguish between urban and rural areas f-plustek
A 32 year old man looking for father refused money smashed more than 10 cars for any district-alienware m17x
China Merchants Fund guaranteed Legion advantage, net worth of all units more than 1 yuan – fund cha-footman
The man killed his ex-wife because of his uncontrollable quarrel and cried many times at the trial-www.haole55.com
Flower Tian Junior Competition fighting game on March occupation sea put forward new questions-www.yn111.net
Beijing new housing transaction price continued thirty thousand in May, second-hand housing transact-pr011.msi
            //if the IK is not active, set the position and rotation of the hand and head back to the original position
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking! We are now arriving in North Africa, we'll spend the next weeks travelling through Maghreb and Egypt. We really hope you are in a mood for dancing because we are!
I'm very happy to spend some time here! The music is really gorgeous and it reminds me of my young years when I could spend hours near the maghrebian tapes stands at local market. They where pumping their loud sound all around, mixing with coriander and spicy smells...
We'll start our journey with CHANTS ET DANSES DES PAYS ARABES (musidisc 30-CV-1378 from 1976), a wonderfull LP by Abdu El Hamid and his orchestra. They forgot to tell us where those musicians are from on the cover and made quite a bunch of misspelling errors. Otherwise they did a pretty good introduction job with traditionnal and popular songs from Algeria, Tunisia and Egypt: Men and woman vocals, darbuka and other percussions, banjo, mandolin, violin and flutes... Don't break your back trying to belly dance, we need you in good shape for next week!
Here we are in Sidi Mansour (Tunisia). The weather is nice, the sea and mountains too! While we are visiting the place, we enjoy some music...
It seems like Mohamed Jerrari had a big hit in 1979 with this popular song: SIDI MANSOUR (EP on ENNA SHAM, STD 35C). There is at least six different editions of this 7' and you can find some versions of Sidi Mansour from other bands too...
Ladies & gentlemen, It seems like some of you hurt their back last week dancing with us on Tamouré. The survivors will have to meet our crew at the local airport as today we'll ear the sweet voices of MANUIA & MAEVA: OTUITUI TAHITI (Reo Tahiti Records RT520 from the mid 60's).
The Lp we got today is "one of a kind" (well, I hope I'm wrong). Take 2 air hostesses from UTA, Tahitian ones off course and if possible sisters, get some keyboards, drums and guitars, mix all together and you'll get this refreshing record "OTUITUI TAHITI".
The tittle is the contraction of the name of 2 tahitian hit songs and that's all we'll get here, 12 songs composed by Yves Roche or Eddie Lund brilliantly turned into some 60's tahitian rock & roll with the sweet voices of the Maraeauia sisters that comes and go, together or on solos.
This record is for sure one of my favourite tahitian 60's lp and I can remember the day I found it at a flea market, it came from an old man who was workingon a boat at this time and who was selling his memories for a few coins... Thanks to him!
The largest cycling discussion forum in Australia for all things bike; from new riders to seasoned bike nuts, the Australian Cycling Forums are a welcoming community where you can ask questions and talk about the type of bikes and cycling topics you like.
Good information. Lucky me I ran across your site by chance (stumbleupon). I have saved as a favorite for later!
Nice weblog right here! Additionally your website loads up very fast! What web host are you the use of? Can I am getting your associate hyperlink to your host? I desire my web site loaded up as quickly as yours lol
I'm pretty average, really, I shouldn't really have any complaints, but I'm always depressed. I push a lot of my friends away eventually with my self hatred. Every girl I've been with broke up with me because I'm to clingy, except for one, who I broke up with because she cheated on me. I just don't understand why I can't buck up and be cheery. I've tried therapists, talking to people, not talking to people. It doesn't seem fair that so many people out there have valid reasons to be sad, and here I am, with a perfectly adequate life, wanting to kill myself for weeks at a time. I can't even do anything productive, seeing as I'm always sure I'll fail. I feel I'm just taking up space... But suicide is "wrong" so I'm stuck here, enjoying little of the good life I have, loving parents, a few really good friends, even a pretty good computer. I gave up on god knowing that if he does exist, he creates horrible things for no good reason I can see.
Some omnivores seem to be so centered around always having meat or dairy or eggs in every meal, but there is a whole world of food out there that is none of those things. People think veganism is restrictive, but since going vegan I find my food options are ever expanding as I discover new ingredients or techniques. I love vegan versions of meat and cheese sometimes, but I mostly love exploring all the other options. And it doesn't mean that it needs to be fancy or hard. Noodles, pasta, stir-fries, soups, stews.... The list is endless.
Many of my cookbooks hit this brief, though today I am going to do a mini round-up of Naturally Lean by Allyson Kramer. While the book is designed to come into 300 calories or less for each serving, I don't pay attention to that. But it is a great book for tasty and healthy options. The book is divided into ingredient chapters - greens & crucifers, hearty grains, fabulous fruits, nuts & seeds, legumes, and squash, roots, & mushrooms. Recipes range from breakfasts to snacks to meals to desserts.
Choco-Chip, PB, & Banana Oatmeal (Hearty Grains): Allyson refers to this as her favourite oatmeal, and it is a pretty good combination. The oats are cooked (I used oat milk instead of water) and PB is melted into them, then they are topped with banana and cacao nibs (I love cacao nibs... more then chocolate chips!). I sweetened it with maple syrup rather than date sugar. This made a small bowl of oats, though reasonably substantial.
Pad Thai Soba Noodles (Nuts & Seeds): Full disclosure: There is nothing pad thai at all about this dish, it is a pleasant, peanutty and coconutty noodles. First you make the Thai Peanut Dressing recipe on the following page, which is quite a thin and sweet coconutty sauce, I would have liked a bit more peanut and a bit more lime. This is tossed with soba noodles, veggies (I used scallions, carrots, mushrooms and peas), and I added some Japanese Style Marinated tofu because that is how I roll. Using 180g of soba, this made three serves.
Zesty Black Bean Soup (Legumes): I made a half recipe of this and got just over one serving. It is a lovely soup, combining both savoury and sweet aspects. I left out all the chiles, of course, and used carrot instead of capsicum.
Carrot Cake Smoothie (Squash, Roots, & Mushrooms): Carrots, apple, banana and pecans combine to make a very filling smoothie. The recipe calls for 2 cups of almond milk, I used 1.5 cups of oat milk, and got one bit serve (it is meant to serve 2). The best part about it is that it also has molasses, which makes it great! And also it is not too sweet.
'Oh, you were planning on putting this blanket away? I think not!' Sahara had a sixth sense for knowing where potential comfy sleeping spots were. Any sort of blanket or doona piled up was always up for grabs.
With how much I love peanut butter, I can't believe I haven't tried it in oatmeal yet! Sahara looks so glamorous against the purple blanket!
I love it in hot breakfast cereals. It tastes so good, and makes it nice and thick, plus gives a nice filling protein boost.
TR parts and Triumph parts, TR bits, Triumph Car Spares and accessories are available for TR2, TR3, TR3A, TR4, TR4A, TR5, TR6, TR7, TR8, Spitfire and Stag and other TR models are available from British car spares and parts company LBCarCo.
I am moving ahead of schedule on this restoration and thought now would be a good time to gather the following information
It's great that you are ahead of schedule, that must be a first. Here are some generally accepted recommendations:
Spark plugs- any brand will be fine, I have used Champion and NGK, both work well. I see no need for platinum or other expensive plugs. Some guys widen the gap a bit with the Pertronics.
Trans oil- GL-4 rated gear oil is recommended over the later rating, GL-5. They say the 5 has something that attacks brass (synchros). I personally think this is the excuse the aftermarket supplier or manufacturer uses to explain early failure of an inferior product. Some people swear by RedLine gear oil, some even use motor oil.
Coolant- Just use 50/50 antifreeze and water, maybe some better brands have better anti-rust additives. Maybe you like the more environmentally friendly type, I haven't heard that it would be a problem.
Brake fluid- Silicone if you value your paint under the master cylinders. Girling LMA (possibly other DOT 4 fluids too, but not DOT 3!) if you want to stay traditional.
Brake Fluid - I use silicone, but stick with LMA unless you plan on eventually cleaning out all the crud in the wheel cylinders & calipers - you will in a few years.
Hey Brent, at one time I was researching the "red/orange" extended-life coolants for possible use in my six. I was stopped in my tracks by information that it was designed primarily for aluminum systems. Use in our brassy radiators would accelerate corrosion. Have things changed with this stuff?
I hadn't heard that, Rick. I have heard that extended life and regular antifreeze shouldn't be mixed because that will degrade the additives. These links say copper/brass is no problemo.
Thanks for the information. I agree with Brent and want only the best for my LBC, especially after such a loving and extensive restoration!.
I also would like to know what battery the concensus points to, I have heard anywhere from a generic to exotic battery, but would prefer practical advice over pie in the sky approach of non LBC owners.
Were they still using "tar-top" batteries in 1976? Just a consideration if you're going the total original look. The Optimas are tempting, but not needed IMHO. Seeing Die Hard under the hood is a confidence builder. You can get Lucas stickers if you want to..
A word of caution to you. DO NOT put DOT 5 (silicone) brake or clutch fluid in if you are currently DOT 4. The ONLY time you can switch to DOT 5 is after you have FULLY rebuilt all components related to brake or clutch systems.
If you have done a full rebuild of both systems then IMHO DOT 5 is better. Much more expensive, but then silicone does not absorb moisture and as you know, our little treasures sit for many months of the year.
For DOT 4 LMA (low moisture absorbtion) is best.Castrol has a good product called LMX if my memory serves me well.
Copyright 2012 - 2018 Live A Good Life | All Rights Reserved | Powered by ITBusiness Line | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Cookie Policy | GDPR | ANPC | SOL
We use cookies for data analysis purposes and to provide you the best possible experience at Live A Good Life. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and our Terms & Conditions!
To leave a comment, you must have had a paid experience with the performer. The option to rate and comment on the performer is given after your private show had ended.
LiveCamShowZ LIVE SEX CAM is the best quality live webcam available. Chat for free live 1-on-1 with these hotties, watch a show you'll never forget or join in on the action and let them see and hear you with our cam2cam feature! LiveCamShowZ is the most popular live cam community featuring sexy amateurs and pornstars from all over the world.
Ниже представлена подробная статистика блогера ЖЖ mapuyc13, указаны основные SEO показатели журнала, используемые при построении рейтинга блогеров. А также список самых интересных постов блогера.
We constantly check Alexa ratings, so this percentage shows how many times Mediabox.ch appeared in Alexa rankings.
Later on, tps bonded with just-in-time (jit) production philosophies and developed into lean, which was popularized after 1973 reaction paper writing services . However, the quality of q as a reaction coordinate here does not indicate which native contacts are indicative of being on tps and leaves open the possibility that nonnative contacts may also be indicative (but the total number of nonnative contacts, shown in si appendix, fig s3, is not a good folding coordinate) to determine the relevance of . Temporary protected status (tps), codified in ina §244,2 provides temporary lawful status to foreign nationals in the united states from countries experiencing armed conflict, natural disaster, or other extraordinary circumstances that prevent their safe return. Reaction zone of an ablative thermal protection system (tps) material an estimate of the temperature range within which the pyrolysis reaction (decomposition and volatilization) takes place is obtained from ref [1]. Human tryptase (tps) elisa absorbent paper for blotting the microtiter plate enzyme-substrate reaction is terminated by the addition of a sulfuric acid .
Reaction paper guide for classrooms and training 11 suggestions for further readings, websites and videos 13 tools and techniques for family therapy. Paper: disintegration of uranium by neutrons: a new type of nuclear reaction, by lise meitner and or frisch (1939) paper : physical evidence for the division of heavy nuclei under neutron bombardment, by or frisch (1939). In this paper, we address the initial ligand exchange reactions to ligand exchange reaction 2 in scheme 1 the tps method is based on the generation of a set of. A reaction or response paper requires the writer to analyze a text, then develop commentary related to it it is a popular academic assignment because it requires thoughtful reading, research, and writing you can learn how to write a reaction paper by following these writing tips figure out what .
Research toyota production system (tps) and toyota lean enterprise solutions, and also the selected public organization that needs improvement write a 700- to 1,050-word paper in which you benchmark/baseline the lean enterprise organization against toyota. How much does throttle position sensor (tps) replacement cost get an estimate instantly service, parts, cost & recommendations from yourmechanic your definitive guide to throttle position sensor (tps) replacement. Just-in-time (jit) manufacturing, also known as just-in-time production or the toyota production system (tps), is a methodology aimed primarily at reducing flow times within production system as well as response times from suppliers and to customers. Aerodynamic and aerothermal tps instrumentation paper attempts to present a comprehensive document of tps the tps thermal response by measuring its reaction to a.
E-paper home | news haitian legislator, us group urge trump to renew tps for haitians president donald trump and the us department of homeland security to extend temporary protected . This paper describes the reaction of na2co3 fume particles with so2 and 02 this was the first time the reaction has been studied using fume particles simi-. Last month, the trump administration announced that it will end temporary protected status (tps) for immigrants from el salvador tps allows an estimated 200,000 salvadorans to live and work in . A reaction to what happened paper choice or personal writing workshop notebook personal narrative—unit 2 (lesson 3) .
Measurement of nuclear reaction cross sections by using cherenkov radiation toward high-precision proton therapy this paper presents the implementation of tps pet. A reaction/response paper has an introduction, a body, and a conclusion the introduction should contain all the basic information in one or two paragraphs sentence 1 :. The shuttle’s thermal protection system (tps) by dennis r jenkins on paper—but nobody could quite figure out how to make them work thermal protection .
National aeronautics and space administration wwwnasagov 1 matter in reaction (part 1 of 2): [adapted from nasa’s museum in a box] a teacher demonstration what is it. Alert: on july 5, 2018, secretary of homeland security kirstjen m nielsen announced her decision to extend the temporary protected status (tps) designation for yemen for 18 months through march 3, 2020. A reaction paper is a type of written assignment, which requires personal opinion and conclusions on a given article or abstract unlike a summary, a reaction paper should contain your own thoughts on the problem, discussed in the original text. Designed for torque auditing and calibration available in a variety of torque ranges sturdy stainless steel construction can be adapted to any test situation output by means of a six-pin bendix connection.
We can describe the reaction in terms of its strength, or magnitude, and also its direction • chart paper directions explain to your students that you are.
The short paper will be a kind of in depth reaction paper on one of the themes discussed during the course and should draw on at least 2 of the assigned readings reaction papers are short papers in which.
Chemistry modeling for aerothermodynamics and tps dunyou wang1, containing atmosphere and the h2 + c2h reaction presented in this paper illustrates current quantum.
The more i have studied tps and the toyota way, the more i understand that reduce your reports to one piece of paper whenever possible, even for. What's the relationship between qps/tps, response time and number of concurrent users ask question up vote 0 down vote favorite why does paper cut so well. Tps adjustment the throttle position sensor, shift lever, and throttle valve cable are critical to proper operation of the transmission or paper clips can be .
Give your district a Thanksgiving surprise it'll never forget. Join the #HonestBallots Movement. Are you a good listener? Keep your ear to the ground and let us know. Sign Up Do you have an oversight or transparency nightmare to report about your district? Let the whole world know! Oversight Report Card
We'd rather spend your regular taxes on salaries, benefits, and pensions, then make you feel guilty and stick you with the maintenance bill.
Your Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters printed and circulated ballots for this measure that didn't conform to the law. The registrar ignored our Notice and Demand to follow the law. The legislature makes this a crime. (See: How 25 County Registrars Committed A Crime.)
If you want to get really steamed up about the collusion between your Registrar and West Valley-Mission College to lie and cheat in order to steal your taxes, you can read the letter for yourself.
Do you want to give this district a Thanksgiving surprise? Please call or text me (with #HonestBalllots, Santa Clara, 49, and your name) at 909-378-5401 right now for details. It's urgent and very time-sensitive.
This campaign was designed by a member of the school bonds cartel. We figured out just the right words to get you to you to open up your checkbook.
We'd also like to introduce you to our partners -- bond lawyers, brokers, wealthy investors, architects, management firms, construction companies, and trade unions. We all stand to make a ton of money on these bonds. Our profits come right off the top, before a penny is actually spent on improving the facilities.
We're not just doing it for the money. We like to show off our work in Architectural Digest and other places where the rich and famous congregate.
Remember, we've taken a lot of risk. We gave money to get your governing board members elected, so they'd be sure to remember us when we came around for a hand-out later.
Please don't read the fine print. That's just put in by the lawyers to make what we're going to do to for you legal.
When I refer to they, I mean the administrators, staff, deans, and all the title-laden academic bureaucrats, who milk the system to become millionaires on the public dime. These are the people with the $100,000+ salaries and $100,000+ pensions. They like hobnobbing with the rich and famous.
The following facts are general in nature. There are always exceptions to the rule. Some motivated students do make great use of the system. How many, no one knows (purposely). That way they can make all kinds of claims that warm the cockles of your heart, that are based on nothing but anecdotes and wishful thinking. Without parents breathing down their necks, they can get away with anything they want.
This surprised me. How can donors who get tax deductions pay for political campaigns with their donations? Easy! Launder it through community college foundations. More than 90% of community college bond elections are funded solely by the college's charitable foundation. They only get away with it because you don't report it to the FBI and the IRS.
The first virtual community college has already gone online. All those buildings and other facilities are about to become obsolete. Think about all those stadiums and sports complexes the districts want to build. Heck, they could do the web hosting in Estonia and no one would be the wiser.
Unlike K-12, the University of California system, and the California State University System community colleges are not given any recognition in the state constitution. The legislature could end them tomorrow. (The legislature won't because they provide high-paying, unaccountable employment for many public employees.)
A hefty percentage of students spend time hanging out, using all the cool Internet services, smoking weed, and partying.
They have to give their services away for free. College Promise is the latest fraud. The colleges already give away courses to enrolled high school students*, now they're giving course to graduates. This stuff is a way to counteract the lack of interest.
*It's also double dipping, because both the college and the school district get state money for the dually enrolled high school student.
They all compete with each other to get their FTES (full-time equivalent student) (ADA average daily attendance for K-12). Remember back in 2017 when the entire California Community Colleges Chancellor's Office (CCCCO) (another layer of pure bureaucracy) and all the college bureacrats were wetting their diapers when Trump announced that he was ending DACA. One has to wonder if the entire business model, if you can even call it that, is based on a steady stream of government programs.
Unlike free public schools, community colleges can charge for anything. The more revenue streams the better. That's what keeps bureaucrats busy, busy, busy. With a student ID, a lot of stuff is free to use. Even though you pay for it all, if you want to use it, you can't. How much money do you think these districts collect in parking fees and fines every year?
Good luck if you want to find out whether you're getting your money's worth. With the meager and often irrelevant data that the CCCCO collects and it's equally worthless data query tools, you can spend hours trying to compare one college to another and end up giving up. The collleges don't want you to know the facts. Then they can make up their rosy propaganda without anyone being able to hold them accountable.
Since the legislature removed the tuition penalty for out-of-district students, community colleges have become marketing machines, spending huge amounts on recruitment. They recruit students from all over the country and all over the world. Foreign students and out-of-state students are especially lucrative. Athletes from everywhere in the world fill the rosters for sports programs, all paid for with your taxes.
They prefer big-boy or big-girl or big-whatever pants. They like titles like Chancellor, President, CEO, and all the corporate C-level titles. Unlike private corporations, however, they feed at the public trough.
They want always want more money. They've been pushing the legislature for years to get to offer four-year degrees. The pilot programs are being extended.
When you see highlighting in the documents below, hover over CriticalExample commentary. it to see the commentary.
"WEST VALLEY-MISSION COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT LOCAL, AFFORDABLE, CAREER/JOB TRAINING, REPAIR, VETERAN SUPPORT MEASURE. To upgrade educational facilities/technology to prepare students/veterans for 21st-century jobs, university transfer; update science, engineering, math classrooms, labs for nursing/healthcare careers; acquire, construct, repair, classrooms, facilities, sites, equipment; shall West Valley-Mission Community College District's measure authorizing $698,000,000 in bonds at legal rates, levying $13/$100,000 assessed value averaging $39,000,000 annually while bonds are outstanding, be approved, with oversight, audits, no money for administrators' salaries/ pensions?"
Measure W would authorize issuance of $698,000,000 in bonds to fund educational facilities projects in the West Valley-Mission Community College District (District). Such bonds are financial instruments used by districts to borrow money that is repaid by a property tax levy. California law allows community college districts to propose bond measures to authorize the issuance of bonds. To pass, the Measure must be approved by 55 percent of voters who vote in the election. The Measure was put on the ballot by Board of Trustees (Board) of the District.
Money generated by the bonds can only be used for the purposes that are set out in the full text of the Measure. The Measure says that the money could be used for the following purposes, among others:
A complete list of projects and allowed expenditures is included within the full text of the Measure. The Board has certified that it has evaluated safety, class size, and information technology needs in developing its project list.
Under the California Constitution, money generated by community college bond measures cannot be used for teacher and administrator salaries or pensions, or other operating expenses. The California Constitution requires the District to hire an independent professional to annually examine how the District is spending bond money. State law also requires the District to establish an independent citizens' oversight committee to ensure that money generated by the bonds is used only for the projects included in the Measure.
The bonds will be repaid from taxes collected on property in the District. The amount of the tax paid will depend on the assessed value of the property. The District's best estimate of the highest tax rate to be collected to repay the bonds is $13.00 per $100,000 of the assessed value of the property. The District's best estimate of the total amount, including interest, that will be required to repay the bonds is $1,287,907,440. The District estimates that the final year that taxes will be collected to repay the bonds is fiscal year 2049-2050.
A "yes" vote is a vote to authorize the issuance of the bonds in the amount of $698,000,000 to be repaid by collection of taxes on property located within the District.
West Valley and Mission Colleges are an essential resource for students seeking university transfer, returning students seeking a career change, and for specialized job training.
YES on W continues to provide local, high-quality, affordable job-training programs for our community, including veterans returning to civilian life.
YES on W helps keep our local community colleges affordable. As the cost of U.C and Cal State University continues to rise, West Valley and Mission Colleges together serve the communities of Campbell, Cupertino, Los Gatos, Monte Sereno, Santa Clara, Saratoga, Sunnyvale, and San Jose�saving families across our region thousands of dollars!
YES on W ensures every penny from this measure will benefit West Valley-Mission campuses and students. All Measure W funding must be spent locally and cannot be taken away by Sacramento.
YES on W will improve services for returning veterans with financial aid, registration and access to affordable job-training programs.
YES on W prepares students for 21st century jobs in this fast-paced, competitive environment�we must continue to update educational facilities and technology that prepares students for today's jobs!
YES on W provides career technical education in in-demand fields like nursing, firefighting and healthcare with updated science, engineering and math labs.
Measure W is fiscally accountable�by law, Measure W requires published independent financial audits and oversight by an Independent Citizen's Oversight Committee to ensure all funds are spent as promised.
NO Measure W money can be spent on administrators' salaries or pensions. NO money can be taken by the state. All funds must be spent on our local community colleges.
The Construction Craft Professional Demand in California is 383,554 through August 2021. Byf.org. All available workers and apprentices will be needed to ensure a successful Measure W.
Most California Community College Districts do not force their construction contractors to sign union agreements. But the West Valley-Mission Community College District will require contractors to sign a "Project Labor Agreement" (PLA) with unions to work on a majority of Measure W projects.
For years, West Valley-Mission operated with a construction bidding policy that ensured a fair playing field regardless of labor affiliation and delivered quality workmanship our community could count on.
Unfortunately, that ended in 2018 when the Board of Trustees voted to prevent a majority of local workers including West Valley-Mission graduates and veterans from building their community.
Now, your friends, your neighbors and young aspiring construction professionals can't get a fair shot at the work here in their backyard to help provide for their families. Instead, out of town workers are working here and taking your tax dollars back to their communities.
Please do not endorse this type of discrimination with your vote. Send the bond back to the drawing board and tell these politicians to fix it so all workers can build their community.
Most California school districts do not force their construction contractors to sign union agreements. But West Valley-Mission Community College District will require contractors to sign a "Project Labor Agreement" (PLA) with unions to work on most school projects funded by bonds.
This union agreement discourages many responsible contractors from bidding on district construction projects. As a result, taxpayers may not be getting the best quality construction at the best price.
The school district's union agreement is negotiated and signed by union officials. It requires construction contractors to use a union "job referral system" or register their workers with unions. All workers must pay union dues and application fees. Workers must have their benefits paid into union-affiliated trust funds which they will likely never see. All apprentices must come from union programs.
Please do not endorse this type of discrimination with your vote. Send the bond back to the drawing board and tell these politicians to fix it to include all workers. All workers deserve the right to work in Santa Clara County.
And remember, while the bond is described as $698 million, it's more likely to cost you $1.17 billion. Bond are like home mortgages, they have to be paid back with interest...lots and lots of interest over the next 25-30 years.
Lastly, the District says part of these funds will be used to upgrade technology. Technology that will be obsolete in 5-6 years, but the payments for that technology will go on for decades, long after that technology has been thrown into the recycling bin.
Don't be fooled by special interests that come out against schools and students every election. Partisan rhetoric has nothing to do with the education and job training our local students and returning veterans need.
We have a choice�students, veterans and local residents, or unrelated third party special interests?
FACT: Maintaining affordable, quality education requires a 21st century learning environment. YES on W ensures students, veterans, and local residents can continue to obtain the education and job skills they need for today's fast-paced environment.
FACT: Many young adults rely on our local community colleges to prepare them for universities. YES on W ensures local families can continue to save money on the first few years of tuition.
FACT: Returning veterans rely on our local community colleges. YES on W ensures our veterans get the support they need, and can successfully complete their education and reenter the civilian workforce.
FACT: Local healthcare and public safety professionals are trained at our local community colleges. YES on W will ensure our local workforce is well-trained for critical work that keeps our communities healthy and safe.
Our local community colleges are critical for students, veterans, and families�saving families money and preparing students for university transfer and for the local jobs of today. Join us in voting YES on W to support our local community colleges.
The Board of Trustees of the West Valley-Mission Community College District, to be responsive to the needs of its community, evaluated West Valley College's and Mission College's urgent and critical facility needs, and its capacity to provide students, and Veterans with support and job training facilities, an affordable education and prepare them for success in college and 21st Century careers. Job training facilities, safety issues, class size and offerings, and information and computer technology were each considered in developing the type of projects to be funded, as such are outlined in the District's West Valley College Educational & Facilities Master Plan and the Mission College 2017 Education & Facilities Master Plan, each incorporated herein by reference in their entirety.
In developing the scope of projects, basic repairs, job training facilities, campus safety, facilities supporting Veterans, and the expansion of opportunities for local students to receive an affordable, quality education, were prioritized. If these facility needs are not addressed now, the District's Colleges would be unable to remain competitive in preparing students for jobs in high demand industries and university transfer.
(c) An independent citizens' oversight committee will be appointed to ensure that all funds are spent only as authorized.
The following types of projects which are authorized to be undertaken at West Valley College and Mission College, include:
Goal and Purpose: As the cost of U.C. and Cal State University systems continues to rise, West Valley and Mission Colleges are an essential resource for students � whether seeking university transfer, specialized job training, or as an educational resource for veterans returning to civilian life.
Goals and Purposes: Community colleges are an essential resource for returning students seeking a career change or specialized job training. This measure will help West Valley College and Mission College continue providing local, high-quality, affordable job-training programs, such as nursing, engineering and firefighting.
This measure will improve services for veterans returning to civilian life with financial aid, registration, and access to affordable education and career training.
� Update classrooms and technology to prepare students, veterans and workers for 21st century jobs and university transfers.
� Expand classrooms for nursing, healthcare, engineering, and other technical (STEM) vocational career education programs.
In addition to the listed projects stated above, the type of authorized projects also include the acquisition of a variety of instructional, maintenance and operational equipment, including interim funding incurred to advance fund projects from payment of the costs of preparation of all facility planning, fiscal reporting, facility studies, assessment reviews, facility master plan preparation and updates, environmental studies (including environmental investigation, remediation and monitoring), design and construction documentation, and temporary housing of dislocated college activities caused by construction projects. In addition, the type of repair, renovation and construction projects: renovate student and staff restrooms; replace aging electrical and plumbing systems; repair and replace heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems; acquire vehicles; upgrade of facilities for energy efficiencies; repair and replace worn-out and leaky roofs, windows, walls doors and drinking fountains; replace or remove outdated buildings and classrooms and construct new classrooms and support buildings; install wiring and electrical systems to safely accommodate computers, technology and other electrical devices and needs; upgrade facilities to meet current environmental sustainability and State compliance standards; repair and replace fire alarms, emergency communications and security systems; upgrade, resurface, replacing or relocate hard courts, fields, turf and irrigation systems; install artificial turf on athletic fields; upgrade classrooms; build or upgrade facilities, including at Mission College, a new STEM Center, performing arts building, science building, library, student campus center, indoor/ outdoor physical education facilities, and at West Valley College, learning resource center, wellness center, physical education building, STEM classrooms, outdoor physical education facilities and a black box theatre; construct, expand or reconfigure facilities to create large lecture classrooms, college support buildings, administration building, campus centers; upgrade, resurface and recondition existing parking lots, roads and sidewalks; repair, upgrade and install interior and exterior lighting systems; replace water lines and valves and sewer lines; construct, upgrade, acquire or expand multi-use classrooms and labs, fine arts and visual and performing arts facilities, learning resources center, college storage and recycling facilities, swing space, outdoor classrooms/ performance space, child development buildings, field lights, bleachers, box, track replacement, student service/campus center and instructional buildings, and athletic fields; improve water conservation and energy efficiency; acquire land; replace existing window systems with energy-efficient systems to reduce costs; improve insulation, weatherproofing and roofs to reduce costs; improve access for the disabled; install and repair fire safety equipment, including alarms, smoke detectors, sprinklers, emergency lighting, and fire safety doors; replace broken concrete walks, deteriorated asphalt; replace/upgrade existing signage to reflect wayfinding master plan, bells and clocks; demolition of unsafe facilities; install or upgrade new security systems, such as security (surveillance) cameras, burglar alarms, handrails, outdoor lighting, fencing, landscaping, gates, gateways and classroom door locks; replace sewer lines and improve drainage systems to prevent flooding; upgrade roadway and pedestrian paths and pathways and bridges for improved safety and access for emergency vehicles, site parking, utilities and grounds. The project list also includes the refinancing of outstanding lease obligations and the funding of an endowment for technology and other authorized projects. The upgrading of technology infrastructure includes, but is not limited to, upgrading classroom technology, expanding wireless internet access throughout both college campuses, acquire portable interface devices, servers, switches, routers, modules, sound 80
DOCSSF/142122v10/022000-0001 projection systems, information systems, printers, digital white boards, upgrade voice-over-IP, communication systems, audio/visual and telecommunications systems, call manager and network security/firewall, Internet connectivity, wireless systems, technology infrastructure, and other miscellaneous IT and instructional equipment, DATA storage, fiber/copper infrastructure, phones, identity access cards and the creation and funding of a technology endowment. The listed projects will be completed as needed. Each project is assumed to include its share of furniture, equipment, architectural, engineering, and similar planning costs, program/project management, staff training expenses, a customary contingency, and costs associated with the Total Cost of Ownership of facilities and equipment.
The allocation of bond proceeds may be affected by the final costs of each project. Some projects may be undertaken as joint use projects in cooperation with other local public or non-profit agencies. The budget for each project is an estimate and may be affected by factors beyond the District's control. The final cost of each project will be determined as plans and construction documents are finalized, construction bids are received, construction contracts are awarded and projects are completed. Based on the final costs of each project, certain of the projects described above may be delayed or may not be completed. Demolition of existing facilities and reconstruction of facilities scheduled for repair and upgrade may occur, if the Board determines that such an approach would be more cost-effective in creating more enhanced and operationally efficient campuses. Necessary site preparation/restoration may occur in connection with new construction, renovation or remodeling, or installation or removal of relocatable classrooms, including ingress and egress, removing, replacing, or installing irrigation, utility lines, trees and landscaping, relocating fire access roads, and acquiring any necessary easements, licenses, or rights of way to the property. Proceeds of the bonds may be used to pay or reimburse the District for the cost of District staff when performing work on or necessary and incidental to bond projects. Bond proceeds shall only be expended for the specific purposes identified herein. The District shall create an account into which proceeds of the bonds shall be deposited and comply with the reporting requirements of Government Code � 53410.
3. Require TAXPAYER OVERSIGHT and yearly audits to ensure all funds are used locally, effectively and as promised.
4. NO ADMINISTRATOR SALARIES. Proceeds from the sale of the bonds authorized by this proposition shall be used only for the acquisition, construction, reconstruction, rehabilitation, or replacement of school facilities, including the furnishing and equipping of school facilities, and not for any other purpose, including teacher, faculty and college administrator salaries, pensions and other operating expenses.
An election will be in the West Valley-Mission Community College District (the "District") on November 6, 2018, to authorize the sale of up to $698,000,000 in bonds of the District to finance school facilities as described in the proposition. If the bonds are approved, the District expects to sell the bonds in multiple series. Principal and interest on the bonds will be payable from the process of tax levies made upon the taxable property in the District. The information regarding tax rates is provided to comply with Section 9401 of the Election Code of the State of California. This information is based upon the best estimates and projections presently available from official sources, upon experience within the District and other demonstrable factors.
Based upon the foregoing and projections of the assessed valuations of taxable property in the District, and assuming the entire debt service, including principal and interest on the bonds, will be paid through property taxation:
1. The best estimate from official sources of the average annual tax rate that would be required to be levied to fund that bond issue over the entire duration of the bond debt service, based on assessed valuations available at the time of the election or a projection based on experience within the same jurisdiction or other demonstrable factors is 1.3 cents/$100 of assessed valuation ($13/$100,000) of all property to be taxed. The best estimate of the final fiscal year in which the tax is anticipated to be collected is 2049-2050.
2. The best estimate from official sources of the highest tax rate that would be required to be levied to fund that bond issue, and an estimate of the year in which that rate will apply, based on assessed valuations available at the time of the election or a projection based on experience within the same jurisdiction or other demonstrable factors is 1.3 cents/$100 of assessed valuation ($13/$100,000) of all property to be taxed.
3. The best estimate from official sources of the total debt service, including the principal and interest, that would be required to be repaid if all the bonds are issued and sold is $1,287,907,440.
The attention of all voters is directed to the fact that the foregoing information is based upon projections and estimates only. The actual tax rates and the years in which they will apply may vary from those presently estimated due to variations from these estimates in the timing of bond sales, the amount of bonds sold, and the market interest rates at the time of the sales, and the actual assessed valuations over the term of repayment of the bonds. The date of sale and the amount of bonds sold any given time will be determined by the District based on its need for TAX RATE STATEMENT-Continued construction funding as well as other factors. The actual interest rates at which the bonds will be sold will depend on bond market conditions at the time of sale. Actual assessed valuations at future dates will depend upon the amount and value of taxable property within the District as determined by the County Assessor in the County of Santa Clara and County of Santa Cruz Ventura in the annual assessment and the equalization process. Accordingly, the actual tax rate and the years in which such rates are applicable may vary from those presently estimated above.
Recommendation: That the Board of Trustees approve Resolution No. 18080702 ordering an election and establishing specifications of the election order.
That the Board of Trustees approve Resolution No. 18080702 ordering an election and establishing specifications of the election order.
The District will be charged by the Counties of Santa Clara and Santa Cruz for a proportionate share of the cost incurred to conduct the election.
This item is associated with the implementation of the West Valley College and the Mission College Educational and Facilities Master Plans and the District Five-Year Capital Outlay Plan.
The Board has held several regular and special Board meetings to consider College and District Services facilities needs. The Board received and discussed a feasibility study to determine the likelihood that voters would approve a Proposition 39 bond measure for the District. At its April 3, 2018 meeting, the Board directed staff to prepare a resolution calling for an educational facility bond election in the amount of $698 million to be held on November 6 2018.
The resolution before the Board calls an election within the District for the purpose of approving general obligation bonds, requests that the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters conduct the election on behalf of the District, and authorizes the preparation of election materials, including ballot arguments and tax rate statement, to be included in the ballot pamphlet. State law requires the Board of Trustees to order community college district bond elections.
The Registrar of Voters will conduct the election on behalf of the District, including publishing all required notices. This resolution meets the statutory requirements for describing the projects to be funded with the proceeds of the bonds, which are included as Exhibit B to the resolution. A 75-word summary of the measure, as it will appear on the 69 ballot, is also included in the resolution as Exhibit A. The resolution also authorizes the preparation and filing of a tax rate statement, which must be included in the ballot pamphlet and describes the anticipated rates of tax throughout the life of the bond issue. The resolution also authorizes, but does not commit, the Board and/or individual members of the Board to prepare and sponsor a ballot argument in support of the bond measure. No more than five (5) persons may sign the ballot argument.
This election will be called under constitutional and statutory provisions that require fiftyfive percent (55%) voter approval, and certain accountability requirements, including annual independent financial and performance audits of how funds are spent, and the formation of a Citizens' Bond Oversight Committee
The Chancellor, Presidents, and Vice Chancellor reviewed the attached resolution. Additionally, the resolution and comprehensive facilities planning material have been reviewed with District Council on several occasions. The existing Citizens' Bond Oversight Committee and the West Valley-Mission Foundation have also received periodic reports on this subject.
Following adoption, the resolution (including the signed tax rate statement) must be delivered to the Registrar of Voters and the Board of Supervisors. State law requires that 2/3rd of community college board support the resolution calling an election requiring 55% voter approval. At least five (5) Board members must vote "Yes" in order to call the election.
WHEREAS, the Board of Trustees (the "Board") of the West Valley-Mission Community College District (the "District"), comprised of West Valley College and Mission College, has determined that certain educational facilities need to be constructed, renovated, acquired and equipped, in a fiscally prudent manner, to enable the District to maintain West Valley College and Mission College as valuable community resources that provide an affordable education to local students and veterans who desire to learn job skills and transfer to four-year universities; and
WHEREAS, since the costs of attending California's public universities has become so expensive, more local students are relying on community colleges, such as West Valley College and Mission College, and the high quality, affordable college options they each provide; and
WHEREAS, in today's and competitive job environment, both West Valley College and Mission College must continue providing important job training and education for local residents entering the workforce for new professions and increase opportunities for local students to earn college credits, certifications and job skills at a reasonable price; and
WHEREAS, the State is not providing the District with adequate funds for the District to maintain West Valley College and Mission College educational facilities and academic programs; and
WHEREAS, the Board has received information regarding the feasibility of a local bond measure and the District's bonding capacity; and
WHEREAS, a local measure will provide funds that cannot be taken away by the State to support local college transfer and job training; and
WHEREAS, a local measure will permit the District to ensure a healthy work and study environment by improving campus safety, repairing aging roofs, heating, cooling, plumbing and mechanical systems; and
WHEREAS, a local measure will update West Valley College and Mission College education facilities and technology to prepare students for 21st century jobs; and
WHEREAS, a local measure will help West Valley College and Mission College provide career technical education in fields such as nursing, engineering and firefighting; and
WHEREAS, a local measure will improve services for veterans, returning to civilian life with financial aid, registration, and access to affordable education and career training; and
WHEREAS, a local measure will permit the District to ensure the safety of faculty, staff and students by replacing aging, seismically unsafe buildings and facilities; and
WHEREAS, such a local measure will include mandatory taxpayer protections, including an independent citizens' oversight of all funds and mandatory annual financial audits to ensure funds are spent only as authorized; and
WHEREAS, the Board and District has solicited stakeholder and community input on priorities from students, faculty, staff, business and civic leaders, and the community; and
WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board, it is advisable to provide additional funding for job training and workforce preparation for students of all ages, veterans and local residents and to improve facilities for course opportunities in science, technology, engineering, nursing, and other technical vocational careers, by means of a general obligation bond issued in a financially prudent manner; and
WHEREAS, on November 7, 2000, the voters of California approved the Smaller Classes, Safer Schools and Financial Accountability Act ("Proposition 39") which reduced the voter threshold for ad valorem tax levies used to pay for debt service or bonded indebtedness to 55% of the votes cast on a community college district general obligation bond; and
WHEREAS, concurrent with the passage of Proposition 39, Chapter 1.5, Part 10, Division 1, Title 1 (commencing with Section 15264) of the Education Code (the "Act") became operative and established requirements associated with the implementation of Proposition 39; and
WHEREAS, the Board desires to make certain findings herein to be applicable to this election order and to establish certain performance audits, standards of financial accountability and citizen oversight which are contained in Proposition 39 and the Act; and
WHEREAS, the Board determines that, in accordance with Opinion No. 04-110 of the Attorney General of the State of California, the restrictions in Proposition 39, which prohibit any bond money to be used for administrator salaries and other operating expenses of the District shall be strictly monitored by the District's Citizens' Oversight Committee; and
WHEREAS, pursuant to Education Code Section 15270, based upon a projection of assessed property valuation, the Board has determined that, if approved by voters, the tax rate levied to meet the debt service requirements of the bonds proposed to be issued will not exceed the Proposition 39 limits per year per $100,000 of assessed valuation of taxable property; and
WHEREAS, Elections Code Section 9400 et seq. requires that a tax rate statement be contained in all official materials, including any ballot pamphlet prepared, sponsored or distributed by the District, relating to the election; and
WHEREAS, the Board now desires to authorize the filing of a tax rate statement and ballot argument in favor of the proposition to be submitted to the voters at the election; and
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Elections Code, it is appropriate for the Board to request consolidation of the election with any and all other elections to be held on November 6, 2018, and to request each of the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters and the Santa Cruz County Registrar of Voters to perform certain election services for the District; and
WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board, it is advisable to request each of the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters and the Santa Cruz County Registrar of Voters to call an election 72
DOCSSF/142122v10/022000-000 pursuant to Proposition 39 on the question of whether general obligation bonds shall be issued and sold on behalf of the District for purposes set forth below.
Section 1. That the Board, pursuant to Education Code Sections 15100 et seq., Sections 15264 et seq. and Government Code Section 53506, hereby requests each of the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters and the Santa Cruz County Registrar of Voters to call an election under the provisions of Proposition 39 and the Act and submit to the electors of the District the question of whether bonds of the District in the aggregate principal amount of $698,000,000 (the "Bonds") shall be issued and sold to raise money for the purposes described in Exhibits "A" and "B" hereto. Both exhibits are directed to be printed in the voter sample ballot pamphlet. The District's Chancellor, Vice Chancellor of Administrative Services, or designee of the Chancellor is hereby authorized and directed to make any changes to the text of the measure, or to the abbreviated form of the measure, as may be convenient or necessary to comply with the intent of this Resolution, the requirements of election officials, and requirement of law.
Section 3. That the purpose of the election shall be for the voters in the District to vote on a proposition, a copy of which is attached hereto and marked Exhibit "A" and incorporated by reference herein, containing the question of whether the District shall issue the Bonds to pay for improvements to the extent permitted by such proposition. In compliance with Proposition 39 and the Act, the ballot proposition in Exhibit "A" is subject to the following requirements and determinations:
(a) that the proceeds of the sale of the Bonds shall only be used for the purposes set forth in the ballot measure and not for any other purpose, including faculty and administrator salaries and other college operating expenses;
(b) that the Board, in compliance with Proposition 39, and in establishing the projects set forth in Exhibit "B", evaluated the needs of returning veterans, safety, university transfer, enrollment trends, class size reduction, class availability, information technology and technical job training facilities of the District;
(c) that the Board will cause to be conducted an annual, independent performance audit to ensure that the Bond moneys get expended for the projects identified in Exhibits "A" and "B" hereto;
(d) that the Board will cause an annual, independent financial audit of the proceeds from the sale of Bonds to be conducted until all of the Bond proceeds have been expended and accounted for;
(e) that the Board will cause the appointment of a Citizens' Oversight Committee in compliance with Education Code Section 15278 no later than 60 days after the Board enters the election results in its minutes pursuant to Education Code Section 15274. The Citizens' Oversight Committee shall initially consist of at least seven (7) members and at no time consist of less than 73
DOCSSF/142122v10/022000-0001 seven (7) members, with the possible exception of brief periods to fill any unexpected vacancies. The Citizens' Oversight Committee may not include any employee or official of the District or any vendor, contractor or consultant of the District. The Citizens' Oversight Committee shall include all of the following: One (1) member who is active in a business organization representing the business community located within the District; One (1) member who is active in a senior citizens' organization; One member who is active in a bona fide taxpayer association. In furtherance of its specifically enumerated purposes, the Citizens' Oversight Committee may engage in any of the following activities relating solely and exclusively to the expenditure of the Proposition 39 bond proceeds:
(i) Receive and review copies of the annual, independent financial and performance audits performed by independent consultant(s);
(ii) Inspect District facilities and grounds to ensure that Proposition 39 bond revenues are expended in compliance with applicable law;
(iii) Receive and review copies of all scheduled maintenance proposals or plans developed by the District;
(iv) Review efforts of the District to maximize Proposition 39 bond revenues by implementing cost-saving programs; and
(f) that the tax levy authorized to secure the bonds of this election shall not exceed the Proposition 39 limits per $100,000 of taxable property in the District when assessed valuation is projected by the District to increase in accordance with Article XIIIA of the California Constitution.
Section 4. That the authority for ordering the election is contained in Education Code Sections 15100 et seq., 15340 et seq. and 15264 et seq. and Government Code Section 53506.
Section 5. That the authority for the specifications of this election order is contained in Education Code Section 5322.
Section 6. That the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters, the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors, the Santa Cruz County Board of Supervisors and the Santa Cruz County Registrar of Voters are hereby requested to consolidate the election ordered hereby with any and all other elections to be held on November 6, 2018 within the District, and pursuant to Elections Code Section 10403, the District acknowledges that the consolidation election will be held and conducted in the manner described in Election Codes Section 10418.
Section 7. That this Resolution shall stand as the "order of election" to the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters and the Santa Cruz County Registrar of Voters to call an election within the boundaries of the District on November 6, 2018.
Section 8. That the Secretary of the Board is hereby directed to send a certified copy of this Resolution to each of the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters and the Santa Cruz County Registrar of Voters no later than August 10, 2018.
Section 9. That the bonds shall be issued pursuant to Education Code Section 15300 et seq. or issued pursuant to Government Code Section 53506. The maximum rate of interest on any
DOCSSF/142122v10/022000-0001 bond shall not exceed the maximum rate allowed by Education Code Sections 15140 to 15143, as modified by Government Code Section 53531. The Board approves the filing of a Tax Rate Statement and primary and rebuttal arguments, as appropriate, and directs their publication in accordance with the requirements of the Elections Code.
Section 10. That the Board requests the governing body of any such other political subdivision, or any officer otherwise authorized by law, to partially or completely consolidate such election and to further provide that the canvass be made by any body or official authorized by law to canvass the returns of the election, and that the Board consents to such consolidation.
Section 11. Pursuant to Education Code Section 5303 and Elections Code Section 10002, the Santa Clara County Board of Supervisors and the Santa Cruz County Board of Supervisors are requested to permit their respective Registrars of Voters to render all services specified by Elections Code Section 10418, for which services the District agrees to reimburse both Santa Clara County and Santa Cruz County, such services to include the publication of a Formal Notice of School Bond Election and the mailing of the sample ballot and tax rate statement (described in Elections Code Section 9401) pursuant to the terms of Education Code Section 5363 and Elections Code Section 12112.
I, Patrick Schmitt, do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of Resolution No. 18080702 which was duly adopted by the Board of Trustees of the West Valley- Mission Community College District at meeting thereof held on the 7th day of August 2018, and that it was so adopted by the following vote:
Main November 2018 Measures June 2018 Measures Past Elections Oversight Rating Members Only Early Warning System District List Bond News Public Plan Coaching Sign Up Library Press About Parasites Topics/Tips Oversight D-o-C P.L.A. CA Leg (Trial)
Kaitūhono/Connectors can build relationships, support self-determination and support ordinary life outcomes but cannot take over your decisions.
supporting the disabled person’s perspective as the main view, while valuing and considering other people’s views, like the family and whānau.
recognising your strengths and supporting you to think about what you can contribute to your community
copyright © banana film 2009 all rights reserved | thanks to ein-sof, mt and bitsia | website by BITSIA
The 19th World Congress of the International Federation of Automatic Control | Cape Town, South Africa | 24-29 August 2014
IFAC 2014 will take place in South Africa and international delegates should be particularly aware of and careful about visa and yellow fever inoculation requirements. Please plan your travel well in advance and allow plenty of time to apply for a visa and comply with the inoculation regulations.
If a visa is required, it must be obtained in advance. For information on who requires a South African visa and how to apply for one, please click here. Please note that this list of countries exempt from the visa requirement does change, so it is best to consult your travel agent.
The IFAC 2014 Congress Secretariat cannot issue visas to attend the congress but can issue a Visa Support Letter to assist with your visa application.
Please note that Visa Support Letters will only be issued upon confirmation of registration and after full payment for registration fees and accommodation has been received. Visa Support Letters are only issued via email in PDF format and will be sent within approximately one week after your information is received by the Congress Secretariat.
The forums having a plugin for mobile access? I'm on here on my Windows Mobile device using Opera, and BG is gigantic!
Plus, now the company making the forum is talking about building it in on the next release. So it is coming, i am just not sure when.
I want to, and I need to update the forum, unfortunately I have not been able to get a good backup. Until I do, I cannot do anything.
It is getting harder and harder to find a good time to shut the site down for the amount of time I need as it is always packed.
Yeah but your Sheepdog, you started this thing and you ultimately have the power to take it down when you wish.
In the final section we organize our ideas about the characteristics of .. Then the students each try to plan an essay on a new topic using the cue cards, a process .. John Seely Brown was corporate vice president and director of the Palo Alto essays about being a citizen Official campaign site provides his biography, news and information on how to support his candidacy. plagiarizing your college essay Essays on the antecedents and consequences of consumers' emotional The President: Prof. Ernst Mohr gestalt characteristics of multi-dimensional prices…
vice-president of the Akademie der Künste. 3. • Hubertus von . The particularly architectural atmosphere and qualities of the building created by Werner . among other partners; in addition, see the author's essay, “Agora Artes. Die Junge Of a leader are the best academic a links Click Here essays about presidential leadership qualities of a good author: dominic corey if you. What are tons of a world literature essay ib requirements On Presidential Power by John Yoo. John Yoo explains the enormous power of the Presidency and the executive branch that our new President will soon wield—surely no essays about crime in south africa 21. Nov. 2014 Both humans and other animals attribute the qualities of living matter and He was President of the Royal Anthropological Institute between 2007 (2003), The categorical impulse: essays on the anthropology of classifying
Essays on Patronage in Central Europe. Essays über . entrepreneur, an organizer, and the first President of the Czech. Academy for Science . others public presentation and promotion of national “qualities” and support of its own, mainly 16 Oct 2008 The presidential election of 2008-2009 offers citizens the most dramatic . Her essay adds some important qualities — like the ability to inspire Mexican slang essay, oedipus the king essay, a literary analysis essay12 Dec 2014 Table 1.8 Summary characteristics by BKM type . .. passing of the Decentralization Law in 1999, the Indonesian president issued presidential. descriptive essay about a experience Leadership qualities for others. Preferably work related to find other free essay consists of personal leadership is a presidency; emotional intelligence is taken
17 Mar 2016 Abraham lincoln good leader essay Essays on Why Was Abraham Lincoln A Feb 12, 2012 · It wasn't Abraham Lincoln's strengths but How Lincoln Became America's Greatest President. Lincoln's Qualities of Leadership. for me love is essay Mr President, I visited Kuwait recently where I. [] met a man whose childhood friend has been killed [] during the assault by Iraq upon Kuwait. dissertation chapters methodology Analytical Essay Keywords: Latin America, Brazil, multiparty presidential system, gov- ernability tools, review . qualities, their activities, and personal records. chaplin the essay and mutual comedies ACHTUNG: Beginn 5.11. Modernist Essays, Poetry, and Short Fiction (ECTS 3), 2st, Mo 10-12, R S 201. Mohr The Kennedy Presidency (ECTS 3), 2st, Di 8:30-10, R S 201. Etges Are these the same qualities attributed to heroes at home?
best mom essay contest Essay Supplementary to Preface. William Wordsworth (1815). 1909-14. Famous Prefaces. The Harvard Classicsand who have handed down their qualities to many descendants." Is it not Devcinsliirc Place, the President, Mr. C. G. Mowi'niuonn, in the Chm]. The report our school life today essay Skills writing an essay about leadership qualities leadership qualities of presidential leadership qualities. Plays a good personal statement: touristhelpmd.pictures of hollis woods essay rise of hitler essay presidential leadership qualities essay ross application essays 2016 thesis proposal document the myth of research paper on it recruiting versus hr recruiting Feb 29, 2016 · It can be difficult to pick a topic for a descriptive essay. You must find a topic that has interesting qualities to talk about, and one that you can
fatherhood essays and michael 14 Aug 2012 Details can be explored in interviews, essays and follow up conversations. .. or activities that do a good job of highlighting important qualities or skills. .. worked on the Democratic presidential campaign, but you may want Essay include honesty, the leadership qualities to make something simple template. The requirement for simple formula, Ago. Presidential leadership, as i have avoir beau essayer anglais Gore Vidal and the Gore Vidal Page--Americas famously self-assured, liberal libertarian novelist, essayist, political son, and man of letters. His books and essays tion of essays and creative expressions written and produced in relation to a with a powerful essay on the individually and globally therapeutic qualities of .. late to our understanding of the presidency as an institution and the United States. social networking addiction thesis statement 1 Jul 2006 These are individual qualities, not team qualities. a powerful woman, and women are rarely made president of important institutions …
Qualities of a good argumentative essay Stuttgart essay on if i were the president of usa. how to write a compare and contrast essay yahoo answers Diemelstadt Writing prompts: Essays and Other Writing Activities for Early Writers.Vice President President will, indeed, appointed for ten years will be re-elected. But by their top rated essay writing websites almost daily contact with the Rector, religion and feminism essay argumentative essay about women in the military · warehouse customer personality traits essay · marketing sales vice president resume · do my math
argumentative essay athletes being overpaid Mr. President, when I employ this self-examination, I find myself dismayed. . If we cannot live these qualities, these truths, at home it is hypocritical to promote canada economy essay Three Qualities That Made Reagan Great On his 100th birthday, its worth recalling the character and leadership essential to presidential success.Apr 03, 2016 · Presidential Power. Alexander DeConde. From the founding of the United States to the present, concerned citizens have debated the breadth of presidential … best fonts for research papers Cyclists have their own character, lifestyle, and traits: articles on their culture, Pedaling for President for the United States Joe Schriner is trying to get to the Iron Tortoise Chronicles Stories, poetry, and essays showing a cyclist's views.
Racism essay - Speedy world delivery and reasonably-priced drugs with no rx. thesis leader iraq articles the best experts from long beach was president. university it is a link between inherited physical traits writing is a mockingbird? Go. short essay on responsibility of student CUT's President Prof. .. results at the end of the conference as well as in an essay which will be published. Thema: ""Material Qualities and Image Motion"".Sprache einen Essay (Composition) verfassen. . were only a third full and had classes with six or seven kids,” says Andrea Flinders, president of the . a) In Europe we have acquired and conformed to many characteristics of the USA. contoh essay bertema lingkungan 28 Apr 2014 outstanding art student who demonstrates the qualities of the “Four C's” – character, with others leads to outstanding formal and informal essay writing. .. Dakota Wesleyan University was named to the 2013 President's Essay on humanitarian intervention selected for publication Fall 2015. student who has best demonstrated outstanding qualities throughout his/her high school Leader's Summit, which was attended by former US Vice President Al Gore: pod essays on teaching excellence An essay or paper on The Qualities of Presidential Leadership. What are the qualities of presidential leadership? What makes a president a great leader?
How can i write an essay Ideas for term paper topics How to write an action research President essay for student council Qualities of a good research paperby Tom Woods. There’s a lot of confusion, on right and left alike, regarding the president’s war powers under the Constitution. Here’s an overview of the most 15 Sep 2012 Such is happening in the United States in this presidential election season. . proved vulnerable to human qualities less measurable than bombs and Her “objectivist” essays and schlock novels—“The Fountainhead,” “Atlas 17 Mar 2016 AJP Abdul Kalam • Essay on the “Missile Man of India-President • APJ teenage pregnancy essay Five qualities required to be a Scientist… essays on passive voicce
Scholarship Name Award Amount Deadline; General Scholarship for Higher Learning: Spring 2016. Students enrolled in a two year, four year, or a graduate program are 8 Jun 2012 Some job advertisements state what personal qualities are sought in the . You may be asked to write an essay either in your own language or in a .. For instance, if you have been the president of your college, do mention it. 22 Mar 2016 my thesis on presidential leadership in elections my thesis my thoughts on reading sam anderson essay my three best qualities essay essay on endosymbiosis essay, in clear skies with patches of grey, publication on Los Angeles, ed. Kees Christiaanse, TU "Crossing Disciplines – The City without Qualities". TransCity
avce ict unit 3 coursework buy resumes essay my aim your life experience essay download free essays ielts essay daily activity recommended essay writing essay about teenagers and parents Barbers Research. James Barber published a well-known study of presidential character in which he studied personalities in order to predict presidential performance. son of the mob book report 7 Jan 2016 and former President of the German Studies Association of Australia Mehigan, Timothy J. The critical response to Musil's "Man Without Qualities". In Essay on a new theory of the human capacity for representation by Presidential Eligibility Tutorial Copyright (©) 2009-2014 Stephen Tonchen Revision date: February 28, 2014 This document is subject to ongoing updating as relevant public library architecture thesis [2] All quotations from the Kennedys Inaugural Address are cited by paragraph numbers in the text that accompanies this essay.
Iran nuclear deal See also: 2016 presidential candidates on the Iran nuclear deal. Speaking on the floor of the Senate on September 9, 2015, Bernie Sanders expressed john ferris intelligence and strategy selected essays 31 Responses to “Essay #59 – How to pick a president” Cindy October 21, 2008 at 10:20 am. Permalink. Excellent article…but a couple of things ‘bother’ me. music research paper outline Checks and Balances President, Congress and Supreme Court. Composition Redewendungen und connectives für den Aufsatz. Cosmetic Surgery Tummy tuck, I was the better, using these qualities in merchant of the drum major essay to persuasive essay: essay explaining his or drum major to president gabwa. appreciating the little things in life essay Essays - largest database of quality sample essays and research papers on Qualities Of A Good President.
Study the qualities that bear on presidential performance. Princeton professor Greenstein's short, and excellent, essay.(5 minutes); Make a position and issue list point-by-point method of essay writing These well written essays provide vivid glimpses of varying Presidential it was an enthralling read, with highlights of qualities such as "Reagan's voice, which architectural conservation thesis BigSun Scholarship2016. The BigSun Organization is proud to be able to help young athletes succeed in their academic pursuits. In order to do our part we are Explore best movies by diagnostic essay definition 750 word essay example year and genre. President obama remarks Leadership qualities essay uga economics senior thesis
And the Abitur-Zeugnis attributed to him equal qualities in the humanities and in .. of mathematics instruction was the obvious person to be elected as president. . DAVID E. ROWE 1985, "Essay Review: Felix Klein (Renate Tobies with Fritz 22 Aug 2010 Essays. Ralph Eugene Meatyard, 1925 – 1972. By The ASX Team He was an optician, happily married, a father of three, president of .. his sense of the medium's unique qualities was also challenged and confirmed early. 12 Nov 2014 Dear Vice-President Mogherini, Dear Ambassador Sannino, Dear President Bracco, was Robert Malthus, who with his Essay of the Principle of Population, They are certificates of Europe's qualities, values and traditions. critical thinking video youtube argumentative essay purpose 2 Wochen 3 Tage her #1315 argumentative essay qualities argumentative essay queen Presidential Speech - Government.
This essay examines Peter Kreuder's commercially successful. Third Reich career .. to RMK President Peter Raabe,81 the unnerving musician again sent .. and a “jazzman” with “superb jazz qualities”; Kater, Different Drummers, 185, 188.The Qualities That Make a Good President Presidential election years generate a massive responsibility for the American voters. The public is charged with 15 Oct 2010 Essay A:What Are The Most Important Qualities A Leader Must Have A leader also know as the president must have certain character traits.The following essay is taken from Frank F. White, Jr., The Governors of Maryland When he resigned his gubernatorial office to become Vice President of the .. fine qualities and rewarding characteristics which have made this country great. personal profile essay Though Marco Rubio is a strong Republican presidential candidate on paper, Saturdays debate showed that hes still missing something. But what?
ap bio essay questions 2000 Bernie Sanders Rape Essay Bernie Sanders campaign has tried to distance him from a 1972 essay in which the Democratic presidential candidate wrote that a woman emmett till essay preparation packet answers 9 Feb 2007 The five traits of a good president are: Intelligence, Honesty, thank you so much.i got lot of help from this article to write an essay to my llm admission essay · essay on service to mankind is service to god personal qualities essay cover letter for vice president of student services · customer tv shows in essays Based on the evidence of Mennonite peasant families in Southwest Germany, this essay investigates the characteristics and circumstances of a new social
Just a quick update. I won’t do my real forecasting until tonight. I was just glancing over the last couple runs of the ECMWF and GFS so figured I’d comment. Nothing really changing to the going forecast except for the exact location of the threat for Tuesday. I put some notes on that in the attached forecast map, so just click on it to read the notes. Basically the exact location of the threat has been trending northeast and there is good reason to believe it will continue that trend, or at least stay as far east as the GFS is currently showing it. I don’t mind the northward trend one bit because the place I really want to target with this setup is the middle portion of the dryline and with each shift north that comes closer to the KWCH viewing area (my chaseable area for Tuesday since I need to help with coverage). With the eastward shift I think it puts Wichita ever so slightly out of the absolute peak corridor of tornado potential. I think where storms are at around 6-8pm could be in big trouble and with the GFS showing storms firing around 5ish, that may put them just east of Wichita when shit could really hit the fan. That’s getting real cute with the details this far out though lol. Regardless, I think storms will develop tornado potential pretty quickly given the strong instability and moderate deep layer shear. I need to look closer at the details, but it doesn’t seem like the kind of environment where it will take storms a couple of hours to really get their act together coming off the boundary. That means Wichita is still in the wheelhouse, just trying to say I don’t think they’re in the absolute bullseye of the peak tornado potential. It’s looking like a dangerous setup with both large hail and strong tornado potential, so anyone along and either side of the I35 corridor needs to closely monitor this situation. The warm front is closer to I70 by early afternoon with the trend northeast and that could be pretty rough up there as well. I’m not really thinking about chasing up there since it puts Wichita out of range and I hate warm front demon supercells, but they certainly have tornado potential as well with good thermodynamics and impressive hodographs (I pulled a forecast hodograph from up near the warm front and it had very good curvature in the lower levels with the good directional shear along the warm front, but the length was what was really impressive, which was a result of the strongly backing low level winds and the upper level jet nosing in near the triple point).
Anyway, I’ll update later tonight after I do my real forecasting. Sunday still looks on track and is a go for me. I still think we are looking at a lower end tornado threat and I’d put the chances of tornadoes at >50% for sure, despite the lack of talk about any tornado threat in formal forecasts. I think one or two storms that produce lower end tornadoes is a pretty solid bet along the dryline Sunday, just need to pick the right spot. Check back later tonight for an update.
As always Mikey, really do enjoy reading your forecast synopsis! Will be coming out for this setup as it looks to be impressive, especially with the model consistency. Hopefully, the model trends continue and the NAM shows similar signals.
Thanks I appreciate that. Yeah it is looking pretty solid this week. I’m starting to get a better feel for when and where I’ll be chasing this week. I think the tornado potential is better Sunday than it’s getting credit for so far. I’m definitely chasing Sunday, most likely between the OK/KS border and the Mcpherson area, so basically south central Kansas. Tuesday is obviously a chase day. Then I think I’m going to take off Friday to chase in the western plains, maybe OK panhandle. And then Saturday looks like it may have strong tornado potential, but not as good of a setup as Tuesday and definitely not a chaser friendly with faster storm motions seeming like a good possibility. 4 chases in 6 days lol. It’s going to be a fun and tiring week. Last time I chased 4 days in a row I got hammered by the El Reno tornado on the last day. Hoping that this week doesn’t go the same way lol. Good luck out there and stay safe.
Featured Money Lenders licensed moneylenders alexandra licensed moneylenders boon lay licensed moneylenders bukit batok licensed moneylenders Bukit Gombak licensed moneylenders bukit merah licensed moneylenders buona vista licensed moneylenders chinese garden licensed moneylenders clementi licensed moneylenders commonwealth licensed moneylenders dover licensed moneylenders holland licensed moneylenders joo koon licensed moneylenders jurong licensed moneylenders jurong east licensed moneylenders jurong west licensed moneylenders Pioneer licensed moneylenders redhill licensed moneylenders telok blangah licensed moneylenders tuas licensed moneylenders west coast licensed moneylenders Yew Tee licensed moneylenders admiralty licensed moneylenders bukit panjang licensed moneylenders choa chu kang licensed moneylenders Kranji licensed moneylenders mandai licensed moneylenders Marsiling licensed moneylenders sembawang licensed moneylenders upper bukit timah licensed moneylenders woodlands licensed moneylenders yishun licensed moneylenders chinatown licensed moneylenders city hall licensed moneylenders raffles place licensed moneylenders shenton way licensed moneylenders tanjong pagar licensed moneylenders changi licensed moneylenders pasir ris licensed moneylenders tampines licensed moneylenders Simei
Times are challenging in Singapore and consumers and businessowners are finding it harder to acce...
We feel that every customer relationship is very extremely important when it comes to business in...
licensed moneylenders jurong licensed moneylenders chinese garden licensed moneylenders bukit batok licensed moneylenders Bukit Gombak licensed moneylenders jurong west licensed moneylenders boon lay licensed moneylenders joo koon licensed moneylenders Lakeside licensed moneylenders Pioneer licensed moneylenders choa chu kang licensed moneylenders bukit panjang
There are personalised loan services available to each customer. We provide a manageable repaymen...
A PGA TOUR legend helped create one of the most emotional events in golf, so it’s only fitting that the story of the World’s Largest Golf Outing was featured on PGATOUR.com. Click HERE to read up on the genesis of this great event co-founded by World Golf Hall of Fame member Billy Casper. Read More
PGA Tour legend and World Golf Hall of Fame member Chi Chi Rodríguez will support the fifth annual “World’s Largest Golf Outing” set for Aug. 3 to benefit Wounded Warrior Project, and local golfers can become involved.Rodríguez is scheduled to participate in the event Aug. 2 at Eagle Read More
Sun 'N Lake is proud to be hosting the World's Largest Golf Outing once again as there are few callings more noble than serving one's country. The event's charitable partner is Wounded Warrior Project, which was created in 2003, by bringing backpacks to those injured warriors coming back from Read More
The fifth annual World’s Largest Golf Outing is set for Monday, August 3rd. Register today to participate in one of America’s largest, most rewarding golf experiences that has raised more than $2 million for Wounded Warrior Project since its inception in 2011. Play as a single or form a team and Read More
Some four months after the 2014 World's Largest Golf Outing, we're still marveling at not only what was accomplished at 118 golf facilities in August, but at the cumulative impact of four years of having a single, nationwide day of golf to benefit the Wounded Warrior Project.We decided to share a Read More
It has been almost a month since the 2014 World's Largest Golf Outing, and we're reliving the powerful day in this week's special Billy Casper Golf edition of Global Golf Post. We recap the day for 12,000 nationwide players that raised $875,000 in support of Wounded Warrior Project.The Global Golf Read More
Department of Human Functional Genomics, Life Science Research Center, and Department of Medical Genomics and Proteomics, Institute of Basic Sciences, Mie University Graduate School of Medicine, Mie, Japan
exciting wood carving sofa furniture teak wooden sofa set wooden carved sofa set manufacturer from best paint for decorating furniture.
This image has been posted by under best paint for decorating furniture tag. You are able to view more valuable reports in best furniture for decorating group.
Come join us for a fun kids Zumba Dance Party workout! This program is great for kids of all-ages! Held in Conference ABC.
Requiring the State Lottery Commission to adopt regulations prohibiting a video lottery operation licensee from extending more than $500 in credit to a patron of a video lottery facility within a 24-hour period.
Http://www. Tree path: root node clusters in node: 1000 spam scores: the spammiest documents have a score of 0, and the least spammy have a score of 99 the spam score is the percentage of documents in the collection more spammy than this document. Sample from a horse and the analysis of that sample under the sole and absolute authority and instruction of the bha for the presence or use of substances and methods prohibited at all times pursuant to the import requirement. Links to native american names: glossary of native american names places, persons, tribes etc native american tribes and languages.
Valve will release its steam digital distribution service for mac along with mac-native versions of its own games, the company confirmed today, calling the mac a 'tier-1 platform' donoma games’ shooter sniper strike finishes at second place, the shooter with a ‘hot hand’ in basketball, for example, is a myth studies show that. Weiner_the heart of the pearl shell - ebook download as word doc (doc), pdf file (pdf), text file (txt) or read book online social scientists often write the signature of their age in the unstated assumptions they make about the nature and reality of their subject for anthropologists of the colonial era, the reality of society corresponded to a native administration—official. I'm making a movie and in my movie i'm at the point where the characters are telling ghost stories and the one charecter is telling a ghost story right now is about girl who's a mix native american and i'm having trouble of figuring out good names for the girl in the storyplease and thank you for helping me.
Native symbols indian symbols native american symbols native american indians native americans aboriginal symbols native american shirts native american / legends native american history forward this poster of indian symbols would be great to use with a native american writing activity. The heart of the pearl shell: it is no surprise that the analysis of myth has been most commonly and closely associated with that of ritual for, like the former, ritual too is often interpreted as a topsy-turvy world of inversion, an inside-out morality myth and story provide the closures—cosmologically and morally—that ordinary. 1 2016 2 2016 3 2016 4 2016 5 2016 6 2016 7 2016 8 2016 9 2016 10 2016 11 2016 12 2016 13 2016 14 2016 15 2016 16 2016 17 2016 18 2016 19 2016 20. American libraries canadian libraries universal library community texts project gutenberg biodiversity heritage library children's library full text of the delineation of the day-signs in the aztec manuscripts.
This is a successful american immigrant story—and yet, it is also a unique and unprecedented story as well, one which demands that western law prevail over murderously misogynistic tribal honor codes. Native american names are very interesting as names for new babies because they have so much meaning behind them rooted in forces of nature, religion and personally desired characteristics, they translate into poetic epithets. Native american female names and there meanings from a to z abedabun: cheyenne name meaning sight of day abequa, abeque: cheyenne name meaning stays at home. In response to the professional interest in hong kong, i have written this paper on the historical, economic, and political context of social welfare and social services in hong kong, so that those outside of hong kong may have a better understanding of the broader context and development of social welfare and social services in hong kong.
American sniper takes several liberties with the story of chris kyle, but the inaccuracies have not harmed the film’s strong box office (warner bros) blurred lines one of the problems is that no narrative feature is going to be able to convey the absolute truth. I created this name generator using names form the us census of 1990 and some name sites found on the web this generator, by default, will generate 10 male or female names (both first and last) for the nationality you have chosen use the dropdown box on the 'male names' or female names' tabs to select which nationality you whish to generate a name for. An analysis of the story of donoma and migina a native american myth sonnet 18 essay essay magna carta paper aquinas’ and dante’s common ideals the case for christ a journalists why hunting should be banned.
Native american almika the sky donoma sight of the sun (omaha) fochik celestial stars (chickasaw) hakidonmuya time of waiting moon (hopi) intina sun eye (inca) ixkin she of the sun, pronounced eesh-keen (yucateco maya) kiche sky spirit (cree) magena moon mapiya sky (sioux) miakoda power of the moon migina returning moon. Native american words posted on february 10, 2010 by admin native american names & meanings from female donoma: omaha name meaning “sight of the sun” makkitotosimew: algonquin name meaning she has large breasts”. This analysis serves as a basis for assumptions concerning upscaling approaches used to model pesticide leaching from the catchment with the macro model (jarvis et al, this meeting) the work focused on the spatial variability of two key soil properties for pesticide fate in soil, organic carbon and clay content. Native american names & meanings 1) use a native american variant of a hebrew or christian name, for example, kateri (catherine) or atian (stephen) this is the native american equivalent of spanish names like catalina (catherine) and esteban (stephen.
American libraries canadian libraries universal library community texts project gutenberg biodiversity heritage library children's library open library testingswapiupload1_su featured movies all video latest this just in prelinger archives democracy now full text of bibliography of sex rites and customs. Film comment selects the full program is below i plan to review sokurov's faust, james franco's my own. Native americans beauty native american animals native american drawing native american girls native american wisdom native american clothing native american warrior american life forward black and white photo of a native american woman in a headdress nose-to-nose with a curious looking white horse.
Alvaro Beamud Cortes did quite the job capturing the influence of this lookbook. Everything is so mesmerizing. The heavy bangles, the flawless layering, the seducing furs, the ragged make-up! I want it all. Especially the Rag & Bone poncho. I think I’m going to sell my clothes, buy every piece in this lookbook, and escape for the hills. Nomadic living is my calling.
Tagged Alexander Wang, Alvaro Beamud Cortes, Cristina Perez-Hernando, Dior, Donna Karen, January 2013, Maria Palm Dons, Michael Kors, nomadic, Rag & Bone, S Moda
Chiropractic Frisco TX treatment involves “adjustment” of the spine via a series of physical manipulations. All chiropractors treat back problems, but many of them believe that spinal manipulation, the hallmark intervention of chiropractic, is also effective for a wide range of conditions unrelated to the spine, including asthma, ear infections and colic in infants.
The chiropractic adjustment directly affects the nerve system. It causes the nerve system to stop creating the stress response. The hormones that support stress cease to be created, and the body creates endorphins that support growth and well-being. Don’t continue living with the stress and pain of life’s knocks. You can come to us for chiropractic services and begin to live a whole new life.
Living life takes a toll on our bodies. Whether it’s from stress, work, or our eating habits, the toxins and traumas that we receive throughout our daily life over the years adds up. Eventually these traumas and toxins lead to dysfunction in our organs, tissues and joints.
Are you experiencing pain in your neck or lower back? Are you having problems sleeping or having chronic headaches? If so, you need the help of a chiropractor in Frisco, TX. At Life Changing Chiropractic, we can help with all kinds of pain because we don’t think you should have to suffer with or be […]
Stress is a killer, that fact is well known in the medical community. Stress is so much more than just a feeling of being overwhelmed. It is a literal physical response in our bodies. When we experience stress our bodies kick into hyper drive, instigating a series of hormones released in chain reactions. One of […]
If you are dealing with pain or chronic pain of any kind, you should consider going in for a chiropractor’s visit. You may be surprised how quickly you will feel better. Here are a few ailments a chiropractor in Frisco TX can treat: Migraine Headaches If you suffer from chronic migraines, you aren’t alone. In […]
Do you visit the chiropractor in Frisco TX regularly? If not, you may be surprised how quickly it can change your life. This might be the perfect week to visit a chiropractor for the first time, or to set up regular appointments. The Perfect Posture Nobody has perfect posture. Okay, professional ballerinas might. But the […]
You have wanted to visit a chiropractor in Frisco TX for years but are feeling a little uncomfortable. It will be a new situation and you’re not sure what to expect. Don’t feel overwhelmed. It is like that for a lot of people who are doing something for the first time. You are probably in […]
When is the last time you were headache free, felt well rested or able to move your body without experiencing aches and pains? At Life Changing Chiropractic, your Chiropractor Frisco TX experts, we are invested in your total body health and wellness. With our services and understanding of the body we will help to put […]
Dealing with lower back pain in Frisco TX can be a chronic and persistent problem that interrupts almost every aspect of your life. When your lower back hurts it affects how you walk, how you sit, and even how you sleep. When lower back pain is allowed to go unchecked, it can spread pain throughout […]
Dealing with lower back pain in Frisco TX is an important element to taking care of your overall physical well being. When your back is in pain, that pain will travel up and down your body and spread the pain throughout your entire frame. The lower back is especially critical for this kind of spreading […]
If you’re experiencing lower back pain in Frisco TX and it’s affecting every part of your life, you need chiropractic help today. Lower back pain is the number one back complaint among patients who seek out chiropractic treatment. At Life Changing Chiropractic, your pain relief is our priority. We know that medications only mask the […]
Handling your upper back pain Frisco TX can be a serious problem for those who suffer from it. Too much back pain can keep you from performing tasks that you used to handle with ease. But you aren’t stuck just sitting around and waiting for the pain to go away. You can turn your pain […]
Our mission is to provide Frisco, McKinney, and the surrounding communities, affordable, reliable healthcare, and expert health advise. In the process of helping our patients heal, we educate and empower them to take an active role in living a healthy life. Life is a journey and so is your health, let us be your guide.
Offering free set of tests designed .. You can use HP PC Hardware Diagnostics even if the computer .. This tool is intended for use by HP Authorized Service .
Using the DMI utility from HP to Modify HWBOM number for System Recovery DVD.. .. own Motherboard DMI with this utility "run from .. to get this HDDDMI for HP .
I've read some forum and found that HP DMI tool can help me but I don't know how to use it.. .. HP DMI utility tool use?! Options.
.. burn in MB s/n using DMI tool/utility (21 posts) .. Ok I have the HP DMI tool.. .. I wouldn't get one of their products even if it was free.
Jiyang is a New York City based fashion and portrait photographer, also known for his background in music. He is an accomplished concert pianist who similarly studied at
We decided to meet up at Washington Square Park before the sun rose. In NYC, commuting can be quite the adventure. Taking the subway from Upper Manhattan to the Lower East Side is interesting on any given day, but before 6 am on a Saturday felt somewhat eerie. You see we wanted a location and time of day where people weren’t swarming the area. Although we weren’t the only people in the park that morning, it definitely had more of a peaceful feeling.
For hours I danced around the park, hiding in the bushes to change my clothes. My darling friend Stephanie Yonkovich graciously lent me a few pieces from her fabulous closet.
Dance photography is never an easy task, but I have to say Jiyang seems to be capable of tackling just about anything. I really appreciate his attention to detail and his sensitivity to my critical eye for movement.
History Select Month November 2018 October 2018 May 2018 April 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 October 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014
Plesk is a hosting control panel with simple and secure web server and website management tools. It was specially designed to help IT specialists manage web, DNS, mail and other services through a comprehensive and user-friendly GUI. Learn more about Plesk.
Plesk provides several test pages that you can use for checking the scripting features, testing database connections and mail sending.
Please note that in order for us to protect our members from spam and unwanted solicitations, your message may be reviewed before being forwarded to this organization. Any abuse of this email system will be reported to the FTC.
Networking, business exposure and visibility, resources, community involvement, powerful voice, cost saving programs, destination marketing.
Connect and Engage the Meadowlands Regional Chamber membership in ways that will Inspire and Empower leadership, innovation and action with a commitment to organizational excellence and effectiveness- that leads to the sustained economic prosperity of our membership and the Meadowlands region.
LAPodcast (Local Anaesthetic Podcast) - The Most Trusted Name in Local News : LA 135: Raising a Smile and Relief from this Election Rubbish
The most trusted name in local news: Local Anaesthetic is a podcast exploring strange and funny local stories from across the UK (and occasionally the world...) including listener submitted contributions.
Getting to the green might seem like all of the work, but if it takes you just as many strokes to sink your ball while on the green, you will still have a high scoring round. This is why many of the top golfers will spend hours every week just practicing their putting. This is an often neglected part of practice for most golfers because they see this as easy while correcting a slice is hard. If... Continue Reading
Our specialties include frequent golfer programs, fully stocked professional shop , ice sculptures, memberships available, new, outings & leagues welcome, professional consultants, rehearsal dinners, restaurants and wedding cakes. Our preferred brands include lampkin grips. We can assist you with banquet facilities, challenging 9 hole course, memberships available, new, fully stocked professional shop , night golf, outings & leagues welcome and restaurants. 9 hole golf course, restaurant available, banquet facility. Open for business open daily.
If you have used the services of Willow Valley Public Golf we'd love to hear from you! Use the form below to review and comment on your experience.
Local Golf Search .org does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of any information on this site.
As a blogger, you want to get traffic to your site and make money. Once of the simplest ways to do this is through your e-mail newsletter. But, getting those people to want to sign up can pose a challenge. The simplest way to get people to sign up for something is to give them something for free.
Think about the blogs that you follow. Go back and look at their site and their e-mail newsletter sign-up boxes. How many of them offer something free if you sign up? Chances are, most of them do this. They do it for one reason. It works.
If you are new to blogging, you may not even know what an e-mail list is. Your e-mail list are the readers who sign up to get regular newsletters (via e-mail) from you. They sign up because they are interested in your site and want to continue to learn more about what you have to say.
The #1 reason you need an e-mail list is that you are in control of getting your content out to the people who want to see it. You know you can’t rely upon Facebook or Pinterest as the algorithms are always changing. Sure, you post there, but not everyone will always see your site.
Several years back, Facebook showed every post made on every page in your newsfeed. As a marketer, it was such a simple way to get traffic as everyone would see what you were doing. Then, they made changes and it all disappeared – literally overnight.
Traffic tanked and it left bloggers struggling to find a way to make up that lost traffic. The same can be said for Pinterest. Many algorithm changes have had a negative effect on traffic to blogs and websites.
Social media is the one marketing tool over which you have no control. However, when it comes to your e-mail list, you own it. You control what is in it, when it shared and even who will see it.
Not only do you have more control, but the people on your list are interested in the content on your site. They are often more engaged and willing to click to read your posts and more importantly, buy the products you recommend! Your e-mail list is a simple tool to help increase income.
If you have not already done so, you will need to sign up with an e-mail provider. There are a few platforms I have recommended, including , , and .
If you are new to creating a list, I would advise starting with . It is free up to 1,000 subscribers, so it can help with your budget. I use on this site and on another. Sign up with your provider. I recommend reading any of the tutorials that they offer so you can figure out how to find the link to put onto your site, create sign up forms and link the account to sign-up forms on your blog.
The simple way to get readers to sign up is to first, have content that they want to read. Therefore, it is important that you be 100% authentic and original. Be yourself. However, that is not the only thing you need to do.
An opt-in is a free item that you offer to entice people to sign up for your list. It can be a printable image, e-book, infographic, checklist, template, cheat sheet…..almost anything you want to offer. It must be in a digital format so that it can be e-mailed directly to your subscribers (via your e-mail provider).
The simplest idea is to find the content on your site and look at it. Perhaps you have a post series that you could turn into an opt-in. Or, maybe you have a post that you could write in more detail that may make a better printable checklist.
You might have 10 recipes that all relate that you could put into a book. It could even be a new idea about something you want to market to your readers.
Whatever you decide, make sure that it relates to your site. For example, I’d never put a printable about essential oils on this site as it is about blogging and social media. Essential oils has nothing to do with that. It would cause confusion and alienate those who signed up thinking that I would have newsletters talking about oils. Imagine the shock when they get an email about creating an opt-in! They’d all unsubscribe. I’d lose credibility.
Once you know what your opt-in will be, it is time to create it. There are some simple ways that you can do this — all of which are FREE!
GOOGLE DRIVE: You can create a document in Google. Once it is in the format you like, download it as a. Then, you can upload to your autoresponder with your e-mail provider and it will be sent as soon as someone signs up.
WORD: If you have MS Word, you can also create your opt-in form here. It can also be saved in a format as well, so you can add it to your e-mail auto responder.
CANVA: If you want graphics on your opt-in, Canva is a great resource. They even offer different templates that you can use (infographic templates are incredible). While most of the elements they offer are free, there are some which cost $1 each to use (and you can edit the document for up to 24 hours after you first download it, before you will need to pay for the element again). Make sure you export this as a as well.
Once you have your e-mail provider and your opt-in, you are ready to create the autoresponder. The autoresponder is the e-mail that is automatically sent once someone signs up for your newsletter. This is the only way to do an opt-in, as you sure don’t want to manually email every single person!
Each e-mail service has its own autoresponder. They may refer to it by a different name. For example, on ActiveCampaign and ConvertKit, it is called Automations. I’ll walk through how to do this on each platform, so you will know how to do this yourself.
Then, click on the +Create Form Button (beneath the graph). Next, decide if you want a large landing page where people will go to sign up, or if you want a form. I use the forms so that I can quickly embed that into each of my posts. For the sake of this lesson, we will use forms.
Select the form style you want to have on your site. I recommend the middle option so that you can include an image of your freebie (images can help in generating more sign ups).
Customize the form. You can change the colors, images, wording, etc. Make sure that you include details for your freebie so the reader knows what he or she will receive. Once customized, click on Settings. This is where you will add in the opt-in.
Next, click on Incentive Email. Edit the content here as you see fit. Try to personalize it a bit, so it is not so generic. It defaults to Confirm Your Subscription. You could change it to – Confirm Now to Get Your ______________. That way, people know to confirm (they won’t get the freebie if they do not). Once done with that, click on Incentive Download and upload your opt-in form.
You can look through the other options to change the style and other features of your form as needed. When you are happy with how it looks, hit Save Form (at the bottom of the box).
You need to add the plugin to your WordPress blog. That will link your sign-up boxes to your site. Now, when you type a post, you can click the box from your dashboard and add it to your post (see image below).
It is also easy to create an opt-in on Active Campaign. Before you start, make sure you create a list for the opt-in (as you will use it in the next step — go to Lists, Add a new list and fill in the boxes). Then, click on Automations from the blue menu bar.
You will see some additional boxes come up to help guide you through the process. Follow the steps and fill out the sections as needed. You will then see a flow chart, like this:
Click on “Here’s Your Free Gift” so you can edit it. You will want to create an email. Click on this. You will then be able to create your email. Just make sure that somewhere in the email you include the link to your (which you will want to have hosted on your site, in your media files).
Once you have created the opt-in and the automation to send it, you have to advertise it on your site. There are some simple ways to do this.
ConvertKit. If you use ConvertKit, add the plugin to your site. Then, you will be able to click a link from a drop down and select the opt in form you want added to your site (it will be in the dashboard when you create a new site). It will be placed at the bottom of your post.
Your e-mail provider. Look at the options available through your e-mail provider. Some may offer opt-in forms, but most do not. The majority of them just provide a simple link that you place on your site, which is not a true opt-in form. Make sure that what your readers sees tells them what the opt-in will provide to them.
This is an other plug-in as well. This one allows you to add your opt-in form on a post, as a pop-up or even as a welcome bar (at the top of your site). What is really great about this service is that you can test two forms against one another and it will automatically keep the one that has the highest conversion.
For instance, if you are not sure if a slide in at the bottom of your page works better than a hello bar at the very top, you can have those two compete against one another for a period of time. At the end of the testing period, ThriveLeads will determine which one was more successful and keep that one live on your site – but disable the one that does not do as well.
In addition, you can create opt-in boxes and place code anywhere in your posts you would like for the form to appear. You are not limited to placement at the bottom of your post (such as with ConvertKit).
It takes a little time to create your opt-in and the mailing sequence, but once it is done, you’ll start to see those email opt-ins start to increase!
Sign up right now to gain access to our free printable forms including a budget, chore charts and more!
I'm Teresa! Several years ago, my husband and I found a way to work ourselves out of more than $35,000 in debt. As a result of our journey, we now help families learn to do the same. I share my tips on knowledge. skill.and finances - to help others achieve this same goal of living a debt free knowledge. Learn more about me and my skill.HERE.
Sign up now and get access to our FREE forms library, where you will find a budget, chore charts for your kids and MORE!
Listed on this page are all the postcodes located in the CH46 postcode district we currently have information for on LocationCounts. To find information for properties, schools, crime, travel and the environment in and around the postcode simply click on the link to view the full details.
We are thrilled to announce our latest and greatest hearing solution—Beltone Amaze™. Enjoy an amazing hearing experience with some of the most innovative features available.
If you're looking for the best in hearing care, we invite you to discover the Beltone Difference. It starts by making sure hearing trouble is actually hearing loss – many times it's not. If it is, you can try the tiniest and most advanced hearing aids you'll find anywhere – right here in the office. Add to that our compassionate hearing care and comprehensive aftercare, and you'll understand why Beltone patients are so satisfied. By choosing Beltone, you're assured a lifetime of individualized attention – for you and your hearing instruments.
334 222-5200 for a state-of-the-art hearing evaluation. Our screenings are always free. Or, simply click here to make an appointment. All of us here at BELTONE HEARING CARE CENTER look forward to showing you how easy it can be to love your hearing!
Please note that we are closed on the following National Holidays: New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Fourth of July, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day
We believe that Beltone offers the best products and service in the industry. But if you don't believe us, just listen to some of our customers!
Wondering if you, or someone you love, might need hearing assistance? Curious how much hearing aids cost? Click here
A leader in hearing technology, Beltone offers an unmatched assortment of hearing instruments that deliver remarkably natural sound and wireless connectivity, combined with comfort and cosmetic appeal. Find out how easy it can be to regain good hearing!
Good hearing makes it easy to stay connected with people, remain independent and excel on the job. And hearing loss can increase your risk for Alzheimer's disease, balance issues and more. Because hearing loss often develops gradually, here are 10 significant reasons why it's important to know if you have hearing loss.
Beltone patients review their experiences with Beltone's people, hearing aids, hearing care and service. Click here
Here at Beltone, we know how important good hearing is to the health and happiness of our patients. Hearing clearly keeps us connected with friends and loved ones, aware of our surroundings, and independent. Also, by keeping the brain properly stimulated, good hearing may lower our risk for Alzheimer's disease, depression and balance issues.
Our mission doesn't stop with finding just the right hearing instrument for each patient we serve. It continues with making sure you're totally comfortable with your hearing instruments in every way. Visit Beltone soon! And join the ranks of the “happily hearing”.
Board Certified by the National Board for Certification in Hearing Instrument Sciences. Howard is licensed in Alabama and Florida. He is a Beltone Master Hearing Aid Practioner, a member of the International Hearing Society, The Florida Society of Hearing Healthcare Professionals, and The Alabama Society of Hearing Healthcare Providers. Howard holds an AA degree in Liberal Arts, BA degree in Spanish and English, and an MBA degree. Howard prides himself in providing compassionate service to the hearing impaired community. Howard with his wife, Margaret, in December of 2004 purchased the Pensacola practice. In 2006 they were awarded the 2005 ROOKIE OF THE YEAR AWARD as one of the best new practices in the United States. This practice was the recipient of the 2010 BELTONE AWARD OF EXCELLENCE FOR THE SOUTHEAST REGION.
Derek is licensed in both Alabama and Florida and serves as the primary practitioner in our Andalusia, Atmore and Milton locations. Derek holds both a Bachelor of Business Administration and a Bachelor of Science and Bible from Freed-Hardeman University. In addition, he also holds a Master of Arts in Religion from Harding University.
Derek is an active member of the Alabama Society of Hearing Healthcare Providers. In 2011 he was presented with a Pacesetter Award for exemplary performance in maintaining the high standards of ethical and conscientious service to the hard of hearing public.
"Whether working with Beltone or volunteering at church I find my greatest joy when I am able to help someone improve their life. The feeling I get when I am able to help someone hear their family and be able to communicate with others again is beyond description. I take pride in our mission at Beltone and love being able to "help the world hear better."
Hope is the Patient Care Coordinator at our Andalusia location alongside Derek Hancock. Hope has had the pleasure of working with Derek for the past 2 years after her husband purchased hearing aids from him. As the wife of someone with a hearing disability, Hope knows exactly how important hearing health is for her patients, those she knows already and those continues to meet along the way. Hope is a people person and enjoys getting to interact with patients day in and day out, all the while assisting in their health care.
Hope was born and raised in Covington County, AL. Hope has been married for 30 years and has one daughter, Tara. For the past 9 years, Hope and her husband, Terry, have been rescuing and raising dachshunds.
Discount off MSRP. Cannot be combined with other offers, coupons or insurance plans. Previous purchases excluded. Participation may vary. See office for details. Benefits of hearing aids vary by type and degree of hearing loss, noise environment, accuracy of hearing evaluation and proper fit. Beltone Hearing Care Centers are independently owned and operated. Participation may vary. © 2014 Beltone.
Beltone patients review their experiences with Beltone's people, hearing aids, hearing care and service. Click on a video story below to learn about how their lives have changed with Beltone hearing aids.
Beltone Dispensers in Andalusia, Alabama | The best in hearing care. Try the tiniest and most advanced hearing aids you'll find anywhere - right here in the office.
One such best thing you can effortlessly incorporate to your house is a sliding door. The sliding door with thick glass is in trend now and it adds an edgy look and feel to your house by allowing light and air into your house making the room more comfortable and cool. This is the main reason for the popularity of sliding doors with glass. But the problem comes with the indecision with security issues. Many of us think that we can't stay secure enough with a glass door. Change your thoughts right now, because the Locksmiths are now fully certified and trained and latest innovations in this field have given ways to provide more security. The sliding glass doors get such security with locks made by experienced and highly qualified Collegeville locksmith.
Gone are the days where you compromise style for security and opt for steel and wood doors instead of stylish and elegant looking glass sliding doors. Sliding doors no more serve as an entry to your house for thieves and teens. The security and locking system to sliding doors can be made tight and heavy with Collegeville emergency locksmith services. The weak locks and easy openings will be made strong and difficult for those who want to intrude your private space or for those who want to steal your valuables. With the help of the locksmith you can have both style and security to your house. With the increased knowledge, a locksmith can provide you extra security for your sliding glass doors.
Most company's sliding doors comes with locks that are so easy to open. If you get such a sliding door, you need to call a locksmith and ask him to make a lock for sliding door which will provide high quality. But if you don't want to change company's locking system provided along with the sliding glass door, then you can opt for an Iron Gate and security bars which will add security to your house and peace to your mind. These iron gates and security bars can be locked with a heavy locking system. A Collegeville car locksmith can provide the locking systems and keys made with quality which will give the security you need without compromising the style you want.
Good looking granny slut with rel cunt enjoys getting naked at home in her bedroom, even she is redhead and have glasses that makes her more sexy and more attractive mature granny. She looks sexy and gorgeous with that black lingerie stoking even her legs are not round but her ass is round and sexy, if you like her then you will like all other granny cunt owner that this site hosts and ready to show for you. Just tale trail membership and you will get all benefits of it.
A Faculty/Student Seminar directed by Peter Brooks (Andrew W. Mellon Foundation Scholar, UCHV and Comp. Lit.) and Bernadette Meyler (LAPA Fellow and Professor, Cornell Law School).
An inquiry into the relation of the reading and interpretation of scripture to laws, whether derived from texts held to be sacred or designed to regulate their effects, and to Law as an idea and an ethos in which we live. The Seminar explores the interpretation of fundamental texts from three major religious traditions-Judaism, Christianity, and Islam-and legal texts that derive from them or comment on them, as well as laws conceived to police, regulate, or accommodate religion; also the ways in which literature dramatizes the role of law, and of Law, in its discovery of the limits to human action.
This series is sponsored by The University Center for Human Values, the Department of Comparative Literature and The Law and Public Affairs Program in the Woodrow Wilson School, and funded by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation’s Distinguished Achievement Award.
Organic is great, but are the ingredients in your skin care products indigenously sourced and mood balancing?
I could say it’s all about our plant-based ingredients, not testing on animals, or how the products are made with love, but many of the green beauty brands offer similar attributes.
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later. (c) Harold S. Geneen
On Christmas night, 1776, George Washington led an army of 2,400 across the Delaware River. George Washington’s men and cannons crossed the icy river in rowboats and began the march towards Trenton in a freezing storm. After reaching the outskirts of Trenton, the Continental Army, launched an unexpected attack on the 1400 Hessian defenders. The troops overwhelmed the drunken German mercenaries and quickly surrounded almost all of Trenton. Although it was the first major U.S. victory in the Revolutionary war, it was a significant one. It proved to the American people that the Continental army were capable of victory and worthy of support.
To me this painting is timeless because it shows the different people of different colonies uniting and their persistence to win, even with the difficult obstacles they had to face. The Continental army lacked supplies, had less advanced military weapons, and had fewer soldiers. With the leadership of George Washington, the U.S. came out victorious against the stronger British Empire. Even though the painting shows all of the troops, I feel like George Washington is glorified in this painting as a hero, as he should be. George Washington clearly stands out in the painting with his chest out and unwavering confidence. He was not only a great and successful military general; he also helped lay the foundation for the United States, serving two times as president. In my opinion, George Washington, is one of the greatest leaders in world history.
When was this painting made? I think it must have helped to add to George Washington’s fame. Thanks for posting this.
Can Shakespeare teach us lessons about our modern society? What is your view of political power? ...
The Shawshank Redemption by Stephen King is book about how a man gets wrongly convicted of murdering...
Marijuana is still illegal in more than 20 states. The rest of the U.S. has legalized marijuana in some form for recreational, or for medical purposes. Maine is the most recent...
Romechia Simms, a mother of a three year old toddler receives mental health treatment instead of going...
Most people are unaware that October is dysautonomia awareness month. Dysautonomia refers to a disorder...
“A semicolon is used when the author could have ended the sentence but chose to continue it. You are...
A 1979 Hungarian language comedy film directed by György Palásthy, starring Gyuri Hintsch, Mónika Ullmann and János Rajz.
© 2018 Grant Thornton Finland - All rights reserved. "Grant Thornton” refers to the brand under which the Grant Thornton member firms provide assurance, tax and advisory services to their clients and/or refers to one or more member firms, as the context requires. GTIL and the member firms are not a worldwide partnership. GTIL and each member firm is a separate legal entity. Services are delivered by the member firms. GTIL does not provide services to clients. GTIL and its member firms are not agents of, and do not obligate, one another and are not liable for one another’s acts or omissions.
NEWSLETTER MAKEOVER CLINIC: Let the DTG Design team give you a critique of your publication and provide helpful advice on how to make it the best it can be! Get started today
Bursting with new features, Apple's iMovie '09 is vastly more usable and complete than iMovie '08--amazing right out of the box. But the box doesn't include a good user's guide, so learning these applications is another matter. "iMovie '09 & iDVD: The Missing Manual" (O'Reilly Media, $39.99 USD) gets you up to speed on everything you need to turn raw digital footage into highly creative video projects.
This book is designed to serve as the iMovie/iDVD manual, as many of the best techniques aren't covered in the only "manual" you get with iLife--its electronic help screens. "iMovie '09 & iDVD: The Missing Manual" explores each iMovie feature in depth, offers illustrated catalogs of the various title and transition effects, offers shortcuts and workarounds, and unearths features that the online help doesn't even mention.
You get crystal-clear, jargon-free explanations of iMovie's new video effects, slow & fast motion, advanced drag & drop, video stabilization, and more. From choosing and using a digital camcorder to burning the finished work onto DVDs, posting it online, or creating versions for iPod and iPhone, "iMovie '09 & iDVD: The Missing Manual" helps you zoom right in on the details and stay competitive in your field.
Editing Basics. iMovie '09 teems with speed tips, hidden features, and powerful shortcuts. This book covers them all--even the alpha-channel title trick.
Stunning Effects. iMovie '09 can take shaky, boring footage and make it look smooth and professional. Learn how to make the most of your movie's potential. -
Finding an audience. Export your masterpieces to the Web (YouTube, MobileMe, or your own site), an AppleTV, an iPod, or even your iPhone. -
Whether you plan to make the next indie hit or just better home movies, this book will let you marry the stunning quality of digital video with the power of your imagination.
Aaron Miller is a part-time lawyer, part-time professor, and runs a software company serving nonprofit organizations. In all of his spare time, he authors the blog "Unlocking iMovie" (http://www.unlockingimovie.com), his own little way of trying to make the Mac world a better place. If he's not at his computer, he's probably playing Ultimate Frisbee or "tickle monster" with his kids.
David Pogue, Yale '85, is the weekly personal-technology columnist for the New York Times and an Emmy award-winning tech correspondent for CBS News. His funny tech videos appear weekly on CNBC. And with 3 million books in print, he is also one of the world's bestselling how-to authors. He wrote or co-wrote seven books in the "For Dummies" series (including Macs, Magic, Opera, and Classical Music). In 1999, he launched his own series of amusing, practical, and user-friendly computer books called Missing Manuals, which now includes over 100 titles.
O'Reilly Media spreads the knowledge of innovators through its books, online services, magazines, and conferences. Since 1978, O'Reilly Media has been a chronicler and catalyst of cutting-edge development, homing in on the technology trends that really matter and spurring their adoption by amplifying "faint signals" from the alpha geeks who are creating the future. An active participant in the technology community, the company has a long history of advocacy, meme-making, and evangelism.
Lots of fun and information for all... don't forget, any community is only as good as the participation of its members. We invite your tips, tricks, comments, suggestions and camaraderie.
Ask for the DT&G Monthly: to receive DT&G newsletter each month, happenings in the Design Center and regular columns like the "Mail Bag" and "Cool Sites"
Link to this site, and then show us the link. We'll send you any of our current door prizes, just for your trouble.
Submit your Software Review: shareware, freeware, fonts, graphics, utilities -- if you've found software you like, let DT&G readers know about it!
Learning, training, tips, tricks, and moreThe Design Bookshelf team reads and reviews the best books for the creative visual designer, desktop publishing practitioner and visual communicator. If you want to know it -- we'll show you the very best way to learn it... in the Designer's Bookshelf
Get more out of your computer: join a user group - There are computer clubs around the world called "user groups" where you find fellow computer users ready and willing to share a wealth of information. If you're not a UG member, you should be.. find a group at the User Group Network
Photoshop FAQ - Got a question? Get an answer: in the Photoshop 911 FAQ if you don't find the answer there, you can ask your question or send your problem to the Photoshop 911 Team
About The Design & Publishing Center: First established in 1994 to provide an online web site for DT&G Zine. DT&G was originally published each month on AOL and Compuserve for attendees of Fred Showker's design and publishing seminar and conference appearances. Click here to contact us DT&G welcomes your articles, comments and contributions. Our "Writer's Guidelines" are available for those of you who would like to be published in The Design Center Publications. Help support a healthier Spam-free environment! Please read our Legal Trademark Notice & Copyright Notices. The Design & Publishing Center is owned by Showker Graphic Arts & Design, Harrisonburg, Virginia, in the beautiful Shenandoah Valley of Virginia, established in 1972 -- 540-433-8402. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED, Copyright 1994 through present Showker, Inc.
Follow my blog with Bloglovin Follow my blog over on Blog Lovin! Please comment with yours if you would like a follow back!
Wow, oh wow. Let me say the day for me started off this bottle here: Senor Coconut Ciroc ! A few shots of that....after that..chilled f...
Definitely a dope mix between hot and burn and cool and sweet. Great shot! 1/2 Rumchata 1/2 Fireball Whiskey
Howard McNamara may have only 12 NHL games on his resume, but make no mistake - this giant defenseman was one of the best - and baddest - players of his era.
The native of Randolf, Ontario spent six seasons in the National Hockey Association - the NHL's forerunner - including a season as the captain of the 1916 Stanley Cup champion Montreal Canadiens.
McNamara was a big - BIG - man for his era at six feet and 240 pounds! And his penalty minute totals suggest he certainly was not afraid to use his size to his advantage.
But he was also a very good player. He led all defensemen in scoring in that 1916 season. He liked to rush the puck, much to anticipation of the fans. He rolled up ice like a locomotive and scored 44 goals in 94 career NHA games.
Howard and his Hockey Hall of Fame worthy older brother George - together they were dubbed The Dynamite Twins - both left hockey to serve in World War I. Howard tried returning to the ice, signing with the Canadiens - now of the National Hockey League - just before Christmas 1919. He would get into twelve games and score just one goal before retiring.
Unfortunately Howard only lived until the age of 49. He died on his yacht while fishing near Deseronto, Ontario.
I take pride in offering my work for free. If you like my work, and you think it's worth buying me a cup of coffee, donate a buck. I'm going to keep doing my work for free because I love doing this, but I'd greatly appreciate your support!
Note this image has medium resolution. Full high resolution 8 megapixels photoset with 157 pictures you'll find inside MetArt members area.
Many sites claim to have the best photos, but none can match the photography, movies, and models at MetArt. Our collection of erotic photography also far surpasses the competition in terms of quality. We bring you high resolution photos that show you every detail of the model, and sensual movies shot in high definition. The number of models we have is staggering, with over 2,600 of them gracing our pages. Regardless of where your tastes lie, you won't have any trouble finding hot girls in their nude, natural splendor. Nobody can compete with the sheer artistry displayed by our photographers, or the breathtaking beauty of our models. We hope you enjoy the world of nude erotic art photography as much as we enjoy sharing it with you!
The Green Economics Institute Trust © 2007 - 2018 Registered Charity No. 1117638 in England with the Charities Commission. Powered by Kreatif Design Ltd.
After last year's post about washing the Ferguson with the help of pet lambs, I have decided that this should be a new tradition. Unfortunately the Fergie wouldn't start, which was not all that surprising since it hadn't been out of the shed since the year before. But there was another tractor deserving of some attention: the 40-ish-year-old 135. It is always helping with odd jobs around the yard and it hadn't been cleaned since... forever. As with last time I had a lot of help.
Pip as usual made sure that tractor went nowhere (no one has had the heart to tell her about the invention of the handbrake).
It was a blazingly warm day and so the lambs wisely followed me into the shade. This is Boy From the Crate and Mo:
The lambs also helped by nibbling at the grass that is starting to grow through the cracks in the concrete even though I cleaned it last year. And of course, once she saw me Audrey had to come over.
I had just finished cleaning the tractor and there was a puddle that Kerry Hill 71 Sister just had to investigate.
I think Penny, despite her early growth spurt, is going to be a small sheep. Kerry Hill 71 Sister is almost a month younger and one of two and she's almost the same height.
Most the lambs, however, disappeared around the corner - I hardly saw anything of Titch and Miss Piggy.
I found a selection of lambs browsing on the ivy that grows on the walls and the grass that grows on the edges of the yard.
I don't think we have any/many Kerry Hills over here. Good thing probably as I'd be going around trying to steal them :-D.
The adventures of a farmer/amateur photographer, four adorable dogs, one tiny pony and many, many sheep and lambs on a farm in the stunningly beautiful Northern Irish countryside.
ARCHIVE November 2018 (1) October 2018 (4) September 2018 (3) August 2018 (5) July 2018 (6) June 2018 (9) May 2018 (16) April 2018 (12) March 2018 (10) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (8) December 2017 (8) November 2017 (5) October 2017 (8) September 2017 (9) August 2017 (13) July 2017 (14) June 2017 (16) May 2017 (15) April 2017 (13) March 2017 (9) February 2017 (6) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (16) November 2016 (14) October 2016 (12) September 2016 (12) August 2016 (9) July 2016 (11) June 2016 (9) May 2016 (11) April 2016 (12) March 2016 (17) February 2016 (16) January 2016 (18) December 2015 (18) November 2015 (19) October 2015 (25) September 2015 (15) August 2015 (11) July 2015 (14) June 2015 (16) May 2015 (16) April 2015 (15) March 2015 (5) February 2015 (6) January 2015 (2) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (6) September 2014 (8) August 2014 (7) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (6) May 2014 (4) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (3) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (1) August 2013 (1) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (2) March 2013 (3) February 2013 (2) January 2013 (8) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (5) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (1) July 2012 (3) June 2012 (3) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (7) February 2012 (5) January 2012 (4) December 2011 (14) November 2011 (6) October 2011 (11) September 2011 (8) August 2011 (20) July 2011 (17) June 2011 (17) May 2011 (14) April 2011 (24) March 2011 (18) February 2011 (22) January 2011 (14) December 2010 (15) November 2010 (12) October 2010 (20) September 2010 (11) August 2010 (20) July 2010 (16) June 2010 (21) May 2010 (23) April 2010 (18) March 2010 (13)
Every morning when we go to the field to feed the lambs, we are greeted by the lambs and... their friend. Blue Belle takes it upon her...
Teddy had a great birthday today, riding around with me in the tractor and receiving even more cuddles than usual. We had a little photosho...
As usual I started by making a bee-line for the Home Industries tent to find out how my photos fared in the competition. In the Unusual Angl...
Hurricane Irene Is Supposed To Hit Our Area On Tuesday Morning. Electrical Outages Are Expected. Prepare This Weekend
Started back in 2003, TransIP originates from the idea that everything can always be improved. By continuously innovating we have grown to become the largest registrar in the Netherlands.
Eager black babe introduced to hot lesbian. Pretty glamour babe with strappy stilettos a bra panties and krystal boyd has sex in black. Granny still enjoys sucking.
Ass up thats the way i like to. Most good cumming on mamas. Images, gifs and videos featured four times a your anaconda definitely wants fun fact we deliver faster than.
Latex Cumshot Pierced. Nautica thorn and anita blue show off their nude bodies and blow a guy by Nautica thorn teen dreams
Nautica Thorn Nude Beautiful erotica in high resolution New hot nude pics devoted to feminine beauty are published in here every day for you to get full pleasure from it. Naughty skinny amateur chick fucked on. Sexy russian girl busting.
On this page you can find all the information you need about Greetland Private Day Nursery, including our current fees and our latest Ofsted report.
Application Pack (detailed information of the different care packages available, fees and application forms)
We know that childcare is a major expense for most families and we are happy to offer a range of care packages to meet the differing needs of each family. Please contact us to discuss your requirements further.
You can find more detail on our current fees and care packages in either the brochure or the application pack, which you can download by clicking the links above.
We are closed on Bank Holidays, from December 25th to January 2nd, and for 2 staff training days which are advised annually. We do not charge for days we are closed.
All childcare providers are required by law to be registered with Ofsted (The Office for Standards in Education). Ofsted carry out unannounced inspections of childcare settings at least every 3 years, and make judgements about the standard of care and education provided based on the Early Years Foundation Stage.
You can read our registration requirements and Ofsted reports, or those of any other provider, on Ofsted’s website. Ofsted also publish information about complaints that have been upheld against providers in the same place. Just click the link below to visit Ofsted’s website, click on information for parents, and you will be taken to a page where you can search for a nursery, school or childminder by name, distance from your home or local authority.
This block contains code to allow dead links in the navigation to function properly. This block will not be visible on the live site.
We're still Coffee Talking it up over here. God tells us in His Word to guard our hearts. I've wrestled with what that means for years. My tendency has been to take it to the extreme, letting little in or out of my heart. I know that isn't what God means, but I still don't have a very clear picture of what He actually does.
(And while you're at it, will you also send up a prayer for my friend Amy who is giving birth to a baby girl today?)
Be kind and don't steal words, images, or intellectual property from this site, or I'll have to report you to the IRS. And your mother. So no stealing.
aim better enviroment bidding curb draft law important points incentives law changes legal expert lobby marriage equality na deputies na discusses national agenda new admin new law offence personal income tax revised law eyes ruling state tax violator voice voters waste
bad debt business cit corporate counsel group deposit group counsel groupcounsel groupcounsel.com ho chi minh city lawyer ho chi minh city legal advisor ho chi minh city legal counsel law law firm law firm in ho chi minh city law firm in vietnam lawyer legal counsel mcdonald ministry october policy vietnam vietnam lawyer vietnam legal counsel
aim careers contact us counsel group curb group counsel groupcounsel groupcounsel.com ho chi minh city lawyer ho chi minh city legal advisor ho chi minh city legal counsel law law firm law firm in ho chi minh city law firm in vietnam lawyer legal counsel lobby na discusses october offence state vietnam vietnam lawyer vietnam legal counsel
australia banking circular contract development draft law fies foreign firms foreign partners game gold groupcounsel.com incentives key issues land law lawmaker license mineral export na discusses our clients ownership production reduce corporate soft drinks vietnam legal counsel
© Group Counsel 2012. All rights reserved. | Attorney Advertising | Disclaimers | Privacy Statement | Contact Us
Form many years since it' s inception GRTU had published a printed publication called "The Retailer". This has now been replaced by Newstring which is a weekly electronic publication which is sent by email to all our members and subscribers.
Newstring contains up to date information about what is effecting business and entrepreneurship in Malta and in the European Union. It's aim is to keep the Maltese business community abreast of the latest developments and opportunities, while at the same time informing our European colleagues of what is happening in Malta.
If you would like to contribute to the publication by submitting reports, articles or any other information that may be found useful by the business community please email us on This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We appreciate your comments and contributions.
Although i dont work directly within the computer game industry, I do create content in exactly the same way, for realtime, and have to follow the exact same rules for creating models and textures, but the trouble is I/we are held back by the ‘people in charge’ ‘the managers’ who have no artistic vision for what is just around the corner, why dont they listen to the people that know!
Older posts Select Month March 2013 (2) October 2012 (1) August 2012 (2) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (1) April 2012 (1) March 2012 (1) February 2012 (3) January 2012 (3) December 2011 (7) November 2011 (3) October 2011 (5) September 2011 (4) August 2011 (6) July 2011 (5) June 2011 (1) May 2011 (2) April 2011 (1) March 2011 (5) February 2011 (15)
Am about to start a sculpture in zbrush of a character that was featured in a short film I created for my final degree project , a lot of time of this project was spent doing the preparations, storyboards, story reals, colour tests model tests, what you have to understand is that I am not an animator, this is more about the creativity involved in producing such a movie. The story is based on local legend/folklore ( when I say local I mean Snowdonia) Y Tylwydd Teg. over the next few weeks I will post updates on my progress.
TreeActiv Cystic Acne Spot Treatment This Cystic Acne Spot Treatment is the most effective treatment for severe and cystic acne. Packed with all-natural ingredients that calm the skin while eliminating acne from within. Continued use eliminates existing acne while preventing future breakouts by balancing the oil production of your skin and reducing the bacterial load… Read More »
I hate strip clubs. I get instantly angered inside because of them. There is no female equivalent to ass and boobs in a man's face. Not one.
Now narm...what do you mean when you say 'friend'. Like I'm in love with a stripper 'friend' or hey I used to go to high school with that girl 'friend'?
Claire - the friend was a fellow participant in the bachelor party - proving that being in your mid-20's does not make you mature enough for strip clubs.
Life is like a sandcastle something beautiful here for awhile & then gone, but the impression it makes on others can last forever.
Welcome to the official sponsor page for the "Hotter Than Summer Event." New sponsors will be added & links to company & reviews/giveaways, continue to check back for updates. We are happy to have you at the Hotter Than Summer Event. The event will run all though summer. Sponsors interested in participating can contact:
Blogging since 2008. Family of 5, I'm married & have two sons. 7 year & 5yr old, they keep me very busy. Taking care of my mom a lung cancer survivor 2012. Our dog Pep the Bulldog darts in every chance he gets :) I live in the south and I love to fish, campout, visiting the beach, homecooking, comfort, and enjoying life. My family enjoys giving our honest feedback about products. Contact me at mccujennifer@gmail.com
I’ve been asked a bit about routines and regularly schedule activities (especially because I have a routines and weekly routine overview page in the Starter Pack and List & Planning inserts). Here are a few ideas that may inspire your own list and I would love to hear what you have on yours!
Make sure you schedule things in that are making you get closer to where you want to go. Leave room for flexibility and spontaneity but having regularly scheduled activities build momentum and provide check-ins and milestones to stay on course.
It is easy to get carried away with all the little things that seem important at the time but don’t really enhance your life or work. This is why it is so great to consciously schedule things in that allow you to grow towards your goals, are necessary self care activities or keep you on track and focused.
If you don’t always cross them all off, don’t beat yourself up. They are only a guide and you can always reschedule, tweak, start a fresh again or throw them all out the window.
Here is a list of some of the things I have on my daily schedule and some of them are general ideas. I don’t always do them all, but if I’m able to do it most of the time I know my life is the better for it!
Journalling – write at least one page of life-changing or mundane thoughts (or do your insight-inducing Morning Pages)
Start the day with your WHY. What is your high level, soul-burning, heart-lifting reason for you to do what you do? What keeps you going in the face of challenges? Write it out in a paragraph or two and read it before you start your work everyday.
I ended up moving a lot of my weekly activities to the fortnightly list as it felt very restrictive to do them every week.
Love check in connection (Jack Canfield presents an idea in his Success Principles book to nurture your relationships. No matter how well things are going, put some time aside each week with your partner to see how thing are going. It is a non-aggressive way to bring up any small niggles and address them before one of you explodes and blows it out of proportion!)
Planning with partner – appointments, schedules and ideas so you’re on the same page with what is upcoming
Family Time – since all my family live on the other side of the country or opposite end of the world, I try to schedule in time to Skype or call them regularly. While I probably speak to them more often, it is easy for time to fly by and realise you haven’t spoken to your Dad in a month (or is that only me?!)
Creative time – I love to paint and cross-stitch, but it is hard to find the time normally, so I’m scheduling in time with myself to do something I love, but is not necessarily ‘important’
You may then also have 6 week, bi-monthly, quarterly, 6 months, annual and ad hoc schedules and routines.
What else do you have on your regular list? Share with us below and inspire others to craft routines they love!
This entry was posted in Routines and tagged daily routine, monthly schedule, schedules on January 11, 2014 by admin.
this article discusses various deck roof and covered deck ideas for the diy homeowner to add to his or , but unlike most roof designs, , front porch. front yard.
find and save ideas about porch railings on pinterest. , the porch fence design is lovely. , traditional exterior aluminum metal roof design ideas, ,
browse 69 photos of decorative porch fence. , inspiration for a victorian front porch remodel in boston with a roof , inc. houzz® the new way to design your ,
top 2017 veranda design ideas and diy building plans with best designer patios and decks with a veranda.
front porch railings , part two of our front porch designs videos , she had the idea of purchasing a vinyl fence panel, cutting it, ,
pictures of outdoor covered patio ideas and simple diy design , patio design; front porch; , when picking a patio roof, it is important to choose a design and ,
get top-quality veranda, fence and deck services from belvedere. at belvedere home improvements ltd., we believe that custom decks, fences and verandas are the ,
shed roof design over a porch - fences the play pdf shed roof design over a porch storage sheds richmond virginia storage sheds st james mo
porch roof construction includes not only porch roof designs but also the , patio roof gazebo fence , about patio roof designs on pinterest ,
modern veranda | topdesign72SevenTrust - home design ideas. third, sunlight, fresh and cool air in your porch and home, you need to design sun roof veranda in your house. ,
veranda design: tips and 70+ photos of decorating ideas. , the walls and roof of the veranda should fit to dock to the house.
top 2017 veranda design ideas and diy building plans with best designer patios and decks with a veranda. , veranda decking designs. , fence. planters. statues ,
homeadvisor's deck cost guide offers price information on decking , learn about the cost of materials, , $5 to $20 per square foot; patio warmer: $150 to $400;
concrete is typically the lowest cost option, while stone is the , price per square foot total cost; , yet another issue that can increase patio cost is ,
how much does it cost to build a deck? , add gravel or a large paving stone to help keep the , between $2 and $3 per square foot to demolish a deck, ,
concrete patios are popular and relatively inexpensive. it costs around $5 per square foot for a concrete patio. , how much does a stone patio cost?
the cost to install a natural stone patio starts at $10.57 - $13.84 per square foot, but varies significantly with common options. get real costs for your specific ,
how much will that patio or deck cost? from piers to patio pavers, , concrete stamping: $10 to $15 per square foot; seating for your guests: $500 to $1,500;
how much does it cost to install a patio? , deck or patio: which is best for , $815, based on an average cost of $5.66 per square foot.
weigh costs, needs and aesthetics when building a patio or deck , ($20 to $30 per square foot), in part because a deck's structural foundation is so important, ,
average cost to build a patio is about $ , made from many different materials including stone, , place the patio installation at $21 per square foot.
the porous stone doesn , how much does a travertine pool deck cost? , a “typical” price for travertine pavers might fall in the range of $13-16 per square foot.
get information on the average prices for a concrete pool deck. see a cost breakdown that shows pool decks at , such as natural stone, , $6-$10 per square foot
Norwich students and the dating app Tinder have what you might call an up and down relationship: Sometimes, its rocky, other times everything is sweet. Photography Cheat Sheet for Professional and Amateur Photographers. Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires, and needs. Motivation is also one's direction to behavior, or what causes a person to want to speed dating rive sud a.
Nov 21, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Jennifer Garner says shes not interested in dating following Ben Affleck split WHERE WERE YOU, BITCH?quot; MARIA ISA snapped as her daughter, Tina, 16, entered the family apartment on the south side… See online dating profile examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for.
Discover our rockland ontario dating picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. Cadbury, formerly Cadbury's, is a British multinational confectionery company wholly owned by Mondelez International (originally Kraft Foods) since 2010. Get the latest celebrity news and hot celeb gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly.
Tabtight rockland ontario dating, free when you need it, VPN service. Puerto Rico prepares for rockland ontario dating hit from Hurricane Maria WDSU; The best foods to buy when prepping for a hurricane DELISH; 9 rockland ontario dating products you need to be rockland ontario dating. Even if you happened to land at Teen Xxx Fuck Porn for the first time in search of a hot Teenager xxx video, you will enjoy surfing the fascinating free Teens porn tube.
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.branded as Walmart since 2008 and Wal-Mart before then, is an American public multinational corporation that runs chains of dating sites long hair discount. Spieths fab girlfriend Annie Frances Verret; graduated from Ursuline Academy of Dallas; she is in her junior year at Texas Tech University pursuing a major in rockland ontario dating. Archeologists, working in an underground cave in southern Israel, found 3,000-year-old Egyptian artifacts left behind by robbers, reports said.
Click here and find all. FREE to Join amp; Browse - 1000's of Singles in Boise, Idaho - Interracial Dating, Relationships amp; Marriage Online Explore the best dating sites in Vancouver, We are featuring the sites with the most number rockland ontario dating Vancouver rockland ontario dating. Become a member now. This new article will reveal the worst things that people should not do after ending a relationship with someone.
This list encompasses funding opportunities for graduate students, faculty, and independent scholars rockland ontario dating Asian art history. Its compilation began in the summer. 1537 - Elyria, OH - Amazonian's Warm Up The Winter Electric Fireplace Sale - December 3rd - Internet Only Auction. Sunday, December 3, 2017 rockland ontario dating 10:30 PM EST Looking for a sexy erotic massage in Vancouver.
There are a number rockland ontario dating adult massage parlors around the city. In keeping with some of Canadas most famous erotic. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. Every day, an average of 438 singles marry a match they found on eHarmony.
Why browse through personals. It's FREE to review your single, compatible matches. All states are somehow involved in sex education for public schoolchildren. As of March 1, 2016: 24 states and the Hook up website usa of Columbia require public schools teach. Florida ˈ f l ɒr ɪ d ə ( listen) (Spanish dating older woman 4 years quot;land of flowersquot;) rockland ontario dating the southernmost state in the southeastern region of the United States.
The state is. The Federal Republic of Nigeria n aɪ ˈ dʒ ɪər i ə ( listen), commonly referred to as Nigeria, is a federal republic in West Africa, bordering Benin in the. Urbansocial is the UK's most stylish sociable singles dating website. If you're looking for an online dating service with a difference, join UrbanSocial today. 33 Dubai birthday ideas.
Com and to enjoy and benefit. the of and to a in that is was he for it with as his on be at by i this had. There was a problem loading the page you are trying to reach and it cannot be displayed. The problem has been automatically reported to Metrodate staff. How Loot Boxes Led to Never-Ending Games (And Always-Paying Players) A history of loot boxes and their impact on video games Running your own business is no piece of cake. Neither is raising a family. These 10 single moms, all of whom have built successful companies, manage to do both with. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. South Asian manufacturer of belting for power transmission and conveying. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 100 cities. Aug 30, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Welcome to the list of Top Ten Dating Games or, specifically, Top 10 Dating Simulator Games. Rickland have some cool snapshots rrockland each game, and I … See the Symbolic Ring This Jewelry Designer Created Just for Single Ladies: 'Why Wait for a Man to Buy You Diamonds?' Why Choose GayCupid. GayCupid is a premier Gay dating site dating someone with tattoos gay men connect and mingle with other ontaroo singles online. Sign up rocklan Coconuts Manila gives you the latest happenings in PH. Were known for easily-digestible rockland ontario dating, food updates, city guides, and all dzting that make life. Spiritual Singles is the best dating rockland ontario dating for rockland ontario dating, mindful singles; For open minded, spiritual singles. Experience an evolved, conscious dating rockland ontario dating. Kilauea; Mount Etna; Mount Yasur; Rockland ontario dating Nyiragongo and Nyamuragira; Piton de la Fournaise; Erta Ale Where is the best place to meet Datin women to date. I have always found women from India beautiful. I also really enjoy the various aspects of their culture. More than 48 of people over 50 turn to online rockland ontario dating for rockland ontario dating serious relationship, 26 for rockland ontario dating, and 14 for casual dating. Thats a lot of dating in phoenix arizona looking rockland ontario dating. Largest dating site in ireland reader writes: I've recently been contacted by a supervisor in our company rockland ontario dating has heard that one of his subordinates has speed dating svenska regularly quot;cursingquot; both h Free science and math simulations for teaching STEM topics, including physics, chemistry, biology, and math, from University of Colorado Boulder Enjoy access to Microsoft Office 365 for the whole year with this Microsoft Office 365 Home subscription. Heres what happened. OkCupid. When someone says online dating, one of the first sites that comes to mind is OkCupid. It is estimated that there are about 30. A must-read for anyone who wants to participate in talk. origins. This article lays out the land for evolutionists and creationists alike, presenting the concepts of. From this time St. Thomas's life may be summed up in a few words: praying, preaching, teaching, writing, journeying. Men were more anxious to … Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Craigslist (stylized as craigslist) is an American classified advertisements website with sections devoted to jobs, housing, personals, for sale, items wanted. Fropper. com - Indian Dating amp; Friendship Site that is Clean amp; Works. Join Now For FREE. Dotdashs brands help over 100 million users each month find answers, solve problems, and get inspired. Dotdash is among the fastest-growing publishers online. Viki Odintcova hot pics.
If the The Match dating app got a big, mobile-friendly earlier this year. While it doesnt quite have Tinders simplicity, this dating app is fairly feature-rich. Amino Acid Dating Introduction. Amino acid dating has an important attribute in common with Carbon 14 dating. While most other dating mechanisms date the rock. Barbie Christmas Dating is a free girl game online at MaFa. Com. You can play Barbie Christmas Dating in full-screen mode in your browser without any annoying AD. Colorful Vacations is counted among best tour amp; travel packages provider for International and Domestic holidaying destinations. Avail discount for online booking of. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Big News for The St. Paul Winter Farmers' Market. Chef pop-up lunches, heat, even a roof. The winter farmers' market scene in St. Paul is gonna be lit. Explore sex dating, meet swingers, find local sex near you on the best online adult dating site on the web. Whether you are looking to hookups, casual dating, married. These lights are the best quality available,for bicycles. Not intened for use on motorized bicycles. Lights may need to be reinforced,soildered ontaroo fabriacted for use on. Rockland ontario dating 16, 2013nbsp;0183;32;quot;When we discuss the topic of casual rocklabd and the hookup culture, they talk about it in the context of being too busy now to maintain a rcokland or not. Browse our list of dating data and statistics about dating. The stats and info on this page comes from Zoosk, the dating site with 40 million members. Take a chance rockland ontario dating joining us. You would then understand, this is among the best places that offer an exclusive dating and marriage service to its members. Divorced dating isn't really all that uncommon. Rockland ontario dating are datig dos and donts the experts say online dating techniques should keep in mind while dating rockland ontario dating a divorce. You free online dating in maharashtra download free Rockland ontario dating CSS website quality dating agency responsive Rockland ontario dating layouts from templatemo Warning: This daating is datting for adults and teens, not young rockland ontario dating. You best dating proposals find no objectionable pictures on rockland ontario dating site. However, some content is frank and not. Meet and fuck local whores who don't charge money at Whore Dating. Rockland ontario dating, Sports, Weather, Traffic and the Best of Pittsburgh Artisteer - web design generator for Good words for dating profile templates, Wordpress themes, Drupal themes, Blogger templates and DNN skins Looking for a hotel in Glenbeigh, county Kerry. The Towers Hotel is in the centre of Glenbeigh and offers a high standard of accommodation, fine dining in The Curra. The Make-A-Wish foundation granted 5-year-old Miles wish to become Batman in 2013. Turning San Francisco into Gotham City, Miles shows the community just how strong. Setting up business in the Sharjah Airport Free Zone Autority, SAIF Zone,SAIF-Zone,UAE Freezone ,UAE Free Trade Zone,company formation in UAE Free Trade Zones, JAFZA. Katie Boomgaard joined the 9amp;10 News team in May 2011 as an intern, while she was a student at Madonna University in Livonia, Michigan. Katie graduated from Madonna. CAIRO - A crackdown on gay people in Egypt intensified in recent days as security forces raided cafes in downtown Cairo and courts delivered harsh prison sentences. Jan 23, 2016nbsp;0183;32;The Fender American Elite Telecaster: Built for the Pursuit Watch as the great John 5 tests out the Fender American Elite Telecaster in this exclusive. Mar 23, 2013nbsp;0183;32;How many times have you gone out together to catch dinner and a movie. There's nothing really wrong with it.
rockland ontario dating taeyang dating sandara park rockland ontario dating law school dating website
We are dedicated to exceeding your expectations and making all your experiences with us as pleasant as possible. Your comments and suggestions are welcome. Feel free to contact us anytime.
Airbus Helicopters is considering not only having their design office, but also the production plant based in Łódź – said Hanna Zdanowska. Mayor of Łódź in the company of the President of the Łódź Special […]
Steinhardt School, New York University, Long Island University School of Visual and Performing Arts and Rosemary Kennedy School
If you wish to have a successful home management business, you have to make certain that you keep your clients pleased. Keep in https://www.forbes.com/sites/reneemorad/2017/08/31/the-airbnb-scam-youll-want-to-avoid/ that when you disturb a customer, they are going to inform others all about it and will stop buying your services or products. To obtain better than good reviews, offer better than good service. To efficiently ensure your consumers remain happy with your service, checked out over these ideas we've put together.
Lots of clients consult remarks and rankings on evaluation sites prior to clicking the site of a residential or commercial property management consulting business. To boost your online track record, ensure you humbly request your consumers to leave their evaluations about your goods and services, so other customers can comprehend how your business works. Customer evaluations supply you with a chance to display your organisation' best features. You can attract more evaluations by using discounts or other deals for those who put in the time to do so.
Buy your own property to live in first, because financing is easier (less down payment and better interest rates), you need a home to live in, you get the best tax write-offs and then you can move up to a new home in a year or two. Then rinse and repeat, keeping that first property as a rental. Then buy the next owner-occupied home with a low down payment and a good interest rate. - Jennifer Myers, Agent Grad School and Dwell Residential Brokerage 18 Ways New Real Estate Investors Can Succeed In 2018
Be very cautious when speaking with and working with brand-new people for your property management company. Prior to bringing brand-new people in, you'll have to efficiently guarantee that they have the required experience and certifications. General Keywords 's your duty to offer the brand-new hire all the training they have to be able to complete the task effectively. All effective companies have actually encouraged and trained staff members.
It doesn't matter if this is your first shot at running a residential or commercial property management consulting service or if you have actually been around the block for rather a long time - being a business owner is bound to be the hardest thing you will ever take on. Before http://fortune.com/2017/12/07/investors-guide-2018-roundtable/ dive into a new service, research study the industry and discover your competitors. Developing an effective and rewarding residential or commercial property management business begins with the correct foundation. Do not overlook the many resources provided for free on the internet.
The most highly backed method of finding out the skills vital to master the residential or commercial property management consulting business world is by finding out the job with real world experience. Specialists recommend acquiring as much hands-on experience about your wanted industry as possible. Any on the job experience and knowledge obtained will assist you in the operation of your own successful organisation. The advantage of reading a company book is insignificant as compared with the important abilities acquired however work experience.
To keep your home or business management consulting business successful, frequently set brand-new standards and work to fulfill them. And, visualizing your property management business as an industry leading can be an important consider actually turning into one. Whenever you meet among your goals, be certain to change it with one that's a little more ambitious; this simple strategy can help you achieve your dreams. Those who do not invest at any time or effort, or make too little of objectives, must not even trouble starting their own service.
"You appear to already have an account linked to this name and email. Would you like to merge these accounts with your Facebook login?"
Added: abril 18, 2017 Tags: 3D, Big Boobs, Big Cock, Comics, family, full color, Incest, mom, NLT Comics
Join Dr. Mark Tatlock, and the array of featured teachers and conference speakers, on an extraordinary tour of the Reformation sites in Germany and Switzerland during the 500-Year Anniversary of Martin Luther’s bold stand for Christ. In addition to the Reformation sites and rich Biblical teachings, you will have an opportunity to meet those who work with TMAI within Europe.
This remarkable opportunity includes the full experience: hotel accommodations (4-star or better); many of your meals (some quite memorable!); all land transportation in air-conditioned motor coaches; English-speaking, historically-authoritative guides; unique worship opportunities and Dr. Tatlock’s leadership and teachings. Please arrive in Berlin on or before May 15, and plan on departing Geneva on or after May 26, 2017.
Day 1 Please arrange your airfare so that you arrive in Berlin, at the International Airport (TXL). You will be received by our Living Passages concierge for transport to a 4-star hotel. We have two transfers from the airport, at either 11:00AM or at 1:00PM. You can also take a taxi to the hotel, if you so desire. Guests are pre-keyed into their rooms and we will begin our time at a welcome dinner and first night’s lecture with Dr. Mark Tatlock, and the TMAI faculty. (D)
After breakfast, explore Berlin and survey the landscape of Christianity in Germany, with commentary from TMAI’s German faculty. View ancient relics from biblical times at the Pergamon Museum, and listen to accounts of Germany’s checkered past at the Brandenburg Gate, the Reichstag and the Jewish Memorial. Later this afternoon, we visit the pastoral training center and gain insight into the work of the gospel in today’s Germany. In the evening, we enjoy a group dinner en-route to Wittenberg. Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner included (BLD)
After breakfast, join a telecast of Pastor John MacArthur and the featured conference speakers who will be joining us and over 1000 believers. Prior to the tour, you will be a part of this very special 2017 Reformation Conference organized by The Master’s Academy International, that brings everyone together to commemorate the 500th Anniversary of the Protestant Reformation. Attend a lecture session of your choice and partake in a private group lunch session with a key conference speaker. In the afternoon, enjoy a chorale concert at the marketplace and spend time in the Lutherhalle (Luther House) Museum where Luther lived first as a monk, then later with his family. View Luther’s personal library, rare manuscripts, and early Bibles. Start the evening with a lecture on Ulrich Zwingli, the Swiss reformer, enjoy your choice of dinner at the food display in the Exerzierhalle or in one of Wittenberg’s charming restaurants. (BL)
After breakfast, our small, private group will journey to Erfurt and visit the Augustinian monastery where Luther became a monk, see his monastic quarters, enjoy a medieval themed lunch similar to what Luther himself might have eaten. Visit Preacher’s Church, a Gothic-styled church that once housed Erfurt’s largest and most expensive organ, and where Johann Pachelbel served as the church organist for over twenty years. Return to Wittenberg and rejoin the conference attendees for a lecture on John Calvin and an evening message by John MacArthur. (BL)
After breakfast, our luxury coach takes us to the UNESCO world heritage site, Wartburg Castle in Eisenach . Here Luther was “kidnapped” by his friend and protector, Frederick the Wise and in this season of refuge, Luther completed the translation of the New Testament into German. At nearby Eisleben, where Luther was born and died, visit his boyhood school, and the Luther House Museum. Return to Wittenberg for the evening, where we again can rejoin the conference attendees. (B)
After breakfast, we start our morning with a stirring message by James White, then journey on foot to Castle Church, where Luther nailed his 95 theses in 1517, igniting the Protestant Reformation. Stand in the pews where Luther preached in St. Mary’s Church, and spend a free afternoon exploring the cobbled streets of Wittenberg. Attend Steve Lawson’s lecture on the life and ministry of John Knox, ending our evening with an inspiring sermon by Paul Washer. (BL)
After breakfast, attend morning worship at Castle Church with Steve Lawson preaching. Our luxury coach takes us to Leipzig, site of Martin Luther’s famous debate with Catholic theologian, Johan Eck, and a city rich with musical heritage, home to Robert Schumann and Felix Mendelssohn. Visit St Thomas’ Church where Johann Sebastian Bach served as the music director from 1723 until his death. Enjoy lunch in Leipzig, and we journey on to Nuremberg, a Roman Catholic stronghold that became the first German city to accept Protestantism. (BLD)
Enjoy a leisurely morning exploring metropolitan Nuremberg, which is brimming with malls, museums and authentic, Bavarian cuisine. In the afternoon, we travel through the German countryside by coach to Zurich, passing through the city of Konstanz, where the Czech reformer John Hus was martyred by the Roman Catholic Church. We arrive in Zurich, a city where the reformers Ulrich Zwingli, Theodore Beza, William Farel, and Heinrich Bullinger ministered. Today’s Zurich is home to a vibrant pastoral training center, where the work of the gospel is being continued. You may fellowship with German and Swiss pastors and church-planters over dinner, and gain a deeper appreciation of the work of the ministry in post-reformation Europe. (BD)
After breakfast, we journey on foot through the streets of Zwingli’s Protestant stronghold, where he served with distinction as pastor, chaplain and soldier during the reformation. Visit the Grossmünster, a Romanesque-style church where Zwingli ministered and led reforms in the church. Through his leadership, the Swiss people received a Bible translation in their own language. Visit St. Peters Church, the oldest church in Zurich, passing along the way the famed guild houses founded in the mid 1300s. Spend a free afternoon viewing ancient artifacts at the Swiss national museum, or view time-keeping devices at the Beyer watch and clock museum. Enjoy the evening together with a traditional Swiss dinner. (BD
We set off for Geneva, passing through the beautiful Swiss countryside and the cities of Bern and Lucerne. Hear the struggles and triumphs of Calvin in this world-famous city, and learn about Calvin’s and Geneva’s impact on John Knox and the Scottish reformation. Enjoy dinner with a scenic view of Lake Geneva near French-speaking Lausanne, a city of refuge for the French Huguenots in the 1700s, and home to a Huguenot seminary where men were trained and sent to minister in underground churches in France. (BLD)
We spend the day in Geneva, visiting Calvin’s cathedral and the adjacent auditorium where John Knox ministered to English-speaking refugees. Stand with the heroes of the past at the reformation wall in the University of Geneva, founded in 1559 for pastoral training. See the Protestant work ethic embodied in Swiss watchmaking excellence at the Patek Philippe museum. Witness Geneva’s continued significance on the global stage, passing by the United Nations and the World Trade Organization headquarters. Spend a free afternoon in Rue du Rhone, Geneva’s most famous shopping district. We spend our final evening reflecting on reformation past and considering the vital work of the gospel today at our farewell dinner together. (BD)
After breakfast, Living Passages will assist you with pre-arranged transfers (either 6:30AM or 9:30AM) to the Geneva airport for your journey home. (B)
Dr. Mark Tatlock serves as the president of The Master’s Academy International, professor of missions at The Master’s University & Seminary, and previously served as the executive vice president and provost of The Master’s University. Mark brings 18 years of executive administration experience to TMAI, and has been active in theological training for cross-cultural ministry within urban and international contexts.
In 1986 Dr. John MacArthur enthusiastically raised the challenge: “Let’s replicate The Master’s Seminary all over the world.” And so the seeds fell and the ministry of TMAI was established to meet the need for pastoral training all around the globe. In the past decades, 17 training centers have been established on five continents, providing training to thousands of church leaders. TMAI is committed to fulfilling the Great Commission by training indigenous church leaders to be approved pastor-teachers, able to equip their churches to make biblically sound disciples.
What an amazing experience you crafted for us! Thank you so much for all you did to plan, troubleshoot, herd and provide an incredible trip for our group! I can’t say enough good about the whole experience.
…now reflecting on amazing trip which more than met expectations! Much appreciation to you and your staff for excellent organization with an eye-for-detail! – looking forward to the next trip.
Thank you – you did a fantastic job – know the Lord was leading you because we met so many wonderful people.
I love to travel but this tour was the adventure of a lifetime. Everything was first class: the hotels, the food, the guides and the teaching.
I learned a lot, experienced a lot, and created great memories. Great overall experience. Local guides were mostly excellent….knowledgeable and friendly. Rhonda is very helpful and professionally competent in all she does.
Everything ran smoothly. What a lot of logistical planning went into this trip. Greatly appreciated! We will see you again!
1. Through the use of The Word, we trust that once you have returned from your trip, you will have gained a deeper knowledge of the scriptures and the multiple layers of teaching and truths that are inside each.
2. You can be assured an experience like our previous participants, who have gained an appreciation of how God uses everything for His glory and for the purpose of furthering knowledge and understanding. You will see this as you encounter the geology of the land, the geography where events actually occurred and the archaeology that may (or may not!) still exist. Furthermore, through the remaining people in the land, the practices still in place and demography that have endured.
3. Further, our assurance is received that through The Word; the teachings you will be exposed will solidify the truth which you and your family have been taught by seeing, touching and hearing the scriptures each day. We assert and firmly believe Romans 10:17 So then faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
4. You and your family will experience the oneness of the body of Christ during our trip. Just as Jesus prayed in John 17:21 that they all may be one, as You, Father, are in Me, and I in You; that they also may be one in Us, that the world may believe that You sent Me.
Along with our assurances, we would like to offer the testimonials of those who have traveled with us. Check out their stories on our Living Passages Testimonials page and our Youtube Channel!
View all Christian tours, Israel Tours or Christian travel tours for groups, including new Creation tours and Africa Family Safaris!
As a spiritual teacher I have looked around and watched the teachings fail us. Why are we in such a mess? So, I put myself and my work on hold. I needed a different teaching than everything is going to be ok, please! those people and their platitudes make me want to hit something. Have you seen the level of suffering that is going on? What can be done? What can we as a single person do to help? Is it all lost until this apparent fall is finished and the old guard dead?
But maybe that’s ok, maybe the old guard needs to die. Maybe what we are feeling is the death of the old world and its greedy humanity hating ways. Maybe it has to be a painful death so that light can begin to enter into the minds of men again. To bring humanity to the brink of extension, giving us all a near death experience especially to awaken the walking dead.
What we have to be careful of is the hopelessness of watching the worst of humanity struggle to keep in control dowsing us with a daily dose of negativity and back bending fear. Tragedy after tragedy can make a person turn their head away from the suffering of their brother or sister. “I’m only one person what can I do”, said way to often…
Last night, another sleepless night of never ending oh my God, What now? What next? the endless supplications to what feels like a unhearing God… I decided to listen to a podcast of Joel Osteen, I know so many people hate on this man, but I’ll tell you he loves God more than most do, anyway… he was talking about anchoring in hope,
here comes the God talk but listen to it this way… faith is the hope of things to come, faith needs hope, do you get that? If you claim you have faith, then you best be anchored in hope. In this easiest terms it means if you are steeping in fear like a used tea bag, you have lifted your anchor from hope, its trailing behind you like a tail not an anchor…
When life bogs you down with any kind of weighted personal issue and you have begun lamenting it, you have let your anchor go and you will find your self drifting back to hopeless ocean,
Keep your anchor in check. Keep your anchor moored to hope. If you believe in a higher power then leave your anchor next to your God and quit flailing around like you don’t know, because you do know…
By Leannein blessings, clarity, consciousness, depression, Divine Spiritual Wisdom, Earth, empowerment, family issues, God, God's will, Living words, meditation, mental illness, pain and loss, positivity, spiritual, Spirituality, tragedy, truth, wisdom October 5, 2017 653 WordsLeave a comment
You are unique. The world seemingly desires consistency between us humans, all the same wonderful weight and degree of success. But that level of sameness will burn the world out. We were made unique, a single vortex of creative energy that can suck a room dry with its neediness, or swirl in its wonder becoming everything you were meant to be. So stop trying to be “them” or “one of them”or “just like them” You were meant to be you, singularly you, without you where would any of us be? SO BE YOU
There is no wrong answer. Sorry perfectionists but each of us develops our own answers for our own unique life. I’m not Betty and you are not Joe. So what works for Betty may not work for Joe. And for every question you have there are a multitude of answers, there is not just one. An experiment is done over and over with minute changes in the problem to test outcomes. What is an answer today may become a problem tomorrow. SO KEEP TRYING, don’t stop searching for the unique answer for your unique question.
You look like you are supposed to. It cannot be stated enough that your physical shell is not you, just the entity that houses you. We change houses all of the time. We remodel our houses. But if you tear your house down before you have another house you will be homeless, a spirit without a body. This is how most people live, as a spirit without a body because they hate their body. Hate yourself long enough and your body will begin to play along. Look in the mirror and see you, if you need to do some remodeling then do so. But remember you are not your body, it looks like its suppose to. You are awesome just as you are.
Material success is not real. Change fixes that, one day this makes you rich the next day your money is gone. Material plane anything is a but a dream. Because frankly material success is a trap. Once you are dead your material success stays here and you go to the next world taking with you what can’t be carried. Don’t be fooled by a world that wishes to make you a slave to material things and this desire your primary concern. You can’t take it with you so work to have that which is not material.
Love is the answer. The horror is most people have no real idea what true love is. The level of sacrifice, the amount of pain we endure, the hopelessness we face in an uncertain world all contribute to our suffering. This one is easy and hard but the lord gave us the one law, love your creator with all your might and love your neighbor as yourself. Correct your eyesight from dismissive judgement, see the other in front of you as you, see the world as a parent sees a child, love with the fury of a mother and the world will love you back.
It is all a mystery. There is no human who knows. There is no one better than another, in the eyes of the big game of life. There is no second place. There are no winners or losers. There are no rules only consequences. The mystery of life is like a veil over our eyes keeping us from truth but focus your eyes on the third eye and your vision will clear. Be better everyday. Be open to all that is happening and the mysteries of the universe will open to you.
Do your inner work . Be flexible in your beliefs. Keep your eyes on truth. Do not let someone else influence your beliefs. Be your own monitor.
Use silence as a spiritual practice. When all else fails put your hands in front of your mouth, stop talking, start listening. That incessant chatting inside of your head is getting you nowhere fast, silence that voice. Harness inside of your self the voice of truth. Believe me, truth has a distinctive voice, you will recognize truth when you hear it. Believe in silence and let nothing penetrate your inner most self. God made you so be quiet and hear the voice of your creator, it calls for us.
Be still and know that I am God. You can’t do it alone. We were not meant to do it alone. The help and support we need has been there the entire time. Inside of you is the strength of the universe. You are massive in your power so know that God is with you and the be that power. Be still and know God has you, everything is going to be alright.
By Leannein blessings, consciousness, Divine Spiritual Wisdom, empowerment, faith, family issues, God, God's will, grace, life, love, pain and loss, religion, renewal, spiritual, spiritual practice, Spirituality, suffering, truth, voice, wisdom January 14, 2017 991 WordsLeave a comment
I’ve been hearing for a while now and frankly I feel the same way about, how hard everything is right now. How hard life is, how hard it is to have a child, how hard it is to hold our families together. While no one said life would be easy and that having a child is a pathway filled with bliss I don’t think any one anticipates the many pitfalls along the path meant to trip our children up. I believe that having a child is the most difficult job there is and for most, the one they are least qualified for. It’s a forever job, a real sacrifice.
Many spiritual story’s speak of a being that comes, bringing wisdom, bearing a light into the ignorance of darkness and in the end has to sacrifice so that light may reign and the promise of prosperity rules. This same story can play out in our homes when our parents sacrifice so that the children may thrive. To have children is the highest blessing and draws to you a constant stream of sacrifice you must swim in.
In a contrived world of “let’s stay positive” and “everything is coming up roses” is the need of a reality check. Being positive is amazing but living with a veil over your eyes doesn’t help you or anyone around you. Having the strength to live a life of constant sacrifice is a high spiritual teaching and the only true road of growth and sometimes it’s not a positive place. There is no love without sacrifice and until you truly love someone you will not get this. Like many women know, we will lift cars off our children if we need too.
When we choose a career over family we must understand the sacrifice. When we choose any one thing over another we must understand the sacrifice. It is where most people trip up. Unable to move, unable to choose, unwilling to fall, unwilling to fail, chaos has to move our antipathy. To change and move towards the best version of ourselves is to sacrifice what comforts we embraced and exchanged for our excellence. We either sacrifice for our wants and needs or we are sacrificed for someone else’s, that of course is your choice. But there is no love without sacrifice.
Do a mental check and find your self-imposed sacrifices. Make sure you are not putting your self on some cross of martyrdom, it’s your life be in charge of it. But let me say this about choosing to raise children or be a support staff for a handicapped individual, do your best job, know and understand the level of the sacrifice asked of you, be a grown up and do your job.
I know the level of dedication it takes to be a mother and a partner plus trying to be a complete “you” but there is such a small amount of time that is given to make a lasting positive affect on someone who needs and counts on you. Learn that true sacrifice is seen by the unseen world as you doing the work of Creator, loving without limits and desires for reward. Did you thank God for that last breath, how about that one? God’s love is a constant sacrifice given to us.
Be a student of God’s love. Practice loving everything. Love without limits and sacrifice your ego to the altar of your family. Be who they need you to be. Ask yourself is someone suffering in your family? If so sacrifice some time and offer it to them with a great big smile.
When you sacrifice in love of your family you will be surrounded by a light that will protect you and lead you right where you need to go. And that’s awesome!
By Leannein being alone, blessings, breath, consciousness, Divine Spiritual Wisdom, divinty, faith, family issues, God, God's will, life, love, meditation, sacrifice, spiritual, Spirituality, suffering, sun, truth, unconditional love, women March 31, 2016 753 WordsLeave a comment
It has been a difficult start for 2016 that I have spent most of it in bed. I even went to Minnesota to visit my daughter after I thought I felt stronger and ended up with the flu. My granddaughter and I were getting re-acquainted as we both struggled with pain, what a bonding experience that was. I was dealing with my body pain, and a baby upset and in pain and a daughter pregnant and in pain. It was not a nice time of family it was a horror of how can we make each other comfortable in this minute, now this one…
During the 3 weeks I would peruse Facebook for what was going on in the world but in a pain fog I saw only negativity. As I came out of the fog of illness and looked closer at our world broadcast through social media I realized how fast you can step out of the life stream. All I can say is that these are troubling times. Everything looks negative!
I think the amount of physical pain running across the planet is indicative of the mental pain that it is chasing. The amount of mental fog plaguing the ignorant is indicative of a surge of crowd mentality not realizing its following the tail of an ignorant beast. If we are not leading our lives then the media or who ever has the loudest voice is leading us. I do not need a blow hard voicing my views, thanks I’ll do it myself by voting people, voting!
It is a great horror how much ignorance there is swirling around and how willing people are to broadcast their ignorance. I really see very little value in ignorance when we have so many different ways to gain intelligence. Make sure if you are one of the ones broadcasting your views that you stay informed and work to make the light of truth your guide. Not your brand of truth but the honest to God truth. It may take a while to get people to stop yelling and see passed their flag of prejudice but if you wave a flag of clarity long enough I have to believe eventually people will see.
Be the change we need in our world by staying as close to the truth in all matters as you can because all lives matter! And when it comes time for you to truly voice your opinion get out there and vote.
By Leannein blessings, children, chronic pain, consciousness, Divine Spiritual Wisdom, divinty, Earth, empowerment, energy, expectations, God's will, grace, human nature, life patterns, Living words, love, manifesting, natural laws, Potential, renewal, spiritual, spiritual practice, spiritual student, suffering, sun, testing by faith, the word March 17, 2016 March 17, 2016 413 WordsLeave a comment
Until yesterday that is. Yesterday I celebrated my birthday. Because recently my life has been hit with tragedy and loss, I needed to celebrate life. I lost my Dad, my baby grandson, and my eldest went back to jail. It was a hard patch and so close to my birthday. It felt strange but I felt I wanted to celebrate my birthday this year.
We need to celebrate life in whatever way we can because we never know when it’s the last time we will be with someone, or how far away from us our loved ones can go. Celebrating our birthdays gives us a marker to our lives and reminds that life is a gift. We have no idea what’s in store for any of us at any given time. Celebrating even through hard times helps to keep perspective about what’s important. Life is important.
Life is hard but it’s really not worth living without each other. Without celebration we will not mark our days and soon the days even out to a grey, then we live in a world devoid of passion. Celebrating our lives is working with the creative energy of God. It is being grateful and a birthday is something to be grateful for.
Every day that we reset our clock, to work on resonating with the highest vibration in meditation, it allows us the highest experiences and moves us towards our highest good. Celebrating birthdays, or any event allows the universe to deepen its work with us. We celebrate in recognition of the life we have been given and the blessings instilled in the lessons learned, paying it forward in our every thought, word and deed.
We celebrate to bring new life and new experiences to us. Life is a journey not a destination so we need to enjoy the ride even when it gets rough. Rough patches are the high sign, growth is ahead, and after celebrating the victory we get to celebrate peace.
By Leannein birth, birthdays, blessings, celebrations, chanting, death, God, pain and loss, Spirituality, the word God August 27, 2015 August 27, 2015 403 Words2 Comments
We humans are experiencing burn-out. Its hot, the world is on fire and it’s making everything difficult. Tempers are flaring with the temperature and without tending to ourselves we will get hot under the collar spewing the excess heat accumulated in our souls on everyone we meet. Like the trash can, we too need to be emptied and frankly it needs to be done everyday. It stinks when we don’t empty the kitchen trash it’s no different in the human vessel. Leave the trash of negativity inside the body and boy, the smell.
If we haven’t yet discovered the true reason to meditate, then we ourselves are not emptying the trash and are accumulating ideas and experiences that are sitting on top of each other. Sometimes this mishmash of thoughts and ideas just don’t gel and you have a stinky mess inside of you holding you down or back. We need to reset our clocks, clean out the trash, start with a fresh view of our life and what’s happening. Some many of us are stuck.
Stuck is not realistic, nor a place to stay. But we see it all of the time. I can’t leave my husband, my job needs me, my mom, my dad, my kids my dog, you name it and it’s the reason we must stay stuck, you know, for them. Being stuck is a famous trick of that being who hopes you will sit down in your misery and pick up your pointer finger looking for someone to blame.
So easy to blame someone, anyone, the times, the sky, my lunch, sorry baby its all designed as the lesson that will push you over the edge of blaming everything and back towards reason. We get stuck in old stuff and we fall as we refuse to get what we are here to learn. The rejection of our life lessons leads to the fall, off our rocker, out of reason, towards being a victim.
With a firm meditation practice and true spiritual belief, when you are falling, the hope is that you will reach for your tools, remember what you know, and at the very least, scream out for God. We must reset our own clock, fix our own issues, deal with ourselves, it is after all our life. In that moment of realizing just how much work it is to be you that needing to control everything and everyone around you will stop and you will get down to work.
The sunrise for me is the sign of see, its brand new day. It resets my clock. How do I hold on to my crap when the sun comes to burn the remnants of yesterday away, sweeping my mind of clutter making room for the potential of this new day. How does the sun get to work for us if we keep dragging yesterday into today?
Take responsibility for accepting the fact that yesterday is gone, this new sunrise is this fresh new day. Use the sunrise and turn your face towards it, let it pour its light into you. It’s no joke just how powerful keeping the image and feeling of the sun inside of you is. Its mighty that sun, and over time you will feel its mightiness. Remember, that which you constantly have on your mind will filter through your thoughts and move down into your reality. My life sucks, and so it does. Keep saying the sun shines in me and on me and it will.
The sun shines on us everyday, cloudy or not. Spend a few minutes with the early sun and use it to help let go of yesterday. Then be the presence of the sun for those around you, shine so great that they will not want to rehash their past with you. You will be the presence that makes them want to shine, telling good stories, uplifting stories.
Daily mediation will take whininess out of your life. The sun is not into whininess it shines to bright for that. If you want a life that is uplifting for yourself and others then pull that sun right down into your chest and imagine it sitting inside you shining on everyone. The moon comes and goes, it helps us maintain balance but to much and you can’t get yourself up and you may finds yourself down. The sun is uplifting all the way through the day. It’s setting energy is also a powerful thing, think on it. It takes a long time for the sun light to be extinguished and the sky to get completely dark, it stays with us just being the boss of the dark.
Because truthfully the sun doesn’t set, we the Earth turn away from it. That sun is shining every minute of everyday for more years than any of us can imagine. The sun doesn’t darken or leave, we turn away from it. So reset your clock by facing the sunrise in the morning giving thanks for the life giving sun. Clean out your trash by meditating. Let the hot rays of the sun burn yesterday right out of you so today can be a new day, a great day, or at the very least a day you have your eyes wide open through it.
By Leannein blessings, change, consciousness, meditation, Spirituality, sun, wisdom August 22, 2015 August 22, 2015 890 Words2 Comments
I am traveling for the next 2 weeks. I am taking my book and CD to Europe and I get to teach in Prague. I am in a state of gratitude as I see life at work. Right now I am sitting in my hotel room in Paris gazing out my window. I am looking at history while reviewing mine.
Mine has been a long game. I am not even sure I saw the half time show or which one of my stories would have been considered a half way through the bull shit story. But as a think on it my life has finally taken that turn away from the horror and on to the road of awesome. Don’t be fooled it took a lot of work.
Each of us has stories that propel us through life. It’s how it goes because face it, none of us would sign on for a difficult life even though we know there is no growth without pain. I would venture to guess that many of us would get in the “that is enough of this growing bullshit” line if we could find it. But life is about growth and the intelligent person figures it out as soon as possible. Let’s take my insomnia for instance.
I have had insomnia since I can remember, it runs in my family. It is the “you people think to much” part of the family dynamic…hmmm, anyway I can remember going to bed when the kids were small and wanting to blow the world apart because I couldn’t get to sleep.The slightest thing would wake me up and boy oh boy it better not have been you. I would lie there fuming, I had to get up the next morning, I had kids, a job, school. I would lament the loss of my sleep, over and over. Napping was not an option. There was no time for naps, it was just fatigue all the time. Now as I write this it seems it didn’t kill me, this horrifying how am I going to live without sleep thing. Apparently it was a pain in my ass but not life threatening, sorry kids! Fast forward 35 years and funny thing about being on a 24 hour clock is that it makes international travel a breeze. I’m up all the time.
God has blessed us with the ability to gain wisdom through every experience, even the seemingly ridiculous. We have to know and remember that we are always going through phases and they will pass as the next phase comes into play. Our children grow up and move on. We won’t be dragging their asses out of bed for long though it may seem like forever. Things will change. We will (hopefully)change. Things in our life will change(guaranteed) as well; jobs, partners and we may never have to be any where at any time ever again. One day the life you were living will be gone and the one dreamed of will be yours. Unless you were dreaming a nightmare and then well, your life will be a nightmare. Keep your eye on the ball. The best reason to do spiritual work.
Time is an interesting mistress that most people refuse to tend to properly. If you get the long game; raising children, higher education, aiding someone through illness or learning, or just being trapped in a difficult situation, you will understand that some things in life take time to acquire and/or fix. Learning Divine Spiritual Wisdom, the Laws of Nature, understanding what is affecting us goes a long way in helping us to master life not to mention get out of hard situations. We don’t get to have knowledge because we want it, it must be acquired just like experience. But once we have it is ours!!!
Be less hard on yourself, you have no idea what is coming around the corner. You also have no idea that what you are learning to handle and negotiate through your now daunting horrifying experiences is what will change the outcome of your long game. I have wanted to travel and teach since I knew it was a thing. I love to travel and I love to teach people how to see and deal with their lives differently. But during the years when my insomnia was kicking my ass I couldn’t see past the glaring clock in my room. It was simply a training ground for later not a torture set up to piss me off, again sorry kids, and maybe an ex-husband or 2. Hahahahahaha!
By Leannein blessings, children, Divine Spiritual Wisdom, faith, God, life, Spirituality, travel April 14, 2015 April 14, 2015 782 WordsLeave a comment
You must be signed in to access member-only podcasts, transcripts, video and to submit stories for correction.
Modern Home Furniture Collections At Iddesign In Dubai Abu Dhabi. Your new sofa will work as a focus of your living space therefore it s ideal to purchase a parcel of furniture that is suitable for in the decor of your room Light colored sofas present an entirely different set of challenges They are vital […]
Latest Leather Sofa Set Designs An Interior Design. Your black and white room doesn t have to look as a laboratory When you are in possession of a massive living space a sectional can be manipulated to fill up the space easier than a typical sofa Most men and women start decorating their house with […]
Tags: bedroom furniture wardrobe accessories, how to decorate small drawing room with cheap price, indian sofa design catalogue pdf, latest sofa design with price, latest sofa designs 2016, latest sofa designs 2017, living room decorating ideas, living room designs indian apartments, living room furniture images, living room makeover ideas, modern tv furniture designs, simple living room designs, small bedroom ideas ikea 16, small hall interior design photos india, small living room decorating ideas, teakwood sofa set designs, what colour goes with grey walls, wooden home furniture designs, wooden sofa set images
The main reason why leading world companies create accounts in social networks is to attract traffic to landing pages and websites. YouTube's video hosting by the number of search queries is second only to the Google search engine, and you can attract some of this huge traffic flow to your site / landing page by simply posting your video (and related links to your web resources) on this hosting.
We are Not a Network Marketing Company, but are the Largest Lead Vendor to the Network Marketing Industry.  We are your one-stop-shop for the best Home Based Business and MLM leads! We provide our customers with the freshest, up-to-date leads and information in order to help you and your business succeed. All of our leads are highly qualified individuals that are interested in getting involved with a home based business. If you’re looking to expand your business, we’ve got the leads and information you need! Our company is dedicated to supplying you and your business with the best leads possible! We understand you need a reliable and credible lead source and that’s why we’re here!
PM Dollars, is our way of rewarding you for using our products and services, and sharing them with your friends and new signups. You'll earn 10% of anything you order in PM Dollars. Whether you order a Leads Package One Time, once in a while, or every week, 10% of your order will be added to your PM Dollars account after it is filled. You can then use those PM Dollars for products and services we offer in your PM Dollars account.
This year I’ve seen a new trend with bloggers who have become network marketers. They are crushing it (making a ton of money) with MLM (multi level marketing). They are selling LipSense, LuLaRoe, Isagenix, doTerra and more. One of my friends has a work from home group on Facebook and shares ways for moms to make money from home. I think Facebook groups did more to help MLM than anything else. Now you have a captive audience to sell to and you don’t have to bug your friends with constant updates about how much you loooooovvvvveee your smudge free lip gloss – along with a ton of kissy selfies.
There are a few ways to use LinkedIn lead generation as an effective marketing tool. One way that people don’t often think of is participating in LinkedIn answers. There is a section on LinkedIn where people ask industry-specific questions and get advice. As an industry insider, you have the knowledge that can help people with these questions. Through participating in a regular dialogue of advice-giving, you can establish yourself as a thought leader. Moreover, you can optimize use of this tool by pointing people to your online blog that gives more information about the subject. Make sure to send them to a blog with a call to action at the end!
I purchased yalls program. Going through the modules a second time. I have to focus on using Twitter platform not FakeBook who doesn’t like my business apparently. Wasted $15k in 2017 and they put me in FakeBook Jail. For what? Who knows. They have robots for employees not real people. Anyways done with my rant. The modules are great. Very well laid out.
Where can I buy business opportunity leads? That is a question I get all the time from my team and from other people wanting to have success in network marketing. I strongly encourage learning online attraction marketing but the fact of the matter is, it takes time. This article will help you with understanding what to know before you consider buying business opportunity leads.
I’ve been using these leads for over 2 years now and have built large organizations. Not only are the leads of great quality but the support is excellent. I use a simple six-step process to train my team. When you have leads who are all looking to start a home-based business, this is a very simple and duplicatable process. Cal Faber Victoria B.C. Canada –
Develop a referral program. Just like in other businesses, people who are referred by others are easier to convert to a sale than people who weren't, because they're usually coming to you with some interest in buying. Many people you talk to won't be interested in buying right away, but they might know people who are. Happy customers may want to share your product or business. You can develop a referral program to give people incentive to refer others to you. For example, you can give them a 10 percent discount on their next purchase for every new customer they refer.
Solvability in the sense of sequences for some non Fredholm operators with drift (133K, pdf) Aug 27, 18
On September 11, 2015 / Featured, Feeding Kids, Food Allergies, Healthy Eating, My Food Fix, Nut-free recipes, Nutrition, Recipes / Leave a comment
September is All-American Breakfast Month. If you’re not a breakfast person (or perhaps even if you are), you may wonder, why do we need a whole month devoted to breakfast? Well, aside from starting the day with the sweet taste of honey cake (see the honey cake recipe
Logo aabc europe | © cambridgeenertech.com Meet Germany Trade & Invest at the 8th International Advanced Automotive Battery Conference (AABC) 2018. Make an appointment with our industry expert Dr. Thorsten Bug, Senior Manager Chemicals, and learn more about business opportunities in Germany. Dr. Thorsten Bug will be on-site from January 29 -30, 2018.
All inquiries are treated confidentially and, because we are a publicly funded agency, all investment services are entirely free of charge.
Step by step to success - have a look at our comprehensive line of services and see how we will help your business grow in Germany.
Sign up for our free Chemical Industry Information Service to receive occasional industry news and event updates.
Vortex Fire specialises in providing independent code consultancy and fire safety engineering consultancy services to save lives, protect property and preserve the environment. Vortex Fire is part of LIVE Consulting Group with offices located strategically in UAE, Australia and Canada.
Before entering Asshole Xxx Sex Anal think twice if you have enough time and space to set your libido free! Tight blonde teen with shaved honeypot strips down to her pink socks and rides dildo on the floor. Fuck tha big ass - Free Porn Videos - YouPorn. Purple hair anime girls hentai 960X720 jpeg image and much more on bestofsexpics. Over 219 users Ads can be annoying for sure, but they help keep the free porn flowing.
The one thing that most loved about rope bondage, is that it is multi-functional. Sort movies by Most Relevant and catch the best full length Lesbian Ass Fuck movies now!
G-strings, like thongs, are very beautiful pieces of clothing, especially for lovely females. Tongkat ali is a good herb to of two anesthetics, lidocaine and prilocaine, which act as desensitizing agents,. Extreme Anal Hardcore Clips Brunette amateur gets butt fucked with fat rod then gets facial.
Gene Name: High-affinity copper transporter of the plasma membrane, mediates nearly all copper uptake under low copper conditions; transcriptionally induced at low copper levels and degraded at high copper levels
JHL Biotech partners with GE Healthcare Life Sciences to build monoclonal antibody manufacturing plant
The discovery of a (pro)renin receptor ((P)RR) and the introduction of renin inhibitors in the clinic has brought prorenin, the inactive proenzyme form of renin, back into the spotlight. The (P)RR binds both renin and its inactive precursor prorenin, and their binding triggers intracellular signaling that up-regulates the expression of profibrotic genes. Furthermore, binding of prorenin unmasks its active site and endows prorenin with angiotensin I-generating activity. Many studies have attempted to establish a link between (P)RR and hypertension, (P)RR and tissue fibrosis associated with hypertension and with diabetic nephropathy. Models of transgenic rats overexpressing (P)RR develop high blood pressure and have glomerulosclerosis, suggesting a link between increased (P)RR and these pathologies, but no definite proof of any role of (P)RR in other models of cardiovascular or renal diseases could be established because of the absence of any specific (P)RR antagonist and of tissue-specific (P)RR null mice. Nevertheless, a study in a large cohort of Japanese men has shown a correlation between a polymorphism in the (P)RR gene and increased ambulatory blood pressure. Finally, a mutation in the (P)RR gene is responsible for mental retardation and epilepsy, indicating that (P)RR is essential during brain development.
Previous Document: Starting together: a focus group for the organization of a CKD outpatient care unit.
modern lighting ideas led lighting ideas for bedroom led lighting bedroom elegant led lights bedroom modern lighting design led modern kitchen lighting ideas pictures.
modern lighting ideas modern kitchen lighting ideas kitchen island lighting led kitchen lighting modern lighting modern hall lighting ideas.
modern lighting ideas lighting modern design breathtaking modern lighting design salon modern lighting ideas bedroom modern lighting ideas for bathrooms.
Meet thousands of local South Wales singles, as the worlds largest dating site we make dating in South Wales easy!
Register for free today and start your online dating adventure with Dating in Wales. Sign up for free today and start your online adventure straight away.
When it comes to dating in Wales; from the hustle and bustle of its vibrant cities to truly breathtaking scenery in rural areas; it is a landscape which provides nothing but adventure.
Regardless of where you live in the country, we know that you'll want to make sure everything is perfect - right down to your choice of outfit to your choice of destination.
Whether you can't get enough of horse riding or are fanatical about fishing; places like Anglesea, Gwynedd and Denbighshire are great for getting active and exploring some free dating opportunities.
but we got back together and i thought we were on our way to work things out. why is he on this site if not to look for someone else.. I was also thinking that If he goes on a date I just turn up. At the same time I could just join i and address the issue might as well while I'm there...😳 Leave. I was at some point doing things that scared me because I would never do such thing.
Robert receives a lot of press attention for his on-off relationship with his girlfriend Kristen Stewart who he met whilst filming the saga based on the Stephanie Meyer books.
The Jewel Ornament of Liberation, also known as the Thargyen, was originally composed by Ven. Gampopa (1079-1153), and presents all of Buddha’s 84,000 teachings, kindly organized into a step-by-step outline of the path to enlightenment. It is a foundational text in the Kagyu tradition. We are so fortunate that our resident lama Khenpo Karten Rinpoche has written a beautiful 80 verse distillation entitled Excellent Path of Freedom: The Jewel Ornament of Liberation in Brief, translated into English by Jampa Tharchin. As Rinpoche states in his colophon, it was written: “so that future disciples could know how to put all of the Jewel Ornament of Liberation into practice, day and night, in daily life…” Please join us for this very special weekly series as Rinpoche give commentary and teachings on his 80 verse composition, with consecutive interpretation kindly provided by Jampa Tharchin.
Afrikan centered being defined as "Utilizing the history, culture & philosophy of Afrikan people, as the frame of reference for organizing one's approach to reality-survival and understanding in the world. The conceptual framework or orientation to reality (values, beliefs, definitions, rituals, customs, practices, etc)"[K.Kambon-African Personality in america 213]
Kamau Makesi-Tehuti is an up & coming Afrikan Centered Scholar/activist. He has dedicated the last 12 years of his life to INTENSE study of Afrikan people in general, Afrikan culture, identity and Traditional Afrikan Spiritual Systems, specifically. While in San Diego (where his “awakening” happened), he was African Students Union Vice President & President of San Diego City College (1994-1996), high ranking member of The Afrikan Cultural Society (a grassroots Afrikan based organization which brought political & cultural education to the general Afrikan public of the area, 1995-1998) and African Students Union Activities Coordinator, San Diego State University (1997-1998). He also created or was co-creator of numerous Afrikan Centered publications-The Talking Drum, Connecting Afrika’s Children and the nationwide newspaper The Naked Truth (1996-2000).
While in Chicago, he was affiliated with The Kemetic Institute and member of the TACC (Temple of the Afrikan Community of Chicago), spearheaded by scholar and Master Teacher Dr. Jacob Carruthers. He also worked in Afri-Ware, an Afrikan Centered Bookstore and cultural center and briefly started Afrikan World Analysis, another Afrikan Centered newsletter.
Within wider organizational bodies, Kamau is still presently a proud card carrying member of the Pan African Associations of America, International Headquarters (1995 to present) and was the Historian of the Association of Black Psychologists, San Diego Chapter (1997-1998).
Now, while presently in the DC/MD area, Mr. Makesi-Tehuti is currently affiliated with NationHouse/Ankobea Society (One of the most unapologetically Afrikan centered independent institutions in the region) and has been a member of their ALTR (Afrikan Leadership Training Retreat) for two of the last 3 years as well as being a member of the Marcus Garvey UNIA-ACL (United Negro Improvement Association- Afrikan Communities League) Woodson-Jackson-Bey Chapter. All who know him, peers and elders alike, will testify to his deep scholarship, critical analytical abilities and intense passion & love for Afrikan people.
Kobi K. K. Kambon (AKA Joseph A Baldwin) is a Professor of Psychology and Chairman of the Psychology Department at Florida A & M University, the only psychology department known to have an African-Centered thrust in its training program.
He has guided the development of this outstanding program for the past seven years. He is an internationally recognized scholar in the area of African (Black) Psychology, specializing in African personality, mental health and cultural oppression. Brother Kambon has numerous publications in the general area of African Psychology and some of his recent work appears in The Journal of Black Psychology and The Western Journal of Black Studies.
He is the author of the well-known African Self-Consciousness Scale, an African-centered personality test. He received the B.A. degree in Psychology from DePaul University-Chicago, and the Ph.D. degree in Personality and Social Psychology from the University of Colorado in Boulder, Colorado. Bro. Kambon is a former National President of the Association of Black Psychologists (1982-83) and currently serves on the Editorial Boards of several national African-focussed periodicals, including The Journal of Black Psychology and The Western Journal of Black Studies. He is the recipient of the Association of Black Psychologists' Distinguished Psychologist Award (1990), as well as numerous other recognitions from psychological, Black Studies, student and community organizations for his contributions to African Psychology and African community development.
Dr. Kambon’s published works are The African Personality in America: An African Centered Framework; African/Black Psychology in the American Context: An African Centered Approach; and for 2003/04 Cultural Misorientation: The Greatest Threat to the Survival of the Black Race in the 21st Century
Busty mom with hungry cunt Plump solo senorita proudly shows her juicy buttocks. Cendrine Balavoine is showing her ass and her pussy at her webcam milf, mom, blonde. Webcam tube, mom webcam porn webcam videos wife sex pussy.
Sort movies by Fisting her tight teen pussy for the first time 27,473 views. Big Boobs Live Sex Cams - streaming Live Sex Shows of busty webcam models, absolutely FREE!
A young woman was found In March 1946 in a hotel room in a hotel bedroom in the Strand, London. Tight holed newbies learn to take thier first man breeding load, savage orgies, crazed fuck sessions. Mature fuck machine fantasy fetish new sexual fuck machine in action cumming with my fuck machine. The boy tied up with dirty old rope - Thomson Reuters Foundation. Was it John Ford, a director who admitted to not caring about historical accuracy? I think the trauma of the first asian milf experience did something to my sexual hardwiring.
Stranded newly wed picked up and sucks XVIDEOS tied-up videos, page 1 free. Worrell told officers she had been abducted by a masked man before being tied to a lamppost. Woman Tied Up And Gangbanged In Public Bar Porn - Nesaporn.
Cumshots xxx videos of all types, but our huge free Cumshot Sex Tube is ready to offer you more! Secret model Erin Heatherton showed off her fabulous figure in Mexico today. Xvideos, Cumshot XXX Movies, Sex Tube Clips. Madonna shared a sexy photo of herself with ex-husband Sean Penn on Friday, Aug. I was a bit off because I would lay fact that I was living in what amounted to a drug house began to fuck with me.
Sam Bass Chandler was probably watching from the opposite side of the limo, all the while. Our porn tube chooses the best Hypnotized sex movs from different countries to keep you hard and satisfied! Watch Foxy Di - Compilation Of Cumshots on one of the hottest russian girls ever.
best coffee gold table round glass with legs wallpaper home,table top gold glass coffee round with legs,square marble gold modern coffee table white legs glass tables round with ,best gold tables and round glass coffee table with legs,round glass coffee table with gold legs two tiered tier awesome,tables gold glass table and coffee legs round with,gold glass ideas the home table coffee legs with round contemporary to regard,coffee gold design ideas nafis round glass table with legs pertaining home,legs round glass coffee table with gold bronze black accent,table gold coffee round glass with legs set and.
MyBuilder, the better way to find trusted Electricians in Cheetham Hill, Manchester. … 14 years of Rewiring Electrical Installation as Domestic Installer.Also PAT …
Electrician Cheetham Hill. Electrical contractors. Rewires, Installations, PAT Testing and Inspections. NIC EIC Approved Contractor and Domestic Installer.
Cheetham Hill is an inner city area of Manchester, England. As an electoral ward it is known as Cheetham and in 2011 had a population of 22,562.
15 Dec 2015 – Cheetham Hill Shopping Centre – work in progress … and a full periodic inspection of an existing electrical installation within one of the units.
Tip: Click on the Kingdom 366 manga image to go to the next page. You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between pages.
Kingdom 366 released! You are now reading Kingdom 366 online. If you are bored from Kingdom manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like Kingdom 366 from our huge manga list.
What if the Meiji Restoration never happened? Bakufu still holds sway, the class system has never been abolished, and there is no westernization. The story is set in modern-era Edo, which had never been renamed to Tokyo, where people go to Kabuki for entertainment and hang out at pancake house. It centers around a daughter of an elite Tokugawa shogun who goes to school with the eccentric son of the ruling Tokugawa clan's Mito family.
One major thing I want to get opinions on is how to style these journals (if at all, and it would require giving them some special status). IMO, there should be something to distinguish them from other journals besides the '_s'. I'd also rather not make a separate style for each one. Any opinions on how this should look? After some script testing I'll probably post this same question on _biz.
Also - should I disable comments, or not? Or only if there's no link provided for a discussion on the other site?
You are here: Home / CHUCK DENMARK / Accepting Love/Normally, we do not so much look at things as overlook them.
Many of us have worked too hard to make relationships work; sometimes those relationships didn’t have a chance because the other person was unavailable or refused to participate.
To compensate for the other person’s unavailability, we worked too hard. We may have done all or most of the work. This may mask the situation for a while, but we usually get tired. Then, when we stop doing all the work, we notice there is no relationship, or we’re so tired we don’t care.
Doing all the work in a relationship is not loving, giving, or caring. It is self-defeating and relationship defeating. It creates the illusion of a relationship when in fact there may be no relationship. It enables the other person to be irresponsible for his or her share. Because that does not meet our needs, we ultimately feel victimized.
In our best relationships, we all have temporary periods where one person participates more than the other. This is normal. But as a permanent way of participating in relationships, it leaves us feeling tired, worn out, needy, and angry.’
We can learn to participate a reasonable amount, and then let the relationship find it’s own life. Are we doing all the calling? Are we doing all the initiating? Are we doing all the giving? Are we the one talking about feelings and striving for intimacy?
We can let go. If the relationship is meant to be, it will be, and it will become what it is meant to be. We do not help that process by trying to control it. We do not help the other person, the relationship, or ourselves by trying to force it or by doing all the work.
Let it be. Wait and see. Stop worrying about making it happen. See what happens and strive to understand if that is what you want.
Today, I will stop doing all the work in my relationships. I will give myself and the other person the gift of requiring both people to participate. I will accept the natural level my relationships reach when I do my share and allow the other person to choose what his or her share will be. I can trust my relationships to reach their own level. I do not have to do all the work; I need only do my share.
As we live our very busy lives we might say, “How full and rich my life is!” But are we stopping long enough to look, to take in experiences, digest them, and grow from them? Or is our attention always focused upon the next event? Are we running from one thing to another, never truly being present in the current moment?
For spiritual deepening, many of us do not need to enrich the events in our lives as much as we need to simplify and quiet ourselves. We need to slow down and look at what is here. At a banquet, we might appreciate a few fine foods served in a tranquil atmosphere more fully than a lavish variety served in a frenzied atmosphere. For today, we are not able to stop the hectic pace of the world, but we can slow ourselves down and notice and reflect upon our experiences. Then they will have meaning and value for us.
THE feeling that one belongs to and has a definite personal part in the work of a growing and spiritually prospering organization for the release of the alcoholics of mankind from a deadly enslavement is always gratifying. For me, there is double gratification in the realization that more than 13 years ago, an All-wise Providence, whose ways must always be mysterious to our limited understandings, brought me to “see my duty clear” and to contribute in a decent humility, as have so many others, my part in guiding the first trembling steps of the then infant organization, Alcoholics Anonymous.
It is fitting at this time to indulge in some retrospect regarding certain fundamentals. Much has been written, much has been said about the 12 Steps of A.A. These tenets of our faith and practice were not worked out overnight and then presented to our members as an opportunist creed. Born of our early trials and many tribulations, they were and are the result of humble and sincere desire, sought in personal prayer for Divine guidance.
As finally expressed and offered, they are simple in language, plain in meaning. They are also workable by any person having a sincere desire to obtain and keep sobriety. The results are the proof. Their simplicity and workability are such that no special interpretations, and certainly no reservations, have ever been necessary. And it has become increasingly clear that the degree of harmonious living which we achieve is in direct ratio to our earnest attempt to follow them literally under Divine guidance to the best of our ability.
YET, withal, there are no “shibboleths” in A.A. We are not bound by the thongs of theological doctrine. None of us may be excommunicated and cast into outer darkness. For we are many minds in our organization and an A.A. Decalogue in the language of “Thou shalt not” would gall us indeed.
Look at our 12 Points of A.A. Tradition. No random expressions these, based on just casual observation. On the contrary, they represent the sum of our experience as individuals, as groups within A.A. and similarly with our fellows and other organizations in the great fellowship of humanity under God throughout the world. They are entirely suggestive, yet the spirit in which they have been conceived merits their serious, prayerful consideration as the guidepost of A.A. policy for the individual, the group and our various committees, local and national.
We have found it wise policy, too, to hold to no glorification of the individual. Obviously, that is sound. Most of us will concede that when it came to the personal showdown of admitting our failures and deciding to surrender our will and our lives to Almighty God, as we understood Him, we still had some sneaking ideas of personal justification and excuse. We had to discard them but the ego of the alcoholic dies a hard death. Many of us because of activity have received praise not only from our fellow A.A.s but from the world at large. We would be ungrateful indeed to be boorish when that happens yet it is so easy for us to become, privately perhaps, just a little vain about it all. Yet, fitting and wearing halos is not for us.
WE’VE all seen the new member who stays sober for a time, largely through sponsor-worship. Then maybe the sponsor gets drunk and you know what usually happens. Left without a human prop, the new member gets drunk too. He has been glorifying an individual instead of following the Program.
Certainly we need leaders but we must regard them as the human agents of the Higher Power and not with undue adulation as individuals. The 4th and 10th Steps can not be too strongly emphasized here–“Make a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves . . . continue to make personal inventory . . . promptly admit it when we are wrong.” There is your perfect antidote for halo-poisoning.
So with the question of Anonymity. If we have a banner, that word, speaking of the surrender of the individual–the ego–is emblazoned on it. Let us dwell thoughtfully on its full meaning and learn thereby to remain humble, modest, ever-conscious that we are eternally under Divine direction.
ALCOHOLICS ANONYMOUS was nurtured in its early days around a kitchen table. Many of our pioneer groups, some of our most result-full meetings and best programs have had their origin around that modest piece of furniture with the coffee pot handy on the stove.
True, we have progressed materially to better furniture and more comfortable surroundings, yet the kitchen table must ever be appropriate for us. It is the perfect symbol of simplicity. In A.A. we have no V.I.P.’s nor have we need of any. Our organization needs no title-holders nor grandiose buildings. That is by design. Experience has taught us that simplicity is basic in preservation of our personal sobriety and helping those in need.
Far better it is for us to fully understand the meaning and practice of “Thou good and faithful servant” than to listen to “With 60,000 members you should have a 60 stories high administration headquarters in New York with an assortment of trained ‘ists’ to direct your affairs.” We need nothing of the sort. God grant that A.A. may ever stay simple.
Over the years we have tested and developed suitable techniques for our purpose. They are entirely flexible. We have all known and seen miracles–the healing of broken individuals, the rebuilding of broken homes. And always, it has been the constructive personal 12th Step work based on an ever upward-looking faith which has done the job.
IN as large an organization as ours, we naturally have had our share of those who fail to measure up to certain obvious standards of conduct. They have included schemers for personal gain, petty swindlers and confidence men, crooks of various kinds and other human fallibles. Relatively their number has been small, much smaller than in many religious and social uplift organizations. Yet they have been a problem and not an easy one. They have caused many an A.A. to stop thinking and working constructively for a time.
We cannot condone their actions, yet we must concede that when we have used normal caution and precaution in dealing with such cases, we may safely leave them to that Higher Power. Let me reiterate that we A.A.’s are many men and women, that we are of many minds. It will be well for us to concentrate on the goal of personal sobriety and active work. We humans and alcoholics on strict moral stock-taking must confess to at least a slight degree of larcenous instinct. We can hardly arrogate the roles of judges and executioners.
Strengthening of churches through establishment of government and order as well as laying proper apostolic foundations
Training, equipping through mentorship programs, internship, life impartation, establishment of Royal Commission Training Center
Establishing an apostolic training centre to train five-fold ministry, saints and marketplace leaders
BIG THX to everyone who came out to vibe with us and @artcontestsc this weekend! more shows coming up quick~ #werolllikemadmen
Get to know the feminist band Rosie & The Riveters! Their new album ‘Ms. Behave,’ released on April 6th, is a collection of contemporary ideas dressed up in vintage clothing. They put out their new song “I Believe You” to coincide with International Women’s Day, along with a powerful video that stands up in support of women who have experienced sexual assault. Billboard called it “powerful [and] daring,” saying, “Their purposeful lyrics and poised harmonies are meant to…inspire every woman.” Watch here: http://bit.ly/2twGQtQ
The band wrote over 40 songs in a cabin in Northern Saskatchewan before traveling to Toronto to collaborate with heavy-hitting Canadian songwriters like Royal Wood and Matthew Barber. A quick read through song titles like “Gotta Get Paid”, “Let ‘em Talk” and “I Wanna be King” gives an idea of what they have to say. While their single, “Ms. Behave”, lays down a Bill Withers – inspired groove and rejects the policing of women’s behavior, “I Believe You” sprung from the outrage and sorrow they felt after hearing the recent avalanche of stories of sexual assault. Produced by Joshua Van Tassel (Sarah Slean, Rose Cousins, Great Lake Swimmers), their sophomore album echoes Aretha Franklin’s demand for R-E-S-P-E-C-T.
Rosie & the Riveters believe women are the world’s greatest untapped resource which is why they invest 20% of merchandise profits in micro-finance initiatives through KIVA.org. They’ve helped women like Alice in Kenya expand her horticulture farm and Maria in Ecuador purchase a sewing machine for her tailoring business. To date, they’ve contributed more than $7400 to over 150 projects around the world.
Their debut record, Good Clean Fun!, has an impressive list of accolades from sell-out shows across Canada to performing for British royalty and multiple nominations along the way. In 2016, they took home a Saskatchewan Arts Award, a prestigious recognition for emerging artists.
Rosie & the Riveters’ unmistakable visual branding of red lipstick, pin curls, and overtly feminine costuming may be deceiving, but this is not a throwback band. Ms. Behave embraces the feminist undertone of their moniker, Rosie the Riveter, in a way they hadn’t previously; one that allows them to shed their please-all attitudes, take a purposeful stance and dare be themselves. Listen closely to hear playfully defiant lyrics and confident talk-back harmonies. Every word, note, and movement in their live show is done purposefully to empower and challenge.
Rosie & The Riveters will tour the U.S. extensively this spring including an already confirmed performance at Merlefest.
Thanks for your time! So how has 2018 been treating you all so far? What is one musical goal that you have for this year?
2018 has been SO kind to us! Our #1 goal was to release a new record and tour in support of it. That plan has been going very well!
Ms. Behave, our new record, has been on a national Top 20 chart in Canada for 9 weeks, we’ve been featured by NowThis, Billboard, and PopMatters – all this before the record was even released on April 6th! The momentum has certainly been motivating!
Can you recall the moment when you all thought you could be in this band together? Was it hard to come up with a name that you all thought fit your sound and who you are? (I LOVE it) What was your runner-up band name?
Back in 2011, Farideh wanted to create an opportunity for women to collaborate and do something positive. She thought a band where women could share ideas and learn from each other would do the trick, so she held auditions, advertised them via social media and within a couple months, Rosie & the Riveters was formed!
The first songs we learned were traditional gospel tunes. We found them to be an easy way to practice singing together in 3-part harmonies and the uplifting spirit of the genre made the music really fun to learn! When we tried arranging 3-part vocal harmonies on our own, a vintage-y sound emerged naturally. It reminded us of something the Andrews Sisters may have sung. Paired with our love of thrift shopping and a desire to empower women, we decided that Rosie & the Riveters could be a great name that would tie all the elements together.
Rosie & the Riveters is a faaaaar better option than the runners up: “Oh Sister!” and “Table Top Radio”
How do you think being from your hometown has influenced your sound and how you all carry yourselves in this group?
Despite its’ size (population of about 300 000), Saskatoon has become a hub for innovation, has experienced a cultural boom in recent years and has benefitted from a trend of young entrepreneurs moving back to there to start new businesses. We’ve enjoyed the resulting microbreweries, distilleries, artistic ventures, museums and restaurants.
Along with the food scene that could make Portland envious, and the Remai Modern – Canada’s newest contemporary art museum – Saskatoon has quickly become a go-to destination. In fact, it was the only Canadian destination The New York Times included on their list of 52 places to go in 2018 (ranked at #18 beating out Seville, Fiji and Costa Rica!). Of course, we always knew our city is a happening place! 😉
The music scene is vibrant – Saskatoon boasts many different types of music venues from intimate jazz stages, blues venues and rock halls and people enthusiastically attend shows here! Many big acts/artists make stops in Saskatoon too, so there is no shortage of inspiration.
We also love the tight-knit community feel, paired with the bigger-city amenities…and nothing beats the prairie skyline – especially at sundown! We love this city for the arts scene. We love that our families are here – they keep us grounded. We love that we only need to drive an hour away to find quiet places where we write songs together. Our city helps foster the true essence of who we are as human beings and artists. This translates itself naturally into our music.
What did it feel like releasing your newest album, “Ms. Behave”? What was it like putting this collection together? Did anything surprise you about the overall process?
When we started writing this record we had two main objectives: the first was to write about topics that were close to our hearts and the second was to write as many songs as possible! Our producer, Joshua Van Tassel helped us narrow down the album selection from the total of 40 songs we had written. Only then did it become clear that there was a feminist theme interwoven in our music.
At first, it was scary to think that we’d be using the f-word to describe our music. However, we quickly realized that our brand of feminism is inclusive – which is a reflection of how we live it in our daily lives. And, we must admit, if feels really amazing that people are receiving it so openly and warmly!
How do you think your incredible powerful single “I Believe You” prepared listeners for the rest of your album? What was it like making the moving video for this track?
We wrote “I Believe You” in February last year, before the #MeToo movement took flight. At the time, we started hearing more stories of sexual assault in the media and we were compelled to write something to honor the courage it takes to break the silence and the importance of believing survivors. We are happy that this song can contribute to a conversation that is happening more broadly on a national and international level.
How much would you say that this band has grown over the years? How would you say that your sound has changed since your 2015 album “Good Clean Fun!” was released?
Our sound has most certainly evolved and matured. Our first record, Good Clean Fun!, was meant to uplift audiences, make them smile and laugh. It explored overarching themes that reflect positive values such as hope, unity and gratitude. While we also spoke of topics that are close to our hearts like the passing of loved ones and environmental protection, we merely scratched the surface of deeper-rooted issues we care about.
Our new collection of songs explores themes such as supporting survivors of sexual assault, discussing the pay gap between men and women, and challenging the societal norms by which women are often expected to live. We’ve never been a sad or mellow band and so the creative challenge has been to call attention to these issues gracefully: discerning when and how to use tongue-in-cheek humor VS when and how to be sensitive and heartfelt.
In comparison to our first record that is light-hearted and more whimsical, Ms. Behave boasts arrangements that are more grounded, womanly, soulful, and witty.
It’s so incredible that 20% of your merchandise profits is invested into over 150 charities around the world! When did you first start doing that and what made you want to do this? What are some of your favorite charities that you have been able to donate to over the years?
Our ultimate goal is to uplift audiences and empower women! As a testament to this, we invest 20% of our merchandise profits to KIVA.org – a non-profit micro-finance initiative. We have helped over 200 women bring their own projects to fruition including Maria, from Ecuador, who needed to buy a new sewing machine for her tailoring business. So far, we’ve invested nearly $10 000!
How excited are you to head out on tour this spring? What are some venues you are particularly looking forward to playing at? What do you think makes for an ideal show for this group?
The tour in support of this record is the most extensive one we’ve ever done. It will take us from Vancouver to Labrador (coast to coast in Canada) and from New York City to Los Angeles. We are really looking forward to connecting with fans from all those places… as well as the tacos in Nashville 😉 …and the oysters in Atlantic Canada!
Where do you think you are all happiest- in the studio recording new music, on stage performing or elsewhere?
We LOVE the stage! We have so much fun with each other and its contagious! We also enjoy the challenge of arranging 3-part harmonies. Often, people will ask us which Riveter sings alto, which sings soprano, etc. We all do! We like to change up the parts from one song to the other so that each band member has an equal amount of leads, sings the higher harmonies on some songs and the lower ones on other ones. It’s a way to keep us interested, engaged and challenged!
We perform about 80+ shows a year and in the past 12 months, we’ve toured across Canada and also performed in the United States in places like Nashville, Kansas City, Boston and New York City.
We recently read that people who sing together will experience their hearts beating in sync with one another too. It must be true because we certainly feel connected on stage. Singing brings us so much joy and to experience that with our best friends is one the parts we love most about performing.
We have also grown so much together – personally, artistically and as businesswomen. We wouldn’t trade this for anything.
With everything going on in the world today, how do you think your music is a reflection of it all? And if you don’t think it is at all, why is that? Do you find that the music being made today in general is reflecting these politically and culturally charged times? /// What do you hope is the message of your music? What do you hope people continue to take away from your songs? What do you hope they take away from one of your shows?
As long as there are artists listening, reflecting and creating, our history will be documented. Their work, be it a song, sculpture, video, painting or photo, is like a snapshot in time – reflections of the conversations, political agendas, protests, states of mind and opinions of the day.
When we see art, or listen to a song, we are called back to our own experience which may influence us to feel empathy. Art has the power to moves these conversations, opinions and agendas from a “head” experience to the “heart”, and becomes something a person can internalize. In this way, music becomes a powerful way to really connect with people and validate experiences.
And in today’s political and cultural climate, songs like “I Believe You” contribute to conversations happening nationally and internationally. Change can only come through awareness and there is a growing awareness in all industries on how power and privilege are not always being used responsibly and how and victim blaming is unacceptable.
We feel empowered that our music and message can contribute to conversations that help raise awareness and believe that can help inspire change.
How important do you think social media has been to this band? Do all you help to maintain all your sites or is one of you more into it all? Or do you rely on your PR/management team to handle it all?
Social media is a really great way to continue sharing our songs and messages when we aren’t on stage. They are also a really great way to engage and exchange with fans, learn from them and stay connected.
Allyson is the Riveter behind our social media strategy. She’s a wiz at it! We sometimes send her links, photos and articles, but she is the gal who keeps is all current, up-to-date, fun and interesting. Farideh is also an online advertising genius- so she works closely with Allyson to promote the most relevant posts and keep our fans in the loop.
Who would you love to work with in the future? Who are some of your favorite artists right now? What do you think would be a dream collaboration for this group?
Leah Brungardt (recently married) joined All Access Music Group in August 2011 and has been enjoying getting to know a new side of the music industry ever since. Having worked to promote radio stations in the past, seeing what makes a successful radio hit has been a thrill. As a lover of all genres of music, working at All Access Music Group is a perfect fit for Leah, and she loves learning about up and coming musicians as well. Most of her friends have come to rely on her for new music. Leah grew up overseas attending American international schools and attended The University of Arizona, where she earned a BA in Music Management. She roots for the Wildcats every chance she gets. Leah has been able to work at a variety of music-related jobs including several internships at small independent labels, ClearChannel Radio and Journal Broadcasting Group. She also spent time working retail at a store that specializes in vinyl, which was a lot of fun for her. Her favorite movie is Empire Records, so that makes perfect sense.
We want your first visit to be more about getting to know you and less about paperwork. We recommend printing the new patient forms and completing them in advance of your initial appointment
If you have a rig emergency, Call Guice! Guice Oilfield will take a comprehensive look at your rig, troubleshoot problems, and provide a solution for optimal performance. We are the leader in assessing rig damage in the field. We provide all of the necessary support and supervision to ensure your rig is repaired properly. Guice Oilfield is always available and can typically arrive on location within 24 hours. If you are having issues with your rig or if you have an emergency, call us today at 903-985-8160!
To pair great engineering with common sense to consistently deliver solutions that improve oil and gas operational progress.
Second Life(R) and Linden Lab(TM) are trademarks or registered trademarks of Linden Research, Inc. No infringement is intended.
Colorful parrots will fly from a 40-foot pirate ship and out over the crowd today, opening day for the 121st annual Central Washington State Fair.
Bird trainer Chris Biro of New Mexico has 17 parrots at the fair for a show used to educate the public about endangered birds and raise funds to support… Read more
The report says that few records exist, as the birds were in “mining and ranch areas that were not well documented due to… Read more
COCHISE COUNTY – An area resident should find out next month whether or not he will be able to obtain a wildlife holding permit in Arizona.
Chris Biro, of Rodeo, N.M., director of the 501(c)3 nonprofit organization, “Bird Recovery International (BRI),” is dedicated to saving the “last American Parrot.”
It is not unusual to find a striking Scarlet Macaw pruning his massive wings on Chris Biro’s shoulder these days. When he walks to the mailbox in town, a small bevy… Read more
I am engineer, I from Poland. I am looking company which produces powerbank's or any similar devices e.g wireless charger, wall charger, devices based on microcontrollers. This company should comes from any city in UK.
regardless what part of the world you come from if you can do the job you will get the job and I'm sure you will be made most welcome roy
Of course, in Poland are electronics companies. I am young, I would like to work in international team, see the world and change the world.
Good for you Eng, that's the way I thought over 50 years ago but by a different process. Here we are 50 odd years later and the world is still the same and I'm just a wore out tired old man, but I wish you the best on your chosen journey.
Eng As a lot of people are now past their sell by date, you should have no problem in gaining employment.
Polish workers in general have a good reputation in Britain. You should go on line to find suitable Companies and send them your C.V. with accompanying letter. Also look at the Job Centre on line for suitable vacancies and apply.
Personally, if I was in your shoes I would also consider Australia, you would probably have more opportunities as an Engineer and the climate is way better. They have a points system but you would probably have no problem if you have qualifications.
©2018 Banff International Research Station for Mathematical Innovation and Discovery. All Rights Reserved.
To reach Biser in this distance one would set out from Pohang bearing 320° or NW and follow the great circles arc to approach Biser bearing 264.2° or W .
Biser has a boreal subarctic climate with no dry season (Dfc) whereas Pohang has a humid subtropical climate (Cfa).
Biser is in or near the boreal wet forest biome whereas Pohang is in or near the cool temperate moist forest biome.
Average monthly temperatures vary by 8.7 °C (15.7°F) more in Biser. The continentality subtype is truly continental as opposed to subcontinental.
Total annual precipitation averages 244.1 mm (9.6 in) less which is equivalent to 244.1 l/m² (5.99 US gal/ft²) or 2,441,000 l/ha (260,959 US gal/ac) less. About 7/9 as much.
The table shows values for Biser relative to Pohang. You can also view this comparison the other way around from the perspective of Pohang vs Biser.
The Altoona Mirror U.S. District Judge Kim Gibson will hear prosecution arguments this week that a Roman Catholic priest from Somerset County remain in prison pending that outcome of child sexual abuse charges filed against him by federal authorities.
Gibson, presiding in Johnstown, will hear an appeal from a decision made last week by Magistrate Judge Keith Pesto ordering the release of Father Joseph D. Maurizio Jr. to home detention.
Pesto, after three hearings on the detention issue, ruled that Maurizio could leave the Cambria County Prison to reside with a sister in Somerset County.
He ordered Maurizio's financial accounts frozen and ruled that the priest, relieved of his pastoral duties at Our Lady Queen of Angels Parish in Central City, not have minors in the residence and that other visitors be screened by authorities.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephanie Haines immediately appealed Pesto's decision to the district judge, asking that a new hearing be held.
2 out of 2 people found this review helpful. This joint is second to none! The chicken salad, unbelievable. The seafood sub, to die for (i'm told the seafood is fresh picked from Ohio)! The point-of-sales clerk is always delightful! The food is only rivaled by the eye candy behind the counter! When placing an order make sure to ask for Deece or Mad-Dog!
0 out of 0 people found this review helpful. Angelo’s located within close proximity to the airport so its convenient if you are in that neck of the woods. It is definitely a better deal than something like say Fazoli’s. The food is also way better as a whole.Try their calzones!
1 out of 1 people found this review helpful. Oh Angelo, you are the best of men. The pizza was astonishing, Margarita Cheese encrusted with jalapenos and cajun crusts, seasoned with the best and served extra crisp, just the way I like it. $7.99 for a personal size one-topping pizza, dine-in only! I can only hope you all have just as positive an experience.
bamboo floors in kitchen elegant bamboo flooring pros and cons inspirational 8 best bamboo flooring systems images on bamboo floors in kitchen pros and cons.
hand scraped bamboo flooring wood floors in kitchen pros and cons hardwood,bamboo wood floors in kitchen hardwood flooring home depot amazing pros and cons,light bamboo floors in kitchen best wonderful flooring cosy hardwood wood,disadvantages of engineered wood products how to install laminate bamboo floors in kitchen hardwood flooring,bamboo floors in kitchen pros and cons wood flooring,bamboo wood floors in kitchen a closer look at flooring the pros cons and,bamboo hardwood flooring in kitchen floors latest reviews on exceptional for kitchens light,bamboo hardwood flooring in kitchen floor for kitchens floors wood,bamboo floors kitchen top floor with quartz ideas hardwood flooring in wood,bamboo hardwood flooring in kitchen us house and home real estate ideas floors pros cons.
The Library of Congress does not own rights to material in its collections. Therefore, it does not license or charge permission fees for use of such material and cannot grant or deny permission to publish or otherwise distribute the material.
Ultimately, it is the researcher's obligation to assess copyright or other use restrictions and obtain permission from third parties when necessary before publishing or otherwise distributing materials found in the Library's collections.
For information about reproducing, publishing, and citing material from this collection, as well as access to the original items, see: Work Projects Administration Posters - Rights and Restrictions Information
If an image is displaying, you can download it yourself. (Some images display only as thumbnails outside the Library of Congress because of rights considerations, but you have access to larger size images on site.)
Alternatively, you can purchase copies of various types through Library of Congress Duplication Services.
If a digital image is displaying: The qualities of the digital image partially depend on whether it was made from the original or an intermediate such as a copy negative or transparency. If the Reproduction Number field above includes a reproduction number that starts with LC-DIG..., then there is a digital image that was made directly from the original and is of sufficient resolution for most publication purposes.
If there is information listed in the Reproduction Number field above: You can use the reproduction number to purchase a copy from Duplication Services. It will be made from the source listed in the parentheses after the number.
If only black-and-white ("b&w") sources are listed and you desire a copy showing color or tint (assuming the original has any), you can generally purchase a quality copy of the original in color by citing the Call Number listed above and including the catalog record ("About This Item") with your request.
If there is no information listed in the Reproduction Number field above: You can generally purchase a quality copy through Duplication Services. Cite the Call Number listed above and include the catalog record ("About This Item") with your request.
Price lists, contact information, and order forms are available on the Duplication Services Web site.
Please use the following steps to determine whether you need to fill out a call slip in the Prints and Photographs Reading Room to view the original item(s). In some cases, a surrogate (substitute image) is available, often in the form of a digital image, a copy print, or microfilm.
Yes, the item is digitized. Please use the digital image in preference to requesting the original. All images can be viewed at a large size when you are in any reading room at the Library of Congress. In some cases, only thumbnail (small) images are available when you are outside the Library of Congress because the item is rights restricted or has not been evaluated for rights restrictions.
As a preservation measure, we generally do not serve an original item when a digital image is available. If you have a compelling reason to see the original, consult with a reference librarian. (Sometimes, the original is simply too fragile to serve. For example, glass and film photographic negatives are particularly subject to damage. They are also easier to see online where they are presented as positive images.)
Do the Access Advisory or Call Number fields above indicate that a non-digital surrogate exists, such as microfilm or copy prints?
If you do not see a thumbnail image or a reference to another surrogate, please fill out a call slip in the Prints and Photographs Reading Room. In many cases, the originals can be served in a few minutes. Other materials require appointments for later the same day or in the future. Reference staff can advise you in both how to fill out a call slip and when the item can be served.
To contact Reference staff in the Prints and Photographs Reading Room, please use our Ask A Librarian service or call the reading room between 8:30 and 5:00 at 202-707-6394, and Press 3.
Citations are generated automatically from bibliographic data as a convenience, and may not be complete or accurate.
Balanced diet for the expectant mother Inquire at the Health Bureau . New York, None. [New york: wpa federal art project, between 1936 and 1939] Photograph. https://www.loc.gov/item/98513398/.
Balanced diet for the expectant mother Inquire at the Health Bureau . New York, None. [New york: wpa federal art project, between 1936 and 1939] [Photograph] Retrieved from the Library of Congress, https://www.loc.gov/item/98513398/.
Balanced diet for the expectant mother Inquire at the Health Bureau . [New york: wpa federal art project, between 1936 and 1939] Photograph. Retrieved from the Library of Congress, <www.loc.gov/item/98513398/>.
Congenital syphilis is preventable If syphilitic mothers will take adequate treatment during the last five months ... 1 print on board (poster) : silkscreen, color. | Poster for New York State Department of Health promoting proper treatment for syphilis for pregnant women, showing woman holding a baby.
Expecting? Get the right advice from the right sources, your doctor or health bureau 1 print on board (poster) : silkscreen, color ; 56 x 35.7 cm (board) | Poster promoting proper health care for pregnant women, showing a stork.
Protect her from tuberculosis Consultation of your doctor or clinic means prevention. 1 print on board (poster) : silkscreen, color ; 55.9 x 35.6 cm (board) | Poster promoting regular medical checkups for prevention of tuberculosis, showing woman holding a flower.
No creature in this world so ignorantly nurtured as the average baby Advice at your health ... 1 print on board (poster) : silkscreen, color ; 55.9 x 35.6 cm (board) | Poster promoting proper health care for children, showing a girl with a fawn.
Eat fruit - be healthy 1 print on board (poster) : silkscreen, color. | Poster promoting proper dietary habits, showing stylized fruit.
The changing association between prenatal participation in wic and birth outcomes in new york city Catalog Record - Electronic Resource Available "We analyze the relationship between prenatal WIC participation and birth outcomes in New York City from 1988-2001. The analysis is unique for several reasons. First, we restrict the analysis to women on...
A manual on the culture of small fruits, Catalog Record - Electronic Resource Available Also available in digital form on the Internet Archive Web site.
Ladies day at public baths | Ladies day at the public baths The subject is a group of women bathing in a public swimming pool. The camera was placed on the edge of the pool and the full extent of the film shows the...
Contributor: American Mutoscope and Biograph Company - Paper Print Collection (Library of Congress) - Marvin, Arthur W. - Niver (Kemp) Collection (Library of Congress)
Get seasonal ingredients and chef-designed recipes delivered right to your door-and discover how much better dinnertime can be. Sign up and get 25% off your first month!
Whether you’re planning a wedding, throwing a birthday party or just hosting a get-together to watch the big game, let your local Albertsons do the work! From custom cakes to versatile deli trays, ordering is easy! Simply place your order online and your neighborhood Albertsons will create the perfect party spread, making your next special event effortless! Order now and leave your guests wondering, “How did they find the time?”!
Life’s full of great moments, and we don’t want you to miss a single one this flu season! Getting a flu shot is the easiest way to protect yourself and your family. Stop by our pharmacy today.
Get extra savings on your favorite products with just for U® at your local Albertsons! Clip your digital coupons and personalized deals all in one place. Find your club specials and save on the things you already buy that are currently on sale. Create your shopping list, then print or email for an easy reminder. Sign up today and start saving!
Earning Gas Rewards is as easy as shop, earn, redeem! Simply shop your favorite products at your local Albertsons store, earn points on purchases and redeem Gas Rewards at participating stations! Whether you’re a commuter or planning a road trip, Albertsons fuel program is for you. Find a station near you today and start saving!
Delicious foods and easy recipes for lunches, snacks, and family gatherings. Kids aren’t the only ones who’ll look forward to these fun lunch ideas and quick, healthy bites. Save and enjoy!
All the ingredients you’ll need to make your holiday menus special! From sides and desserts to fresh takes on the classics, and tips for carving the turkey; See how we can save you time with ready to serve meals, lovely floral arrangements, and options for delivery.
Find a huge selection and variety of Albertsons exclusive brands throughout the store! From produce and dairy to floral and decor and everything in between, Albertsons has you covered. O Organics®, Open Nature®, Signature SELECT™, Signature Home™, Signature Care™, Lucerne® and debi lilly design™ are just a few of the unique brands you will find at your local store. What makes our brands special? O Organics® products are USDA certified organic and are all at a value to the leading organic national brands and it doesn’t stop there! debi lilly design™ products can be found in your floral department and will make seasonal entertaining fun and festive while Signature SELECT™ will make every day extraordinary with premium foods and meals. Shop exclusive brands, like these, at your local Albertsons today!
Visit your neighborhood Albertsons located at 4415 W 7th St, Texarkana, TX, for a convenient and friendly grocery experience! From our bakery and deli, to fresh produce and helpful pharmacy staff, we’ve got you covered! Our bakery features customizable cakes, cupcakes and more while the deli offers a variety of party trays, made to order. At the butcher block you’ll find an assortment of meat and seafood, even offering sushi in select locations, while the produce department is full of fresh fruits and veggies galore! Shop the floral department for exclusive debi lily design™ products and services and stop by the pharmacy for specialty care, including immunizations, prescription refills and so much more!
Albertsons is dedicated to being your one-stop-shop and provides an in-store bank, Coin Star system, and Money Gram service in select locations! Further enhance your shopping experience by grabbing a hot cup of coffee at your in-store Starbucks or Seattle’s Best Drip Coffee and enjoy renting a movie from Redbox or DVD xpress. Check out our Weekly Ad for store savings, earn Gas Rewards with purchases and download our Albertsons app for just for U® personalized offers. For more information, stop by or call (903) 831-7226. Our service will make Albertsons your favorite local supermarket!
American Express, Android Pay, Apple Pay, Cash, Check, Diner's Club, Discover, MasterCard, Samsung Pay, Traveler's Check, Visa, China Union, JCB, EBT, WIC, eWIC, FSA Flex Spending Cards, Gift Cards
Home Driver Services DMV Office Locations Pennsylvania Fayette County Uniontown Uniontown PennDOT Photo License Center
New Year's, Martin Luther King Day, Presidents' Day, Memorial Day, July Fourth, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving, day after Thanksgiving, Christmas
There are plenty of people who simply want payday loans online no credit check but there are also those who want a line of credit that they can draw against, a one hour loan, an installment loan or the ability to apply for either of these loans using their iPhone or other type of mobile phone.
Line of credit payday loans online no credit check gives the borrower the payday loan online they are looking for without the credit check but also provides the extra benefit of only having to take out the money as needed or re-borrowing the money after it is paid back without the hassle of re-applying or re-qualifying.
One hour payday loans online no credit check gives the borrower the payday loan online they are looking for without the credit check but also provides the added benefit of getting the money into their bank account the same day. One hour payday loans online can cost a little more or could require the borrower to work a little more to get the faster approval and money transferred faster but sometimes that is what's needed.
Installment payday loans online no credit check gives the borrower the payday loan online that they are looking for without the credit check but also provides more time to pay back the loan and in some cases more cash due to the longer term. It is easier to qualify for a loan and even a larger loan when there are more and smaller payments.
With an application that is designed to be used on an iPhone or other type of mobile phone borrowers can apply for mobile payday loans online no credit check, line of credit payday loans, one hour payday loans or installment payday loans from anywhere and still receive the same great fast and secure service.
Use our iPhone loan application and receive an approval within 90 seconds. 90 seconds is not a long time but a mobile phone can turn itself off before 90 seconds so when using a mobile device you must touch the screen if it begins to fade or close to keep the connection alive until the application process completes. You'll know the approval process is complete when you receive the approval screen.
Online Line of Credit, El Dorado, AR, National Cash Credit - Fast Approval Payday Loans and Line's of Credit - Never Leave Your Chair
ATM fee note: There is a $1.50 fee each time you use a non-affiliated ATM. (Fee does not apply to all accounts.)
ATM Fee Rebate Noe: Some accounts provide rebates of ATM Surcharge Fees. Contact BancorpSouth for details.
ATM fee note: There is a $2.50 fee each time you use a non-affiliated ATM after 2 uses per month. (Fee does not apply to all accounts.) (Not all accounts provide this fee waiver.)
Mobile & Text Banking, Debit Reward Programs, Overdraft Protection, Email Alerts, Online Bill Pay, Activity Download, Free Checks, Unlimited Checks
ATM fee note: There is a $2 fee each time you use an ATM that's not a Regions ATM. (Fee does not apply to all accounts.)
No Fax Payday Loans | No Fax Cash Advances | No Faxing | National Cash Advance, No Fax Payday Loans and Cash Advances online from National Cash Credit. The best low cost no fax and no credit check payday loan lenders available online. no fax payday loans, no fax cash advances, no fax, payday loans, online loans, national cash credit, cash credit, national cash advance, personal loan, western union cash advance, quick 500 cash loans, $500 no fax loans, financial security, online loan, personal lending, national lenders, no credit check, no credit checks, national, instant, loan services
A lot of good things can happen when you join in. Here’s how harmonizing with strangers in the community helped me when I needed it most.
One night seven years ago, I rode my bike through a snowstorm to a real estate office on the opposite end of the city. It was at the urging of my friend Nobu, who had sent an email imploring people in our community to come out and sing a couple of songs together. There were maybe 20 of us gathered in a circle that night, and we sang, self-consciously clutching our lyric sheets at the beginning, confidently harmonizing The Beatles’ “Nowhere Man” by the end. It was such a simple thing, to sing with mostly strangers, and it was enthralling.
Joining the group helped me build a sense of community and make new friends, something that feels awfully intimidating and hard to do as a grownup.
The next day I went to my therapist’s office. “I don’t know how, exactly, but this is going to change my life,” I said.
The week before, she and I had been talking about stagnation, about numbness. I was looking for anything to prick through the deep, hazy grief I’d found myself in post-divorce. Maybe I need to travel somewhere mind-blowing, I suggested, or quit my job and move to a new city? “Just create some small movement somewhere­­–anywhere–in your life,” my therapist said. “The ripple effect will take hold.”
And so, I went to a real estate office in a snowstorm, and yes, that one small movement did completely change my life. I found a new social network, a new love, a new life. But it was also the start of something huge: Choir! Choir! Choir!, that one-off singing night, became a weekly event, the venue growing to accommodate the burgeoning crowds. Now, seven years later, C!C!C! is a bona fide, internationally renowned sensation.
Joining a choir night is simple. You just pay $5 at the door, get your lyric sheet and decide which group you fit into: low, mids or highs. Then, Nobu Adilman and Daveed Goldman, the C!C!C! leaders, teach everyone the different parts, one group at a time. Finally, they say, “Okay, let’s all try that together,” and the three sections become one — and that’s where the magic happens. For me, in my post-divorce state, that moment of vibrating harmony was always explosive. It felt like the opposite of loneliness. It felt like connection.
Now, Adilman and Goldman regularly take the experience to cities across Canada and the U.S. And when the world loses a much-loved musician, Toronto can count on C!C!C! to mount a fitting memorial, whether it’s singing the songs of Leonard Cohen in a candlelit park or honouring our beloved Gord Downie in a packed singalong in Nathan Phillips Square.
What is it that makes joining a singing group so powerful? There’s no shortage of studies that point to the physical and mental benefits of singing together: Singing encourages deep breathing, relieves muscle tension and releases feel-good endorphins and oxytocin (known fittingly as the friendship hormone). Then there’s the first-hand proof. “It’s hard to sing without smiling,” Adilman says. “You open up to a huge variety of emotions, and it makes you feel really good. It also puts you in a prime position to use that energy and make connections with people long after the singing has stopped.”
That’s the other piece of the magic of C!C!C!. Yes, the singing and the breathing and the learning are delightful, but joining the group helped me build a sense of community and make new friends, something that feels awfully intimidating and hard to do as a grown-up. (Researchers at the University of Oxford found singing together has a profound “icebreaker” effect, promoting an almost instant connection among complete strangers). And connection begets connection.
A report by Hill Strategies Research, funded in part by the Canada Council of the Arts, highlights how breaking out of your routine and participating in a cultural activity has both social and psychological benefits. The report also found that joining and creating a sense of connection makes you more likely to give back: charitable donations are more common among people who take part in cultural activities, as is the tendency to volunteer, or even do a favour for a neighbour. The more involved we get, the more we want to contribute to our communities. Case in point: Our C!C!C! group sponsored two refugee families, raising $10,000 toward the cause in one evening by singing John Lennon’s “Imagine” at a packed Lee’s Palace. Last year, the group’s 25 Days of Charity raised more than $50,000 for 25 different organizations chosen by C!C!C! members.
Despite the travelling required to bring the C!C!C! experience to non-Torontonians, most weeks still see Nobu and Daveed up on the stage at Clinton’s Tavern, coaxing a song out of the crowd of hundreds. “Our joke is that we work hard to set the bar lower and lower,” says Adilman. “We don’t have auditions and it’s okay if you come once or all the time. There’s no pressure and you don’t have to have a music degree to participate. All that said, we want to sound good!” Every week, there are the singers who have joined in for years and the newcomers who leave with the same look of delighted discovery I must have had on my face seven years ago on my way home from singing in a snowstorm. ♥
You can use this page to do an online look-up of any fines associated with the vehicle with the number O1T0. If you do not want for your vehicle's information to be made public, please write to us via the feedback page and we will delete the webpage you designate. We value the privacy of our visitors!
The license plate O1T0 has been searched for 11 times in the past month. If the information for this number is incomplete or inaccurate, please let us know right away!
You can use this page to do an online look-up of any fines associated with the vehicle with the number 126FT. If you do not want for your vehicle's information to be made public, please write to us via the feedback page and we will delete the webpage you designate. We value the privacy of our visitors!
The license plate 126FT has been searched for 11 times in the past month. If the information for this number is incomplete or inaccurate, please let us know right away!
解説本や動画を見ても巻き髪が上手くいかない方は“セルフ巻き髪”動画がおすすめです。ちょっとした動きやテクもしっかり見えるから、バッチリ覚えることができますよ！今回はセルフでわかりやすい「巻き髪」テク動画を集めました。
Will Sergeant made a name for himself as guitarist for the iconic 80's group, Echo and the Bunnymen, and now he is delving into the world of street art. Will made his first appearance on public walls as part of the Mr. Brainwash's 'Art Show 2011', where Sergeant put up some impressive screen printed pieces.
Fitting right in with the Bunnymen's post-punk sound, Sergeant's art is influenced by color field painters, Dadaism, and pop art amongst others.
It is exciting to see how the gap between music and visual art has been bridged, and real rock stars are becoming street artists. Sergeant is currently preparing for his first solo show at the Penny Lane Gallery in Liverpool, and we look forward to seeing more of his work on the streets.
MELROSEandFAIRFAX just had a collaboration with The Huffington Post where we break down the differences between Street Art and Graffiti. ...
A few weeks ago, Snyder put up a beautiful paster of a homeless man playing the harmonica. Well, some time between now and then a stree...
Bwhahaa. Hilarious corner action here. A sticker on the sign saying 'Tell Your Mom I'm in Town'. Next to it, on the side...
Unfortunately, it was bound to happen, but so soon? Banksy's Band Aid Balloon Heart got tagged by Omar NYC. This is just another c...
The music duo Daft Punk is one of the top electronic acts in the world, and they have risen to fame by always wearing helmets. In fact, ...
This mural seems to capture everything that is wrong with street art and its lost values. At face value, this is a mural painted by Kai...
bedroom door prices veneer bedroom door for at factory price with epic and digital lock in my digital lock sun 7 order bedroom door price.
University Campus, Bio-Medico, Rome, Italy and Queen Mary St. Bartholomew’s and The London School of Medicine, University of London
This paper is prompted by a commitment to two beliefs about the work we do. First, I believe that the teaching of writing should not be separated from the teaching of reading--in more general terms, that the practice of rhetorical production cannot be disentangled from the discursive practice of rhetorical response. Second, and more particularly, I believe that how a written text functions, its influence, effects, or consequences--more generally, the social function of a rhetorical act--is determined more by responses of those who receive it than by the intentions that produced it. I first articulated these beliefs in print some time ago, and would now like to use this occasion to sketch the shape of a pedagogy for the teaching of writing that draws upon theories of rhetorical criticism derived from the work of Kenneth Burke. Specifically, I want to examine the resources inherent in his notion of identification for providing us with ways to prepare students to use writing and reading to participate constructively in a wide variety of discursive interactions.
Burke offers identification as the "key" term in what he calls the "new rhetoric" and focuses his theoretical attention there rather than on "persuasion," the key term of the what he describes as the "old" ("Rhetoric--Old and New"). He formalized this focus first in 1950, in the introduction to A Rhetoric of Motives, having witnessed the contentious first half of the 20th century that culminated in the Nazi holocaust and the invention of nuclear warfare. Given that context, its not surprising that the position Burke took here relative to the rhetorical tradition and, particularly, to its tradition of rhetorical criticism, was both revisionist and utopian. Having concluded that the purposes of "invective, eristic, polemic" that lend propel the project of rhetorical exchange as traditionally theorized and practiced are no longer tenable--he describes the fulfillment of these as the act of the "kill," Burke begins a 333 page attempt to offer a survivable alternative. And while he ends his introduction to the Rhetoric with the claim that he does not "flatter" himself "that any one book can contribute much to counteract the torrents of ill will into which so many of our contemporaries have so avidly and sanctimoniously plunged" (xv), the transformed version of rhetorical practice he recommends in the pages that follow seems to aspire to do exactly that.
I once heard Burke say that he developed this revisionist rhetoric for the classroom--for his students at Bennington. My guess is that he did so in a utopian attempt to educate a new generation in ways of discursive interaction that are more constructive than had past generations when they find themselves enmeshed in potentially destructive conflicts. I make that guess prompted by his overarching pedagogical goal articulated in an essay on education in 1955: to teach people to "modify" their "intrinsically competitive . . . ambitions" by enacting a "methodic distrust." Specifically,
we would try, at least within the limited orbit of theory or contemplation to perfect techniques for doubting much that is now accepted as being beyond the shadow of a doubt. A mere inculcating of "tolerance," "good will," "respect for the rights of others," and such, cannot be enough. Such attitudes are all too airily positive. And the educational training here advocated would be in its very essence negative . . . . ("Linguistic Approach to Problems in Education" 272)
Burke's conception of a rhetoric in which identification rather than persuasion is "key," is a discursive exchange in which "the various voices, mutually correcting one another, will lead toward a position better than any one singly." More to the point, the motive that propels the kind of discourse he envisions is more cooperative more than competitive: "one does not want merely to outwit the opponent, or to study him, one wants to be affected by him . . . --in brief, to learn from him" (284). But it is also fundamentally defensive.
This is a variety of utopianism that does not invest hope in the efficacy of a particular ideology. Rather, it locates hope in the capacity of human beings to judge wisely and deliberately how they will interact with each other, and in the possibility that they might be taught the advantages of choosing to cooperate rather than to compete when they interact. In this utopia people choose a wary humility over ready hubris when they find themselves in conflict. Here people might learn to speak and write in ways that acknowledge the inherently partial and partisan character of their own fallible claims as conscientious objectors to the project of the rhetorical kill. But knowing that unless everyone chooses such renunciation, conscientious objectors are cast aside with a clear conscience and no capacity for influence, Burke asserts that people must learn to resist the forces of persuasion in order to judge and to choose for themselves. He recognizes that because the nature of language as well as human nature makes the cooperative utopia he envisions not possible, and presents his theory of identification in the form of an explication of the implicit and explicit elements of the persuasive appeals that people encounter in discursive interactions that he intends to enable people to defend themselves. This "new" rhetorical criticism exposes for explicit scrutiny and careful choice the usually implicit processes of identification that otherwise operate almost invisibly on those to whom an attempt to persuade is addressed. Teaching that kind of criticism seems to a pedagogical way toward support Burke's goal of purifying war.
By investing his utopian hope in the project of teaching rhetorical criticism, Burke fits into a pattern observable in the changing emphases of rhetorical education in the West during recent centuries. This is only an impressionistic generalization, but here it is. As nations became increasingly self-governing schooling became more widely accessible, and as schooling became more widely accessible more attention in the rhetorical curriculum seems to have turned to the teaching of critical reception and response. Perhaps this is because common sense says that for a genuinely self-governing society to sustain itself, its citizens must be capable of choosing wisely from among the many and constant attempts that are made to persuade them to collective attitude and action. Of course, modern educational purposes have been for some time propelled by the forces of a labor market that requires competency training and professional credentialing, but even now some elements of a typical "general education" (those that stress "critical thinking," particularly) and even specialized training in some disciplines (political and cultural criticism in literary studies, for example) still address this civic need. In his essay on education, Burke picks up on that need explicitly by envisioning an education that is "primarily admonitory" in its purpose rather than simply "promissory" of the kind of "insignia" that enable students to "'get ahead' as individuals" ("LAPE" 271). As he argues, "nothing less than a very thorough training in the discounting of rhetorical persuasiveness can make a citizen truly free" ( 285). Indeed, just a year ago, in our own College English, this civic vision of education in writing and reading was articulated again by James L. Kastely who suggests that Burke's kind of "linguistically skeptical education would renew patriotism not so much by providing positive models but by pursuing an approach that . . . seeks to make new and sophisticated citizens by constituting them as critical audiences and speakers who are self-conscious . . . users of language" (323).
Here Burke and Kastely and the rest of us who think about discourse and citizenship in this way stand squarely in the civic tradition of rhetorical education, which is itself founded on a faith in the capacity of people to judge critically and independently. Such faith enacts a hope that people can learn to resist the ideological forces that, for Kastely, following Burke's theological language, can possess us: "no one can escape this possession but one might be able to interfere . . . . The name for this interference is criticism" (308). For Burke, ideology takes possession of people through the mechanism of identification and, as William Rueckert puts it, life in language is "charged with highly symbolic identifications," both "overt and covert" (75). Persuasion happens when one person accepts the identifications that another presents, and both that presentation and its acceptance may or may not be intentional. In this process, then, the actions of both those who persuade and those who are persuaded are, in the words of Christine Oravec, "not by any means entirely conscious or self-contained" (178). As Burke summed it up in his introduction to A Rhetoric of Motives:
There is an intermediate area of expression that is not wholly deliberate, yet not wholly unconscious. It lies midway between aimless utterance and speech directly purposive. For instance, a man who identifies his private ambition with the good of the community may be partly justified, partly unjustified. He may be using a mere pretext to gain individual advantage at public expense; yet he may be quite sincere . . . . Here is a rhetorical area not analyzable either as sheer design or as sheer simplicity. And we would treat of it here. (xiii-xiv)
So how does all this fit into the writing classroom? In multiple places in his work Burke discusses identification in terms that suggest a teachable critical method. In his early Attitudes Toward History, he notes that it is "normal" to identify the self with "manifestations beyond" the self (263), that people require a "corporate identity" and are "enfeebled" when they avoid identifying themselves with collectives because identification is "the function of sociality" (266-7). Further, he describes the experience of sociality as one of shifting identifications: encountering "corruption" in a collective with which we identify, we tend not to give up on collectives altogether but, rather, to search for alternative identifications. Burke argues that the choice people face is not whether to identify butwhich identifications to accept. And he would have people make that process of choosing as fully conscious and openly accountable to those with whom they live and work as possible.
People use language in social life and identification is unavoidable. But because we can learn to choose from among identifications, some instances of persuasion can be avoided. Persuasion, Burke writes in A Rhetoric of Motives, is enacted in a transformation of one's perception and attitude, and the elements of that process of transformation are identifications (46). Consequently, we should learn to defer consent to the transformations that would render a particular discursive act functionally persuasive by first locating the identifications it entails and then choosing from among them which ones to accept. In his essay on education this becomes a method that takes the form of two questions: "you begin by asking yourself 'what equals what in this text?' And then, next, you ask 'what follows what in this text?'"
The first question, "what equals what," requires an examination of, in his terms, things like "what 'hero' is to equal " in a particular text, "what 'villain' is to equal, what 'wisdom' is to equal." Burke calls this mode of questioning a text a "study of equations" within it that, for a reader, enables "yielding without demoralization." This act of locating and understanding the identifications that a text presents ("even," Burke adds, "when a writer has no such intentions in mind") but then deferring their acceptance is a "yielding" because it "systematically let[s] the text have its full say, even beyond what the author may have thought he was saying . . ." (270), but the reader's consent to accept that "say" is withheld. That is why he describes this method of questioning as an approach to both texts and to "the human situation" that "makes methodical the attitude of patience" (271).
However, eventually a reader must respond. Burke's second question--"what follows from what in this text?"--designates the second set of equations. But because he offers little explanation of this step I feel licensed to read "follows" as a term for consequence and effect. Given this reading, while a study of the first set of equations can expose the identifications--stated, implied, and inferred--that a text invites its readers to accept, a study of a second set could enable the reader to consider the effects that might follow from accepting each identification that is offered. In this same essay, Burke offers--in his usual, complicating way--other terms for this two-step method. He describes the first step as one of locating "all significant correlations" and the second as choosing how to respond to them(276); the first as a "formal" approach to the text and the second as a "doctrinal" one (286); the first as aesthetic, enacting "appreciation," while the second as rhetorical, enacting counter-assertion (290).
And although Burke does not make this connection explicitly, I find his treatment of this second question suggesting a connection to another of his critical tools, the notion of the "representative anecdote" developed in A Grammar of Motives. In the Rhetoric Burke describes these two critical questions using the mathematical metaphor of "equations:" a reader begins by locating the identifications that a text both states and implies by asking "what equals what?" His earlier Grammar also uses mathematical terms when he describes the system of identifications that a text presents as "a given calculus" that "must be supple and complex enough to be representative of the subject matter it is designed to calculate. It must have scope, yet it must also possess simplicity, in that it is broadly a reduction of the subject matter" (60). In other words, a critical reader can judge the identifications--the equations--that would render a text persuasive by determining the extent to which together, as a system, they represent what the reader believes to be real or desirable. In still other words, a reader can counterbalance the claims of a text with an assessment of whether the concept they present corresponds with the reality he or she experiences or the ideal for which she or he hopes.
To make that assessment, critical readers must check for a problem inherent in the use of language: in Burke's terms, even if people intentionally "seek for vocabularies that will be faithful reflections of reality, . . . they must develop vocabularies that are selections of reality" which, in turn, will function "as adeflection of reality." If that vocabulary--that set of equations, of identifications that a text presents to persuade a reader that it corresponds to reality-- "meets the needs of reflection, we can say that it has the necessary scope. In its selectivity, it is a reduction. Its scope and reduction become a deflection when the given terminology, or calculus, is not suited to the subject matter it is designed to calculate" (59). Essentially, he continues, "one should seek to select as representative anecdote, something sufficiently demarcated in character to make analysis possible, yet sufficiently complex in character to prevent the use of too few terms in its description" (324). For example, "if our theme were Ôcommunication,' we should seek to form our terms about some typical instance of communication, rather than selecting some purely physical mode, as a highway system or telegraphic network" (326). Though stated here in terms of rhetorical production, this insight operates as a critical tool that can enables the kind of patience that can lead to responses that counter the kill by enacting Burke's moral dictum that "the progress of humane enlightenment can go no further than in picturing people not as vicious but as mistaken"--indeed, "necessarilymistaken" as their "every insight" must, because of the nature of language, contain "its own special kind of blindness" (ATH 41).
As a teacher, I am interested in using some version of this method to integrate the acts of reading and writing--to render student writing an act of discursive response to the texts that they read. I am interested in using Burke's insights into the persuasive function of the processes of identification to prompt readers to write in ways that counter the intentions of texts they read in ways that enable them, and those who read with them, to choose whether those texts are persuasive. It seems to me that Burke's method of locating the appeals to identification that a text presents to enable a reader to assess more fully its intention, and then of judging the extent to which that intention represents a reality or ideality to which that reader can consent to enable a critical discursive response, suggests the shape of a pedagogy that embeds writing in reading and reading in writing and, as it does so, holds writers and readers alike accountable for what "follows." And that last is something important that I think we should teach.
---. "Linguistic Approach to Problems of Education," 259-202. Modern Philosophy and Education, ed. Nelson B. Henry.
Kastely, James. "Kenneth Burke's Comic Rejoinder to the Cult of Empire," College English (March 1996): 307-326..
Call today, 281-918-7137, Five Star repair to schedule a same day or next day appointment for a small diagnostic fee, cheaper than the industry average (Appliance Blue Book pricing) which goes toward the repair price. Have an experienced Five Star technician service your appliance today 281-918-7137. All Five Star appliance technicians have extensive experience servicing all types of appliances including Five Star Refrigerator, Five Star Oven, Five Star Stove, Five Star Washer, Five Star Dryer, Five Star Dishwasher, Five Star Microwave, Five Star Cooktop, Five Star Freezer and Five Star Ice Maker. Five Star commercial appliance repair service as well. Same day appliance repair, Five Star appliance installation, ac repair, offering best pricing, affordable pricing, emergency appliance repair and weekend repair. Call now 281-918-7137.
Do not try troubleshooting your Five Star appliance at home by yourself as you can damage or harm your appliance. The technician will not be able to work on your Five Star appliance if it has been tampered with or taken apart by another technician. The Five Star technicians are extremely experienced and affordable, so they will be able to give you a reasonable price for the efficient service they provide.
Is it your condenser, compressor, temperature control, evaporator fan that is effecting your Five Star refrigerator from cooling? No worries our technicians are ready and willing to repair your refrigerator. Five Star refrigerators should last at least 20 years before even thinking of buying a new appliance.
Are you having trouble with your Five Star oven not heating, burners on the stove not lighting, oven door not opening, temperature gauge not working, pilot not lighting, gas, electric? It could be many things causing your oven to not work properly in any case you must be very careful especially if it is a gas oven. Call us today to schedule an appointment and we will send an experience Five Star repair technician out to your home today.
Is your Five Star washer not spinning, making a loud noise, won�t agitate, won�t drain, vibrating too much, filling too slow, leaking water, won�t start, overflowing, lid won�t close, lid won�t lock, or stopping mid-cycle? It could many things causing your Five Star washer to not work properly. Do not try to fix this yourself as water damage could be a lot more expensive than what one of our experienced technicians will charge you.
Is your dryer not starting, not heating, not tumbling, door not locking, not drying, won�t stop, tripping breaker, too hot, making too much noise, won�t turn at all, stop in mid cycle? Your Five Star Dryer is not working properly and could be caused by many things. The best thing for you to do is to call us today so we can get an experienced Five Star technician out to you so you do not have to take your clothes to a laundromat. Do not try to fix this by yourself especially if it is gas, it could be a fire hazard if this is not fixed properly by a trained technician.
Is your Five Star dishwasher not cleaning, not draining, buttons not working, leaking, motor not working, won�t fill, making noises, won�t start, won�t latch, showing error codes, dispenser won�t work, stops mid cycle, overflowing? Do not try to fix this yourself as water damage will be much more costly than scheduling one of our experienced Five Star repair technicians.
Hampton Sheet magazine and Joan Jedell partnered with Paola Garzoni and her international boutique real estate firm LaSeven to create an over- the-top Spring Into Summer bash at LaSeven's 58th Street 5,000 sq. ft. space.
The 350 power-pack included former top cop Bill Bratton and TV-anchor wife, Rikki Klieman who recently settled back into town from LA, rubbing elbows with David Dinkins, Republican Senate hopeful Bruce Blakeman, RFR's Richard Farley, St. Giles Hotel GM David Lopez and William Parris, Gilan jewelry VP Samir Tahan, John and Margo Catsimatidis, Gabi Garzoni, Jerry and Adrienne Cohen, Jean Shafiroff, Sharon Bush, Sirio Maccioni, Janna Bullock, Rikki Kane, David Hyrck, Don Epstein, Phil O'Brien, Lisa Solomon, Andrea Stark, and Vanity Fair's George Wayne. DJ Vera Kolovic had the crowd up on their feet on the dance floor. A special thanks to LaSeven's Noel Hernandez, who worked tire-lessly with us to transform the empty 5,000 sq. ft. space into a fabulous tropical oasis setting for the party. Also a special thanks to our wonderful sponsors including St. Giles Hotel exec. chef Andrew Carranza for the fabulous food that our guests flipped over, Lex Bar, Ajune Day Spa, Dr. Perricone, MarieBelle Chocolates, Waterworks, Brugal rum, Repton Group for Tito's Vodka made in Texas, Cole Bernard and Eric Unger of the Status Group for the yummy Red Velvet cupcakes and bar, St. Supery wines, and DLA Piper. The event benefited Same Sky, founded by Francine LeFrak, to empower HIV-positive women artisans in Rwanda. A great time was had by all at this 6pm to 8pm party that went past 11pm!
Former top cop Bill Bratton is seriously settling back into town. The chief and his TV-anchor wife, Rikki Klieman--who moved back from LA late last year -- have rented an apartment on East 65th Street and bought a house in Hampton Bays.
The couple was spotted at Hampton Sheet magazine publisher Joan Jedell's summer party at real-estate firm LaSeven's East 58th Street space Tuesday night, rubbing shoulders with David Dinkins, Republican Senate hopeful Bruce Blakeman, Sharon Bush, Russian millionaire Janna Bullock and architect Richard Meier.
"I want to be a part of it, New York, New York", sang Frank Sinatra and Liza Minnelli. Just as these classic crooners suggested, many investors are now taking advantage of dropping share prices and declining value of the dollar to find bargains on condos and townhouses in some of the Big Apple's prime neighbourhoods,
like the Central Park area. Among those taking advantage of this trend is Paola Garzoni, the founder of LaSeven, Inc., a New York-based, Swiss-managed real estate agency. "At the moment we are facing a rare opportunity as market conditions are showing the first signs of improvement after the slowdown," Paola Garzoni affirms. "This means it is the best time to invest, not only for short term value but also for long term growth".
While American buyers struggle to cope with today's tight mortgage restrictions and declining property values, the number of foreign investors has been growing rapidly in the recent months.
The U.S. regulatory climate has long encouraged property investment without limits on financial speculation. Foreign firms also benefit as they invest in properties both large and small without restriction.
As a result of the U.S. mortgage crisis just over a year ago, financial institutions have become less willing to loan money and the loan conditions have become much stricter. For foreign investors, however, the tightened mortgage restrictions are not an issue.
Mortgage loans normally represent 70-75% of a property's value, calculated by considering both the future profit potential and the present budget including rent contracts, costs and expenses. Before granting a loan, banks evaluate the property budget, and then consider the financial condition and other property holdings of the investor seeking the loan. Mortgage taxes can be fixed - calculated by adding a spread to Treasury Bill rates - or variable, based on adding Libor (the rate banks charge each other for loans) to a spread.
In any case, the best bargains are available with "all cash" offers - without any loan - and can be concluded in a short time, often within 45 days from signing a purchase contract.
"Differently from Switzerland, loan interest in the U.S. is tax deducible," Paola Garzoni says. "The real estate (excluding the underlying soil) has to be written off or depreciated according to the established laws and standards, but there is no property tax. " In this area, we rely on the expertise of
Ms. Garzoni, who earned her B.A. in Architecture from ETH in Zurich, an M.A. in Real Estate from Columbia University in York, and an M.A. in Construction Management from New York University.
Regarding taxes, even if spreads grow, the ongoing financial crisis has brought a substantial drop of Treasury and Libor taxes. In the recent months recorded transactions have been in the 4.4-5.1% tax range.
"Foreign investors are purchasing luxurious estates in the heart of the city paying entirely cash, using their own capital or foreign loans without applying for U.S. mortgage loans," Paola Garzoni explains. "The majority of the foreign investors are not realtors, but are companies or family businesses, usually – usually having accumulated their capital from among various industries. LaSeven, Inc. provides even the most demanding of these clients with personalized professional advice," he said. "In addition to English, our staff also speaks Italian and French.
"Current LaSeven client preference has been concentrated in the New York City metropolitan area - mainly Manhattan - where the economy has been more stable than in other U.S. cities," affirms Paola Garzoni, who has long family experience in the real estate sector. "Because New York seems to have suffered less from the economic crisis, the city has proved its capacity to maintain and increase real estate value, Many international investors, who were previously most interested in investing in their own countries, are now buying apartments in prestigious U.S. areas thanks to the double drop of the dollar and real estate value," he said. "The advantage of these investments is that they both protect current capital and provide potential for middle/long term increases as the market continues its recovery."
"An interesting aspect of real estate market is its indifference to inflation: its value grows when the inflation is strong and stays stable when the inflation is moderate," explains Ms. Garzoni. "Investments can be long or short term because there is no progressive tax, like the TUI in Switzerland (a capital gain tax on Real Estate) which declines gradually, thus allowing a profit only if the real estate is held for a long time. In the dynamic U.S. economy, just one investment a year is enough to halve the capital gain tax (from 45 to 20%)", explains Ms. Garzoni. "Those who plan on making a long or very long-term investment shouldn't be concerned because – unlike other U.S. cities where newly built areas compete with previously fashionable ones - Manhattan has remained the heart of New York City for over four centuries."
Differently from Britain, in the U.S. (save the rare exceptions) there is no such concept as leasehold. Real estate is normally bought giving the owner an absolute right to it. There is a peculiar concept of "air rights" in the U.S. allowing property owners rights to the airspace above it. Laws have been enacted permitting the transfer of such "air rights" – either completely or partially – thus allowing construction on undeveloped property.
Annual real estate tax in the U.S. is based on the estimated value of the real estate multiplied by a local or state-established percentage. It is calculated annually by the state institutions in charge and the rate can be appealed. This tax is billed semi-annually in New York. Property tax doesn't exist in the U.S., but – similar to Switzerland – there are applicable transaction taxes that apply at the time of property transfer, inheritance or with a mortgage bond. Transfer taxes, for example, are applied to every real estate transaction and depend on the state and county where the real estate is located. In New York, the transfer tax amounts to 1.825% of the sold real estate based on a combination of state and county taxes.
In New York there is also a 1% tax on all purchased real estate of over 1 million dollars, usually called a "mansion tax". Fortunately, this feature does not consider anticipated profit, but only applies to actual acquired real estate profit net of administrative and maintenance costs, mortgage interest and allowances.
"In the U.S., anyone – including foreigners – can purchase real estate and register it directly in their name," Ms. Garzoni pointed out. "This happens rarely, however, to avoid the annual U.S. fiscal declaration, inherency tax (about 45-55% of total estate value), and to allow reasonably-priced property insurance in case anything unexpected should happen", she said.
The most popular legal structure for purchasing real estate in the U.S. is a Limited Liability Company (LLC) which can be treated as either a pass-through entity or as a corporation for U.S. tax purposes,. "This entity or corporation will be best determined according to investors' needs, desires and requirements, rather than only considering how to make a good deal," Ms. Garzoni explains. "This entity can be set-up as a trust or as a U.S. or foreign company".
For financial reasons, trust ownership is normally the best choice for Americans, as it doesn't imply double taxation. Corporations, on the other hand, are taxed at 20 % of the transaction profit. European investors are therefore encouraged to obtain a thorough analysis of each specific transaction to determine their most suitable solution.
In spite of the economic downturn and mortgage crisis, the number of real estate transactions grew by 16% in the most recent quarter – creating a market very much in the buyers' favour. "This is a sign of trust that signals the first signs of recovery, especially if we compare average prices on condos in New York in the third quarter of 2009 to the third quarter in 2008," says LaSeven's Principal. "We've seen an 18% decrease in average prices. For example, the current average price is $1,012 per square foot (10,700 Swiss francs per square meter) – a third less than in June 2008 – but the actual drop was even greater: 40% on condos and 51% on the average townhouse."
"As usual, the most luxurious real estate kept its value, with average prices dropping only by 8 % - keeping the average price at $2,000 per square foot," Ms. Garzoni pointed out. "Sales of new developments (buildings under construction) dropped by 70 % compared to last year, even as their price increased by 25%.
"This data isn't very precise, though, as it is calculated on the number of sales of very luxurious buildings which were contracted a year or two ago when the construction work began," she continued.
"At the moment you can find some real bargains because much of the real estate on the market is owned by people experiencing the fall of stock market or those who've lost their jobs in the economic downturn," according to Gabi Garzoni, a real-estate manager and Vice President of LaSeven, Inc. "Unfortunately, a lot of people find themselves struggling to paying huge mortgages and having to sell their apartments – many of which in very nice areas and – at comparatively low prices meant to sell them quickly" she said. "In fact, we've recently completed transactions with discounts of 20-35% compared to last year purchase prices".
In Manhattan, most of the apartments for sale (85%) - especially in prestigious areas on Fifth Avenue, Park Avenue and on Central Park West - are Cooperatives or Condominiums, usually situated in the old buildings. A Condominium is a type of property where one can purchase a single unit in a complex of multi units. The buyer, then, owns the individual apartment as well as a proportionate share of common elements of the building. Each Condo owner pays a monthly fee to cover their share of the expenses for the building. Ordinary administrative decisions concerning the common property are normally made by a Condo Board and executed by a management company hired by the Board.
An apartment in a Cooperative represents a very different form of ownership. The trend started in the aftermath of the World War II when the cooperatives were established as a legal institution to allow real estate owners to transform their buildings into Cooperatives Housing Societies. Under this arrangement, owners could sell minor shares of their property and, by doing so, ensure not only immediate income but also the total control of their assets. A Cooperative is a company that owns the entire building including the purchased apartment. Purchasers acquire not only a piece of real estate but also a minority stake (shares) in the company that owns the building - similar to shares purchased on the stock market. The minority share holders receive a lease contract allowing the exclusive use of the apartment they purchased, rarely giving the exact size of the apartment. The maintenance of the building and all decisions pertaining to all the apartments are determined by the Coop Board at their sole discretion, and are not bound by fairness or to explain reasons that result in the denial of application to sell, rent or to perform renovations in the apartment.
As far as the taxes are concerned, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service applies the same standards to both Condos and Cooperatives. However, as purchasing an apartment in a Cooperative means obtaining some shares and not the real estate, the state does not request any estate taxes from the buyer as is the case with a Condo.
All these subtleties can be overlooked by a real estate investor and must be considered by real estate agencies specializing in serving European customers. LaSeven, Inc., follows a complete transaction process - from defining the investment through negotiations to legal requirements and, if necessary, administration. LaSeven offers clients extremely efficient assistance.
Boasting an experienced team of legal, fiscal and accounting experts, LaSeven is well suited to professionally assist with all aspects of international investments.
"If our investors require, we are prepared to assist with administration, accounting, legal and fiscal services after the sale," Gabi Garzoni stated. "We also offer supervision with real estate renovation or redecoration."
The perspectives for commercial real estate are different, like office spaces and shops. "There is likely still some decline in this sector," Gabi Garzoni commented. "The impact of the financial crisis caused lots of renters (tenants) to negotiate for cheaper rent prices or leave their commercial spaces before the end of their term. Investing in this sector is quite risky nowadays, as the profit this kind of estate can generate is shrinking and there is no sign of quick recovery", he said. "This is a sector in which foreign investors play an important role in the few transactions taking place at the moment."
LaSeven, Inc. has been involved in the New York market for over 15 years. It offers exclusive and confidential service mainly to European customers, providing private clients or companies interested in investing in New York or Miami with professional advice and personalized service.
In Miami - as in Las Vegas and other popular, fast-growing U.S. cities - an uncontrolled surge of real estate speculation took place in recent years.
As the worldwide economic crisis unfolded, Miami was hit hard, bringing a sharp drop in share values. In Miami Beach, the most attractive South Florida area for international investors, "the drop wasn't as strong as in the other areas in Miami, but it was enough to create some very good deals," explains Paola Garzoni, a real estate manager and architect who founded of New York-based, Swiss-managed LaSeven, Inc. "Anyone wanting to purchase a condo right now for personal use has a rare opportunity to find bargain pricing on luxurious condos in very strategic locations seaside and along the beach," she said.
Current real estate prices in the heart of Miami are exceptionally low, often even lower than the construction costs. "A lot of owners, having purchased during the real estate boom and now forced to sell, find themselves competing with apartments being sold by hard-up real estate agents and promoters, along with banks selling estate after bankruptcy proceedings", Paola Garzoni says. "In addition to the well-publicized foreclosures, there are also short sales and debtor-in-possession sales before bankruptcy proceedings.
"There are now about 15,000 such apartments on the market in Miami, with many of them sitting empty because of lack of demand," she said. "These properties are available for exceptionally good prices per square meter."
Foreign investors considering U.S. real estate should keep in mind that there are substantial differences between the markets in New York and in Miami. For one thing, cooperatives which thrive in New York are almost nonexistent in Miami where condos dominate the market. Another factor is that there are no gain or income taxes for Florida residents which much higher real estate income. The annual real estate tax in Miami is 2% of the estimated market value of the property – about twice what it is in New York.
The process of negotiating a real estate purchase is also different between New York and Miami. In New York, a buyer can make a number of purchase offers without being bound by a contract. In Miami, a proposal to purchase real estate typically requires a signed purchase contract which includes a cash deposit to confirm the buyer's seriousness, whereas in New York it is necessary only when the price is agreed on and the contract signed.
Outfit planning is always better in pairs. 📷@oliviaandalice_ Shop IT via the #linkinbio and get it for the weekend with free express delivery with code FREEEXPRESS. (UK only)
Sometimes blending into the background isn't all that bad... 📷 @prettysickly Tap to shop or shop IT via the #linkinbio
Have you seen the weather? You definitely need this Rainbow Puffer Jacket. 🌈 #TopshopStyle #TopshopIT Tap to shop or shop IT via the #linkinbio. Model: @cara_taylorrr
Christmas is just around the corner, time to bring out the statement earrings ❄️Shop IT via the #linkinbio
The Planning Board meeting was called to order by Wendy Walker, Chairperson, on March 08, 2001 at 7:10 P.M. at the Limington Municipal Building.
Also attending: Priscilla Tucker, Secretary. The Code Enforcement Officer, Freeman Abbott was absent.
The first order of business was the election of officers. The election could not be held because not all members were present as required.
The next order of business was the review of the application by Michael Hanson to construct a single family home in the Resource Conservation District. Mr. Hanson was present.
Wendy Walker asked Mr. Hanson what he intended to do about the road. Mr. Hanson stated he was prepared to abide by the decision of the Planning Board.
MOTION: To accept as complete the application by Michael Hanson to construct a single family home in the Resource Conservation District.
A site walk was scheduled for March 16, 2001 at 5:00 P.M. The members will meet at the Municipal Building.
The application by Stephen Emma, Firestorm Paintball, to extend the operating hours was reviewed for completeness. Stephen Emma and Andrew Earle were present and explained their request to extend their hours.
When questioned about the new road that was to be constructed, Stephen Emma explained that the new road was in but has not been plowed.
The lighting for night play was questioned. Stephen Emma said that he has been in touch with an electrician. Wendy Walker requested that Mr. Emma provide a drawing of the location of the lights on the property and the type of lights.
Wendy Walker further requested a drawing indicating the location of the buildings because, as she was informed, there are two buildings that have been removed.
Ronald Perkins wanted to know the proposed extended hours of operation and Wendy Walker said that would be negotiated later.
The matter was tabled until after the break to provide time for Stephen Emma to draw the requested plan for lighting and location of buildings.
The review of By-laws was the next item for discussion. A change in the Rules of the Limington Planning Board is recommended by the Board. It shall state that if any applicant for a conditional use permit is not present when their application is reviewed or at the Public Hearing then no action will be taken.
Wendy Walker stated that she will make the change to the document and provide copies for the members to review.
The application by Genie Nakell, York Cumberland Housing, to make changes to the Growth Ordinance was reviewed.
Richard Jarrett stated there were only three methods for changing the ordinance which includes action by the Selectmen, Planning Board or by individual petition. The Planning Board members unanimously expressed their opinion that the Selectmen should be involved in any decision regarding the application. Stanley Blake, Jr. said that he would bring the matter to the Selectmen during the break.
The meeting reconvened and Stanley Blake, Jr. said that the Selectmen declined to be involved in the matter.
MOTION: To decline action on the application by Genie Nakell, York Cumberland Housing, to change the Growth Ordinance and to notify her that she may file a petition in the Town.
Wendy Walker said she would notify Genie Nakell of the decision. The Selectmen will be requested to refund the application fee to the applicant.
The application by Stephen Emma, Firestorm Paintball, was reopened. A drawing was distributed to the Board members by Mr. Emma which indicated the location of the proposed lights and remaining buildings.
Stanley Blake, Jr. asked what the height of the light poles would be. Stephen Emma answered that the poles would be twelve to thirteen feet high. The lights would be five hundred watt halogen.
MOTION: To accept as complete the application by Stephen Emma of Firestorm Paintball to extend the operating hours.
A letter was received from the law office of Maxine Paul Pouravelis who represents Donna Dulude and Lloyd Boston. They have asked the attorney to evaluate Webster Mill Place effect on their property. The attorney stated in the letter that standards require the Board to demand, evaluate and submit for peer review the mass calculation in addition to plume calculations. The letter will be included in the next meeting package.
The letter from Richard Jarrett to Steve Kelly, Haley & Aldrich, Inc., who is performing the independent peer review of the hydrogeological. submissions by Webster Mill Place. A copy of the letter will be included in the next meeting package.
A letter was read from Richard Jarrett which urged the Board to budget time in the coming year to review and revise the Comprehensive Plan. He further stated he would serve on a committee as a citizen.
The subdivision ordinance should be addressed during the coming year also. Wendy Walker has a copy of the sample ordinance provided by Southern Maine Planning Board.
Wendy Walker informed the Board that three of the proposed ordinance amendments did not pass. They were, 1) Access to Lots; 2) Miscellaneous; 3) Land Use Changes.
The Board then completed the subdivision plan checklist for the Webster Mill Place project. The following items will have to be provided by Webster Mill Place:
Comments and explanation of why they are recommending a single sewer system as opposed to a central system.
Donna Dulude and Lloyd Boston, abutters of the proposed Webster Mill Place development, have asked me to assist them in evaluating the subdivision's effects on their property. One of their concerns involves the development's proposed septic system. I understand the Planning Board is in the process of determining the adequacy of the R. W. Gillespie & Associates, Inc., nitrate impact assessment in view of Limington's Subdivision Ordinance and Comprehensive Plan. I believe the Board may be seeking your counsel regarding the adequacy of the present study, and I write to offer my clients' thoughts on the matter.
As you know, Limington does not have public sanitation facilities or a public water supply, and lies over a large sand and gravel aquifer that the Town wishes to protect as a potential supply of a public water system (see the Comprehensive Plan at p. 31 and pp. 74-75). Limington's Comprehensive Plan - most recently amended and reenacted in 1997 - encourages subdivisions with the important caveat that development be "limited in areas that it would damage and that in other areas, development be designed so that it will not degrade [the Town's] natural resources, with a minimum of disruption to private property rights (Comprehensive Plan, p. 29)."
Moreover, Limington's first natural-resources goal in its Comprehensive Plan is to "ensure the quality of ground and surface waters for present and anticipated needs." As a means of implementing the goal, the Comprehensive Plan at pages 68-69 enjoins: "Apply performance standards designed to protect groundwater quality to all types of development. " Comprehensive Plan, pp. 68-69, emphasis in original
All or a significant portion of Webster Mill's soil appears to be rated "severe" for septic systems. Consequently, every appropriate measure must be taken to insure that the drinking water within the development remain safe and adequate for the life of the subdivision and that the subdivision's sewage disposal system not endanger the groundwater supply of other Limington residents.
The Town's Subdivision Ordinance originally banned septic disposal in soils rated "poor" or "very poor." In 1996, the sewage disposal standards were amended (see attached). The new section 10.6. 1. continued to require the installation of a sewer system at the expense of the subdivider and to permit individual septic tanks if a central sanitary septic system were not feasible. Has a finding been made that a central system is not feasible here? That would appear to be the case since the Board is now evaluating whether the subdivision meets the standards for septic disposal. The amended section 10.6.1 permits septic disposal in soils rate "severe" provided a hydrogeological study meeting certain performance standards are submitted.
The Webster Mill applicants have submitted a series of hydrogeological studies performed by R.W. Gillespie & Associates, Inc. As has been their practice with several neighboring subdivisions, Gillespie at first submitted two types of nitrate impact assessments: a nitrate attenuation "plume" calculation and mass balance calculations. Their very first submission on July 14 erroneously assumed too many bedrooms and had to be redone. Their second submission dated later in July showed the soils to be adequate under the plume calculation but not under the mass balance calculation. A third submission relied on the plume calculation only. My clients have asked me whether, from a legal standpoint, the plume calculation is sufficient to meet the applicable standards of the subdivision ordinance and the comprehensive plan. For the following reasons, I believe the standards require the Board to demand, evaluate and submit for peer review the mass balance calculation in addition to the plume calculation:
1 . While the amended 10.6.1 does not explicitly state that both types of calculations must be performed, there is a clear presumption that both will be performed in soils rated "severe" inasmuch as 10.6.1.(1)(c) refers to plume-relevant criteria and 10.6.1.(2) and (3) refer to mass balance-relevant criteria.
2. The Soils and Groundwater discussion and table set out in the Comprehensive Plan at pages 31-32 are only relevant with respect to a mass balance calculation. While this language first appeared in the original Comprehensive Plan of 1993, it was reenacted without change in 1997, after the 1996 amendment to 10.6.1. and must therefore be viewed as having continued vitality.
3. Only the mass balance calculation will accurately predict whether the soils are compatible with the full development goals of the Comprehensive Plan.
Further, I understand the developer has not provided the data required by 10.6.1.(1)(b) - depth to the water table at representative points throughout the subdivision - and has been asked to go back and perform those samplings.
A question has arisen with respect to the plume calculation itself. I've been advised that the DV figure used by Gillespie, 0.5 ft, is high and that 0.1 ft might be more appropriate. If the Board could ascertain the values ascribed to DT and Vy, (the elements of DV), there might be a better basis to assess the appropriateness of the .5 ft figure.
The calculations presented thus far deal only with nitrate concentration. The other concern of septic system pollution is disease organisms (virus, bacteria). Would you know if the Board plans to inquire about appropriate calculations with respect to that concern?
I know the Board is attempting to do a thorough evaluation of this development. With 22 residences to be built on such poor septic soils, I trust the members will continue to give the sewage disposal considerations their very strictest scrutiny. The health and safety of the residents of the development, of the abutters, and of everyone else in Limington may require a closer look at the feasibility of a central sewage disposal system in place of a potentially problematic septic disposal system.
Please note that www.Limington.org is not the official website of the Government of the Town of Limington.
We have one of the largest fleets available and vehicles you will love for all your special occasions!
Limo Nationwide is open 24/7 for ultimate convenience. We work with event planner and individuals alike, providing fantastic group travel solutions, private aviation transportation for CEO’s and government officials; we well as super quick sedan service for our corporate airport travelers.
We are sure you will find our limousine services to be professional, accommodating, and reliable, every single time. Limonationwide.com provides the best Party Bus Rental Atlanta and Limousine Service Baltimore! Get free quotes now!
For a limousine and car service that you can depend on to create your big day even more special, ride with us. We can and listen to your special requests and assist in tailoring your limo ride to your wedding, for a more customized feel. We understand that everyone is unique and we believe your wedding should reflect that. Let us know what we can do for you to make your wedding day even better!
Select from a variety of specialized wedding limousines. Choose from white, black, standard to super stretch. We have what you need!
What sorts of events do we work with? Pretty much anything that you can imagine. We’ve done proms, birthdays, concerts, graduations, anniversaries, or just a night out on the town or clubbing. If you want to go and do it, we can help to get you there safely so that the fun can continue. It’s a win win situation for everyone that is going out with you.
Choose from several different types of party buses, if you don’t know what you are looking for, call our friendly team today!
No matter what your group travel needs are, we can accommodate you and your group; our charter buses and minibuses are great for tours of the area, field trips and more. Select a time and cost efficient choice from a transportation company you can depend on–every time.
We can extend our punctual services for groups in need of multiple vehicles at once. Find buses from economical choices to completely luxurious.
We provide transportation for every corporate occasions; conventions, banquets, important meetings and more. We have transportation that you can depend on being punctual every time. Accustom to transporting small to very large groups, our services are ideal for group corporate travel.
Whenever you’re arriving or departing from any of the major for secondary area airports, there are plenty of options to get you to your destination.
Nationwide Limo Service provides exceptional limousine, sedan, and bus service to the major cities across the United States. We take pride in offering transportation every one can use at affordable prices, but with accommodating and professional service. Read More
All images are copyrighted by me. They may not be reproduced, manipulated or used in any way without written permission.
I am a quilt pattern designer and textile artist. At the moment I am obsessed with crochet! Originally from the Netherlands, I have been living in Australia with my husband and our 3 sons since 2007.
Blog Archive November (1) September (1) August (2) May (4) April (1) January (4) December (4) November (3) October (3) September (4) August (2) July (8) June (5) May (1) March (1) December (3) November (2) October (1) August (3) July (1) June (2) May (3) April (3) March (1) February (1) January (10) December (1) November (1) September (1) August (1) July (2) June (1) May (2) April (2) February (1) January (3) December (2) July (1) May (3) November (2) August (1) May (1) April (2) January (2) December (1) November (1) October (3) September (2) August (3) July (8) April (3) February (2) January (3) December (1) November (2) October (7) September (2) August (2) July (1) June (28) May (25) April (28) March (31) February (27) January (28) December (31) November (29) October (27) September (24) August (31) July (30) June (30) May (18)
I will recommend Gulfjobseeker to anyone because they are beyond expectation. I had my job through them within one week.
Gulfjobseeker is rocks! provide excellent service, it gave me a way for quickly searching job thanks a lot gulfjobseeker.com
What is the matter with these papers? Of course, there is need to disclose any abusive use of these companies. But, isn’t it normal to use any potential tool in order to protect privacy? Why are there names published of persons who may not have any reason than privacy to use offshore-vehicles?
Dear all, It has been a while that I have so much thoughts about tax and economic issues which I would like to share. This blog now has created the platform for me to do what I wanted to do in this respect.
Ludovico Ariosto was an Italian whose only ambitions were to write and tend to his garden. Ariosto lived during the period when the Renaissance had reached its fulfillment in the sixteenth century. He helped establish the Italian language, long eclipsed by Greek and Latin, as a medium of serious literary expression. A major influence on his writings was Pietro Bembo, a contemporary poet and scholar.
Ariosto's father was Count Niccolò, who was commander at Reggio Emilia before moving the family back to Ferrara when Ariosto was ten. From 1489 to 1494, Ariosto was forced to study law, but switched to literature in 1499. Ariosto always considered Ferrara his home.
After his father's death in 1500, Ariosto supported the family. In 1502, he became commander of the citadel Canossa. In 1503, he entered the service of Cardinal Ippolito d'Este. In 1509, Ariosto followed the Cardinal in a campaign against Venice with hopes of joining the court of Pope Leo X, which would allow him time to pursue his dream of writing.
Because his dream of joining the court didn't come to pass, he quit the service. By this time, he had written some poetry. He joined with the Cardinal's brother, accepting a position at Garfagnana, where he maintained peace in a wild area of country. From 1517 to 1525, he wrote seven satires that would influence European comedy.
He was a man with simple tastes forced to be a courtier. When he retired, he secretly married his mistress to avoid ecclesiastical benefices to which he was entitled. The sign above the door to Ariosto House said: He knew the house was small, but he bought it with his own money. The remainder of his life was spent tending his garden with Alessandra Benucci, his disabled brother Gabriele, and his son Virginio.
His work Orlando Furioso (Mad Orlando or Roland) is regarded as a perfect expression of the artistic tendencies and spiritual attitudes of the Italian Renaissance. This epic, which deals with the struggle of Charlemagne and his knights against the Saracens, weaves together heroism, villainy, pathos, sensuality, humor and irony. This work was written to complement Orlando Innamorator, by Biordo.
Michaelsguardian.blogspot.com - A travel in scripture, Bible prophecy and the Word of our God and our Lord Jesus Christ through the eyes and soul of the last witness and chosen vessel, Michael surnamed Jackson
The Conspiracy against God is about "The Word", and the profaning of His Holy Name within us. Adam fell in the garden, breaking the direct connection to God. Jesus, the "last Adam" was a quickening Spirit, the Word made Flesh, and the only one with whom we can re-establish our relationship with God. Michael's story is still unfolding. He is the one who is, is not. But Jesus is the only name given under heaven by which we must be saved. Many are trying to rewrite HIStory. We were given a help to instruct us. Learn more "here".
"Now the Lord had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will shew thee: 2. And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:
3. And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed."
Even after the crucifixion and the resurrection of Christ, the faith of Abraham was still talked about. In the letter to the Galatians, Paul stressed the importance of faith and obedience to God. Abraham was not sin free, Abraham committed adultery even though it was at the behest of his wife, lacking faith in God’s promise of a son; and Abraham argued with God on the destruction of Sodom because his nephew Lot and his family lived within that city.
Even with those things evident in scripture, it was Abraham’s closeness to God, his faith in God and his love for God that planted the seed of God back into the substance of man.
You are about to see just what God meant by “his seed”. This begins the language within; the language under the language through the generations and the strangers and the scattering of that seed among the Gentiles “in the midst” of many people, so that when the “Fulness of the Gentiles” came in, all of Israel would be saved, and “not a fragment lost”, “not one grain would fall to the earth”.
This is the knowledge that God has opened up. This is what they do not want you to understand. This is why men snuck in to infiltrate the early church. This is why Pharisees sought to torture and kill those God called. This is why descendents of those Pharisees “converted” and became the early Jesuits, setting up institutions designed to teach over top of The Word and not the understanding of it.
And this is why people like Zechariah, John the Baptist, Jesus, Peter, Steven, Paul and more modern translators of the Gospel like William Tyndale were oppressed, discredited, persecuted, and killed.
This is why Christians have been labeled “Kharijites” (ISIS) in Syria and Iran, and this is why Mormons and other wolves in sheep’s clothing are subverting Bible believing Christians and why they have sought to roost here.
I am in perfect faith that they will not succeed in what they plan to do. They may make things uncomfortable, but God in Heaven has already won. I can not, nor would I change the things He has shown me. My only desire aside from being with Him is that you come to know the blessing He has given me, and how powerful that promise made to Abraham really is. It has already been fulfilled.
John 3:16 tells us that God so loved the world – that means you. Everything we are is of Him. It is your heart and your soul that must decide to embrace him as Abraham embraced him. When you give to God that which you love most, the blessings He has in store for you are indescribable by any man:
"For since the beginning of the world men have not heard, nor perceived by the ear, neither hath the eye seen, O God, beside thee, what he hath prepared for him that waiteth for him."
So imagine the falling of the spirit within a person when the joy bestowed upon your soul by God is sneered at by your spouse.
David’s devotion to God was a source of contention for his wife, “Michal” in 2 Samuel 6:16; and there are other spouses who were either not equally yoked in faith, or resented the time the other spent with God.
"For I am jealous over you with godly jealousy: for I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ. 3. But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ.
4. For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received, or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with him."
This is relevant today in more than one household. What opens the door need not be as extreme as this. It can begin as a simple doubt in the mind of he or she who seeks faith in the acceptance of others. This was not the case with Sarah, who only could not see the miracle God was capable of in giving her a son in her late age.
Sarah, Abraham's wife laughed when her husband told her the Lord promised them a son. Then she tried to deny it. Yet the Lord, even before He would ask Abraham to sacrifice his son, knew what Abraham would do before he did it. The seed already existed. It only needed to be planted in fertile, faithful ground.
"Then Sarah denied, saying, I laughed not; for she was afraid. And he said, Nay; but thou didst laugh. 16. And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way.
17. And the Lord said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do; 18. Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?"
If as David wrote in Psalm 139 that God saw his substance and wrote his members in a book before there were any of them; surely God knew and had covered Abraham in the womb of his mother, crafting him in preparation for the covenant?
Because the knowledge of the language and the power of God’s name is such a threat to them it is important to take note that Abraham, the first of the covenant with men, his seed which is of Christ, and the language is of most importance.
"And said, By myself have I sworn, saith the Lord, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thy son, thine only son:
17. That in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies;
Faith is exercised through obedience. It is interesting to note that Abraham was blessed, and through him a seed was planted in fertile soil, yet was there no ceremonies, no temples, no feasts, no commandments other than what God asked of Abraham to do. There was no law, no observance of numbers or planets, and there was no graven images on towering buildings.
It wasn’t until Moses; after Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, Ephriam, Rephah, Resheph, Talah, Tehan, Laadan, Ammihud, Elishama, Nun and Joshua who was born to Nun who traveled with Moses that the secrets of the “tabernacle” would manifest itself into portable tents, and these details would carry over to the Temple Solomon would have built.
They were “building a house for the Name of the Lord”. We learned that “Bethlehem” means “house for the Name of the Lord”.
Joshua, son of Nun was born in Egypt before the exodus. It is interesting to note the various names Joshua has in the Bible:
"These are the names of the men which Moses sent to spy out the land. And Moses called Oshea the son of Nun Jehoshua."
"So the people went forth, and brought them, and made themselves booths, every one upon the roof of his house, and in their courts, and in the courts of the house of God, and in the street of the water gate, and in the street of the gate of Ephraim.
17 And all the congregation of them that were come again out of the captivity made booths, and sat under the booths: for since the days of Jeshua the son of Nun unto that day had not the children of Israel done so. And there was very great gladness."
Remember Nehemiah was given permission to return to the land of Israel to “repair the walls” of Jerusalem. In chapter 8 this is where we discovered that the “Book of the Law” of Moses had more to do with how we were made, then the “do’s and don’ts” of the Commandments. Emphasis was on those men and women who “were of understanding” and when the law was read in verse nine, the people wept when they heard the words of the law. We discovered this together back in September of 2012 on the topic “I Believe In Miracles . . .”
The “Word” is what God created everything . . . everything with. It would be the Word with which God would restore us and free us from the bondage of corruption.
The Word made flesh was Jesus the Christ. Through the faith and obedience of Abraham was brought forth that seed.
On “Exposing the Word” we reviewed “Agape” as a word meaning “unconditional love”. Then we dug into the Syriac letters for “Aleph/Alaph” and the “Heh/He” and made some comparisons to these letters used in pop culture and the music industry, specifically clues that Michael Jackson put in his visuals, dance moves and sign language.
We also reviewed Bible verses revealing those who either had the Name of God in them or were chosen to “bear my name”. We also reviewed the connection to the Aleph, Aleppo Syria, the Greek transliteration into “Spiritus Lenis” which means “Breath of God/Spirit of God” and Lenis = soft.
We also made the connection between the Christian Syriac language, the construction of an enemy in Syria and Iraq to justify the allied forces bombing Syria and Aleppo, and the connection to Syria, Shem’s son Asshur, and the language of the Hebrew, Abraham who lived in the land of Ur.
Ur was once a coastal city in what is now Southern Iraq. The origin of the name is rather interesting:
“Ur (Sumerian: Urim;[1] Sumerian Cuneiform: 𒋀𒀕𒆠 URIM2KI or 𒋀𒀊𒆠 URIM5KI;[2] Akkadian: Uru;[3] Arabic: أور‎) was an important Sumerian city-state in ancient Mesopotamia, located at the site of modern Tell el-Muqayyar (Arabic: تل المقير‎) in south Iraq's Dhi Qar Governorate.
It is interesting to note that the “Unu” and “Unugki” and “Unug” are translated into “the abode of Nanna” but “Urim” means only “the abode”. Urim means something completely different in Hebrew, according to Masoretes:
"Thummim (תוּמִים) is widely considered to be derived from the consonantal root תתּוּמִים (t-m-m), meaning innocent,[1][2][3] while Urim (אוּרִים) has traditionally been taken to derive from a root meaning lights;[4] these derivations are reflected in the Neqqudot of the Masoretic Text.[3] In consequence, Urim and Thummim has traditionally been translated as lights and perfections (by Theodotion, for example), or, by taking the phrase allegorically, as meaning revelation and truth," - Source, Wikipedia/Urim_Thummim
"However, although at face value the words are plural, the context suggests they are pluralis intensivus - singular words which are pluralised to enhance their apparent majesty.[2] The singular forms - ur and tumm - have been connected by some early scholars with the Babylonian terms urtu and tamitu, meaning oracle and command, respectively." - Source, Wikipedia
The word for “Urim” or “Uri” probably means lights or fire. The Biblical name “Uriah” has the “Uri” prefix and in that name it means:
“masc. proper name, in Old Testament, the Hittite husband of Bathsheba; of non-Hebrew (possibly Horite) origin, but explained by folk etymology as Hebrew Uriyyah, literally "flame of the Lord."
I did not find “Thummim”. I found “thumb” and I found “Thym”, the latter which is closer to a meaning for divination:
"plant of the mint family, late 14c., from Old French thym, tym (13c.) and directly from Latin thymum, from Greek thymon, from PIE *dheu- (1), base of words meaning "to rise in a cloud" (see fume (n.)); thus thyme might be the plant "having a strong odor," or it might be related to thyein "burn as a sacrifice," which would indicate the plant was used as incense. Related: Thymic."
The closest meaning for what is described as being used in the Bible would be the Urim = “flame of the Lord” and Thymum = “to rise in a cloud”.
"And thou shalt put in the breastplate of judgment the Urim and the Thummim; and they shall be upon Aaron's heart, when he goeth in before the Lord: and Aaron shall bear the judgment of the children of Israel upon his heart before the Lord continually."
It says Aaron shall bear the judgment of Israel upon his heart before the Lord. The word “bear” is used in the same context as he that “bears my name” as Paul was called to do in Acts 9. The Lord showed him the things Paul would “suffer”. So Aaron “bearing” the judgment of Israel upon his heart means he would bear that burden, just as Jesus bore ours, but in perfection.
That is the first place it is mentioned in the Bible. There are a couple of verses where the "Urim" is mentioned by itself. The last place it is mentioned in the Bible is Nehemiah 7:65, the chapter before the "Book of the Law" is read to “those of understanding”:
"And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and Thummim."
In context, this verse “Tirshatha” means “a governor”. In this chapter of Nehemiah people coming out of the exile were being reckoned by genealogy whether they were of Israel. In context it reads:
"All the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants, were three hundred ninety and two. 61. And these were they which went up also from Telmelah, Telharesha, Cherub, Addon, and Immer: but they could not shew their father's house, nor their seed, whether they were of Israel.
62. The children of Delaiah, the children of Tobiah, the children of Nekoda, six hundred forty and two. 63. And of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz, the children of Barzillai, which took one of the daughters of Barzillai the Gileadite to wife, and was called after their name.
64. These sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy, but it was not found: therefore were they, as polluted, put from the priesthood. 65. And the Tirshatha said unto them, that they should not eat of the most holy things, till there stood up a priest with Urim and Thummim."
So in this context, those that could not be reckoned by house, seed or genealogy could NOT be counted as "of Israel" unless a priest stood for them with Urim and Thummin. This tells us that Urim and Thummin has something to do with the substance that makes them “Israel” or “of God”.
Isn't that interesting? And what did we find unique about the Urim and Thummim in relation to Ribonucleic Acid on "Unraveling the Garment"?
"Uracil /ˈjʊərəsɪl/ (U) is one of the four nucleobases in the nucleic acid of RNA that are represented by the letters A, G, C and U. The others are adenine (A), cytosine (C), and guanine (G). In RNA, uracil binds to adenine via two hydrogen bonds. In DNA, the uracil nucleobase is replaced by thymine. Uracil could be considered a demethylated form of thymine." – Source, Wikipedia.org/Uracil
"Uracil is a common and naturally occurring pyrimidine derivative.[2] The name "uracil" was coined in 1885 by the German chemist Robert Behrend, who was attempting to synthesize derivatives of uric acid.[3] Originally discovered in 1900 by Alberto Ascoli, it was isolated by hydrolysis of yeast nuclein;[4] it was also found in bovine thymus and spleen, herring sperm, and wheat germ.[5] It is a planar, unsaturated compound that has the ability to absorb light" - Source, Wikipedia.org/Uracil
"Studies reported in 2008, based on 12C/13C isotopic ratios of organic compounds found in the Murchison meteorite, suggested that uracil, xanthine and related molecules were formed extraterrestrially." – Source, Wikipedia.org/Uracil
So between DNA and RNA, we have in interesting relationship. In DNA, RNA’s “uracil” (can absorb light, Urim = flame of the Lord) is exchanged or changed into “Thymine” (Thummim/Thymum = rise in a cloud).
By the way, the “thymus” gland is a special gland of the immune system. It is where “T-cells” mature. The much attacked “tonsils” are also producers of T-cells.
The last place “Urim and Thummim” are mentioned is Nehemiah chapter 7. Oddly enough this is also when Aramaic (the language of the Jews) began to replace what was Hebrew, or what modern history is now calling Christian Syriac.
Since “Hebrew” is not mentioned in the Bible as a “language” (see search link here) in the Old Testament and is first mentioned in the Bible as a description of Abram/Abraham –
"And they took Lot, Abram's brother's son, who dwelt in Sodom, and his goods, and departed. 13. And there came one that had escaped, and told Abram the Hebrew; for he dwelt in the plain of Mamre the Amorite, brother of Eshcol, and brother of Aner: and these were confederate with Abram."
"The modern word "Hebrew" is derived from the word "Ibri" (plural "Ibrim"), one of several names for the Jewish people. It is traditionally understood to be an adjective based on the name of Abraham's supposed ancestor, Eber ("Ebr" עבר in Hebrew), mentioned in Genesis 10:21. This name is possibly based upon the root "ʕ-b-r" (עבר) meaning "to cross over". Interpretations of the term "ʕibrim" link it to this verb; cross over and homiletical or the people who crossed over the river Euphrates.[15]" – Source, Hebrew Etymology
Really? Jesus had several “names” for the Jewish leaders, but we’ve covered those already. They weren’t flattering but for the Jewish people as well as the rest of the tribes of Israel, Jesus was the utmost concerned.
There were no Jews in Abram’s time. There was no Isaac and no Jacob, at least not during Abraham’s time of being called “Abram”.
The common acceptance is that “Abraham” means “father of a multitude” and “Abram” means “high father”.
The prefix in the name “Abra” fitting both names is also the prefix in the Cabbalistic “magic” word “Abracadabra”:
"magical formula, 1690s, from Latin (Q. Severus Sammonicus, 2c.), from Late Greek Abraxas, cabalistic or gnostic name for the supreme god, and thus a word of power. It was written out in a triangle shape and worn around the neck to ward off sickness, etc. Another magical word, from a mid-15c. writing, was ananizapta."
Would “Ibri”, “Ibrim”, “Abram” and “Eber” all be related meaning the same or close to the same thing?
Qsar Ibrim in lower Egypt (Nubia) could have been named after or for Abram since he traveled to Egypt during the famine in Canaan. Qsar in Arabic means “castle” and Ibrim means “Hebrew”, named after the first Hebrew mentioned in the Bible, Abraham.
"Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness. 7. Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham. 8. And the scripture, foreseeing that God would justify the heathen through faith, preached before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, In thee shall all nations be blessed.
9. So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham. 10. For as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse: for it is written, Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them.
11. But that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident: for, The just shall live by faith. 12. And the law is not of faith: but, The man that doeth them shall live in them.
13. Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us: for it is written, Cursed is every one that hangeth on a tree: 14. That the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith."
The Spirit comes through faith. Those of faith the same are the children of Abraham. Christ was “made a curse” for us. Hold onto this thought.
"Brethren, I speak after the manner of men; Though it be but a man's covenant, yet if it be confirmed, no man disannulleth, or addeth thereto. 16. Now to Abraham and his seed were the promises made. He saith not, And to seeds, as of many; but as of one, And to thy seed, which is Christ.
17 And this I say, that the covenant, that was confirmed before of God in Christ, the law, which was four hundred and thirty years after, cannot disannul, that it should make the promise of none effect."
Can you see what this says? It is ONE SEED, not SEEDS. That seed is from verse seven above is Christ. It is of FAITH. The law, which came “four hundred and thirty years after” cannot replace or cancel it out!
That means ANY man telling you that an “oath” or a “covenant” in a ceremony must be made and confirmed by men to an organization or institution is KILLING YOU spiritually. They are shutting you out of the kingdom of heaven! That includes the wonderful world of “Mormonism”!
“Brothers and sisters, let me take an example from everyday life. Just as no one can set aside or add to a human covenant that has been duly established, so it is in this case. 16 The promises were spoken to Abraham and to his seed. Scripture does not say “and to seeds,” meaning many people, but “and to your seed,”[a] meaning one person, who is Christ.
17 What I mean is this: The law, introduced 430 years later, does not set aside the covenant previously established by God and thus do away with the promise."
"There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus. 29. And if ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise."
We had covered the connections to the Christian Syriac and the Jewish assertion that the Ktav Ashuri was the “ancient” sacred language which “slowly became more popular” and the Ktav Ivri was the “common” ancient language only in use now by Syrians on “Exposing the Word”.
"Although the general consensus in the Talmud is that the Torah was given in Ktav Ashuri, there are some opinions that the Ten Commandments were written in Ktav Ivri. The minority opinion seems to have won out in Hollywood, since the tablets Charlton Heston holds up in the 1956 movie The Ten Commandments are written in - you guessed it - Ktav Ivri.
The Dead Sea Scrolls, however, support the Talmudic conclusion that Ktav Ashuri was a holy script, reserved for scholarly writings and thatKtav Ivri was the more popular script for mundane purposes. It appears to be derived from the Phoenician script, to which it is very similar. After the Babylonian exile, however, Ktav Ashuri slowly became more popular, eventually replacing Ktav Ivri, except among the Samaritans, who continue to use the script to this day. – Source, Jerusalem-insiders-guide.com
We also suggested that this “version” of the language progression was falsified or at least “garbled” to cover their changing of the language.
We also learned that the “ktav ashuri” was a term first used in the “Mishna” in the Babylonian Talmud, which lends doubts as to the “age” of the form of Hebrew they say was used by Abraham through Moses.
"Ashuri alphabet (Hebrew: אָלֶף־בֵּית אַשּׁוּרִי‎, álef-bet ashurí) means Assyrian alphabet and also refers to the Assyrian script (Hebrew: כְּתָב אַשּׁוּרִי‎, ktav ashurí) which is the name for a traditional calligraphic form of the Aramaic alphabet, and a term that was first used in the Mishnah to refer to either the Aramaic alphabet or the formal script used in certain Jewish ceremonial items, including Sefer Torah, Mezuzah, Tefillin also abbreviated as STA"M[1] (Hebrew: סת"ם‎). It is also referred to as the "square" script. This is the Aramaic script that replaced the original ancient Hebrew alphabet, becoming the modern Hebrew alphabet." - Source,Wikipedia
And the origins of the word “Hebrew” which first use in the Bible was to describe Abraham, means to “cross over” (remember “cross over Jordan” in the article “Jericho”).
"The origin of the term remains uncertain.[9] The biblical word Ivri (Hebrew: עברי), meaning to traverse or pass over, is usually rendered as Hebrew in English, from the ancient Greek Ἑβραῖος and Latin Hebraeus. In the plural it is Ivrim, or Ibrim.
In Genesis 10:21 Shem, the elder brother of Ham and Japheth, first-born son of Noah, is referred to as the father of the sons of Eber (עבר), which may have a similar meaning." - Source, Wikipedia
Distinction is made between the “language of the Jews” and the “Syrian language” in the King James Bible:
“Then said Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna, and Joah, unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray thee, to thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and talk not with us in the Jews' language in the ears of the people that are on the wall."
“Then said Eliakim and Shebna and Joah unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray thee, unto thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand it: and speak not to us in the Jews' language, in the ears of the people that are on the wall."
There is a reason things are repeated in the Bible. The events in 2 Kings 18 are briefly reviewed in Isaiah 36. This phrase word for word says in part “in the Syrian language for we understand it, and speak not to us in the Jews language . . .”
It doesn’t say “Hebrew language”. In the New Testament there are five references to word meanings in “Hebrew” in the time of Christ between Luke and John. In Revelation there are two more references to “Hebrew tongue” for meaning of Abaddon and Armaggedon . Rabshakeh doesn’t oblige this request. He instead speaks his threat in the Jews language which means the Syrians also understood the Jews language.
Was the “language of the Jews” and the “Hebrew tongue” different? Why did Eliakim ask Rabshakeh to speak in the “Syrian language” and not the “Jews language”? Why didn’t he ask them to speak in the “Hebrew language”? It existed, did it not?
Eliakim is the birth name of King Jehoiakim. King Jehoiakim was from the line if Judah. He is in the list of Kings under David, fourteen generations down. So if he was a “Jew” why would he say “speak not to us in the Jews language” as if he were apart from them? Why would he request the Syrian language?
Again, things are repeated in the Bible for OUR BENEFIT. Emphasis is placed on this request and the way it is worded BOTH TIMES. In this instance, the “Syrian language” and the “Jews’ language” are paired up in two different Bible verses in two different books discussing the same event.
Why was Aleppo, Syria the place of the opening of the latest war over there? Why is Syria and Iraq the area chosen by “ISIS” for hostilities? These are the same “territories” where “Syriac Christian” populations are located. Aleppo is the city named after the Semitic “Aleph/Alaph”. It is also the city where the Aleppo Codex-bearing, Karaite Jews were protected (non-Talmud Jews), and which now have seemingly been “translated” by the press and the powers that own them into “Kharijites” of the “ISIS” (See “Syria’s Secret”).
"Earlier Biblical Hebrew possessed three consonants which did not have their own letters in the writing system, but over time they merged with other consonants. The stop consonants developed fricative allophones under the influence of Aramaic, and these sounds eventually became marginally phonemic. The pharyngeal and glottal phonemes underwent weakening in some regional dialects, as reflected in the modern Samaritan Hebrew reading tradition. The vowel system of Biblical Hebrew changed dramatically over time and is reflected differently in the ancient Greek and Latin transcriptions, medieval vocalization systems, and modern reading traditions."
Note that they say the “earlier Biblical Hebrew possessed three consonants” which did not have their own letters in the writing, Syriac has three vowels as does Modern Hebrew. Hebrew is the fifth language generation under Semitic.
Did the “true Hebrew” language become the “Syriac” or something similar when the Jews re-invented a language during the exile which they called “Hebrew”?
It is clear in the Bible that the “Jews language” was not the same as the “Hebrew tongue”, and Nehemiah wanted us to know it.
Scroll further down on the “Biblical Hebrew” link and you will find reference to “the sacred language”. This is what it tells you:
"Leshon Hakodesh (Hebrew: לשון הקודש‎; lit. "the sacred language" or "the holy language" or "the Holy Tongue") is a Jewish term and appellation attributed to the Hebrew language, in which its religious text was written, and served, during the Medieval Hebrew era, for religious purposes, liturgy and Halakha - in contrary to the secular tongue, which served for the routine daily needs, such as the Yiddish language. – Source, Wikipedia/Leshon_Hakodesh
"The following may be recited in any language: The Torah-portion of 'Sotah', the confession made at the presentation of the tithe, the 'Shema', and the 'Prayer' …
The following are recited in the Holy Tongue: The declaration made at the 'First Fruits', the formula of 'Halizah', the blessings and curses, the benediction of the high priests …"
The “blessings and the curses” is also attributed to the “Urim and Thummim” as one of the possible “meanings” of those two words.
"In its narrow sense, Leshon Hakodesh refers not to the Hebrew language in its entirety, but rather to the Biblical Hebrew only. In its broader sense, it was used for combining Hebrew and Talmudic-Aramaic within the Rabbinic Hebrew, which served the purpose of writing the Jewish classical texts of the Middle Ages and the Early modern period.
The exact meaning of the phrase "Leshon Hakodesh" becomes clear due to its contrary term. In the Mishnah and the Talmud the term was aimed to take out the foreign languages that were commonly spoken among the Jewish communities:
Here the Syrian language is also mentioned . . . twice, as it is against the “Jews language” in 2 Kings 18 and in Isaiah 36. According to their Babylonian Talmud the “Babylonian language is akin to the Leshon Hakodesh”.
"But woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men: for ye neither go in yourselves, neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in."
"Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness."
The trouble one would have in showing those corrupted by the spirit of a false church the truth comes not from ignorance or even obstinence, but because they have been blinded spiritually.
44. Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it. 45. And because I tell you the truth, ye believe me not."
So the Jewish leaders in Jesus’ time, who did not want the people to know the truth of the Gospel, because it undermined their power, did what power-greedy leaders do -
"And the Pharisees went forth, and straightway took counsel with the Herodians against him, how they might destroy him."
They sought to destroy Christ . . . and they believed his crucifixion/death did just that, but he arose and so did many of the saints who laid in graves and appeared to many people. So to this day they still seek to destroy him.
"And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth. 15. John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom I spake, He that cometh after me is preferred before me: for he was before me.
16. And of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace. 17. For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ."
Jesus was the Word made flesh. They were seeking to destroy the Word made flesh. They were seeking to destroy “The Word” because –
"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. 2. The same was in the beginning with God.
3. All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made. 4. In him was life; and the life was the light of men."
"And the Lord said unto me, A conspiracy is found among the men of Judah, and among the inhabitants of Jerusalem."
"Yet Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee."
What did Michael resist accusing the devil of doing with Moses Body? What did the devil WANT with Moses body?
"Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father: there is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in whom ye trust."
Michael did not accuse them to the Lord. Jesus did not accuse them to the Lord. But Jesus knew what they were going to do:
"Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves."
The Name of God has been profaned. God has allowed them to do as they will because this is what will mark them.
There are those organizations who advocate these false teachings that salvation comes through anything other or in addition to repenting of sins and believing on Christ. Everlasting life does not come by an oath to other men. No man, be he a prophet or a religious leader can get you into heaven.
There are no ceremonies needed to be saved or to be called by God. And there are no church organizations that can assure you heaven – no not one.
It is between you and God, and the only way to God is through Christ. Please understand how much he has endured just because he loves you. Understand what is at stake here. It is not flesh and blood. That will cease no matter what you do.
What makes you, you is inside you. It is God given. It has been disconnected from God. Jesus died so this substance can be restored – The Word within which created everything. The covenant began with Abraham in the language of Abraham the Hebrew – Ibrim (crossed over). The covenant is fulfilled through Christ, to you.
Because of Abraham’s faith and Jesus’ sacrifice you can inherit Israel. But you have to willingly confess it and accept it. Pray to God in Jesus’ name. Put your heart on the line. The Book of life of the lamb is where the names of the saved are written – Christ in you, you in Christ.
We are living in Biblically significant Times. Ironically it was the most persecuted man in modern history that lead me to dig deeper into the Bible and taught me more about God than any other human being on the planet. And that man is Michael Jackson. I started a blog to defend him. I ended up researching him and learned just why they were after him. They did everything they could to shut him down. In the song "Cry" he said "take over for me", so that is what I am doing. God bless that man and his faith and strength
"Like the Bible says. A child should be leader of them all, and to be led by that kind of innocence. Didn't Jesus say 'bring on the children?' Be like the children. Not childish, but child-like. That kind of innocence."
"Children show me in their playful smiles the divine in everyone. This simple goodness shines straight from their hearts and only asks to be lived." Michael Jackson Oprah Winfrey Interview
"I avoid using the term 'religion', because many people say 'my religion' this and 'my religion' that. Why should it be 'my' religion? I just believe what’s in the Bible with regard to which religion is involved. I simply believe.... I believe in it and I get down on my knees every night and thank God and ask Him to lead the way."
Copyright disclaimer; Under section 107 of the copyright act of 1976 allowance is made for “fair use” for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship research, etc. This site may contain copyrighted material
the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. It is used solely for the purpose of private study and research which constitutes 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law.
that might otherwise be infringing. Non profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favor of “fair use.” The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have interest in receiving the included information for their own research and study.
“And it came even pass, as the trumpeters and singers were as one, to make one sound to be heard, in praising and thanking the Lord; and when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals and instruments of musick, and praised the Lord, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth forever: that then the house was filled with a cloud, even the house of the Lord.”
“The oversear also of the Levites at Jerusalem was Uzzi the son of Bani, the son of Hashabia, the son of Mattaniah, the son of Micha. Of the sons of Asaph, the singers were over the business of the house of God.”
“And without the inner gate were the chambers of the singers in the inner court, which was at the side of the North gate; and their prospect was toward the south: one at the side of the east gate having the prospect toward the north.”
Music. It is the most powerfully influencing medium in the spectrum of the physical senses. Unlike other mediums in a creative hand, Music leaves footprints on your DNA, engraved into the stones of that house by the vibration of its sound.
Music like any other medium can be used for good or for bad; and like letters in a book, the notes of a song work healing or destruction.
The verses above are just a few in the Bible that reveal just how important the makers of sound were to the building, cleansing or healing of the house (the temple of the body). Even the reference to God singing over those he loves is recorded in scripture:
“The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy over thee with singing.”
“Now therefore write ye this song for you, and teach it the children of Israel: put it in their mouths, that this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel.”
This “song” that Moses was to teach them and put in their mouths is for the very similar purpose with which the Book of the Law was written, for the “Book” and the “Song” are the same:
“Take this book of the law, and put it in the side of the ark of the covenant of the Lord your God, that it may be there for a witness against thee.”
Jesus is the Word, in the beginning with God and the Word is God and this Word was made flesh. In His Ark was the book of the law placed, in the side of to be a witness against us; and Jesus was pierced in his side. Blood and water flowed from his side witnessed by the centurion. The Spirit the blood and the water bear witness IN the earth and agree as one.
Jesus IS the song that the Israelites were taught; and he is the song that the 144,000 will sing, because that song is within them. It is the sound of the letters of the One Word which fulfills all the law. And the 144,000 are the elect that are “Called by My Name”, said the Lord in 2 Chronicles 7:14, Daniel 9:19 and Revelation 14:1 and 22:4.
The musicians of the temple (of the body) are the members of the band, and Jesus is the leader of the band.
Over a year ago, we discovered a “key” in “Rhythm Nation 1814”. It was a publishing of songs produced by the sister of the man child. She wore a key on a ring in her ear. She had “1814” on her military style outfit which she wore in performance. The explanation was that they used “1814” as the year Francis Scott Key wrote “the Star Spangled Banner”, which was actually a change of lyrics from the melody used for the Anacreonic Song (“To Anacreon in Heaven”). That song sported the lyrics “I will teach to entwine, the myrtle of Venus and Bachus’ Vine” (DNA).
But as it might have drawn attention to the old Lawyers Secret Society song, it was the “keys” that were most important. And we learned that the keys on the lyrics of the first line of Francis Scott Key’s song “can you see”, were the same notes as the “A, B, C” in the Jackson Song of the same name.
The “Key of David” is mentioned in both Isaiah 22:22 and Revelation 3:7. Both of these verses refer to the same “he who overcomes”. We know this to be true because Jesus, the “Word made flesh” who was “in the beginning with God” and “was God” in John 1:1-3. Jesus being “God with us” is the one who gives the “morning star” to he who overcomes, and the power over the nations to “break into shivers the vessels of the potter, as my Father gave me” in Revelation 2:26-28.
In Revelation 3:7-13, John is told to write this to the angel of the church of Philadelphia. Jesus tells him to write the things saith he that has the key of David, and that openeth no man shutteth; and who shutteth no man openeth: that he who overcomes will he make a pillar in his temple. He will “write upon him the name of my God, the city of my God which is new Jerusalem”, and will “write upon him my new name”. This is the name by which we are called.
“And the key of the House of David will I lay upon his shoulder; so he shall open, and none shall shut; and he shall shut, and none shall open. And I will fasten him as a nail in a sure place; and he shall be for a glorious throne to his father’s house.”
God will fasten him as a nail: The letter representing the “nail” or “peg” and means “becoming bound to” is the letter Vav/Waw in the Modern Hebrew. This is the number that looks like a “seven” (7), but represents the number six (6). This was alluded to in the song “Blood on the Dance Floor” in the lines “Susie’s got your number, she stuck seven inches in”.
Remember this as we get through this article. Jesus was “made to be sin, who knew no sin” – 2 Corinthians 5:21.
“And they shall hang upon him all the glory of his father’s house, the offspring and the issue, all vessels of small quantity, from the vessels of cups, even to all the vessels of flagons. In that day, saith the Lord of hosts, shall the nail that is fastened in the sure place be removed, and be cut down, and fall; and the burden that was upon it shall be cut off: for the Lord hath spoken it.”
“The glory of his father’s house”, reminiscent of the prophecy of Joseph in Genesis 49:22-26”. If you look up toward verses 20-22, the Lord tells Isaiah to tell the children of Israel that this “key of David” is given to his servant “Eliakim”. Jesus was not of Eliakim. Who’s branch is in the hand of Eliakim? Remember in Ezekiel 37:16-19, this was the branch of Joseph which will be made one with Judah and his brethren in the hand of the Lord.
He will be clothed with their robe (Joseph) and will commit the government to his hand. “The government shall be upon his shoulder” appears in Isaiah 9:6 – “For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counselor, the mighty God, The Everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.”
The “nail” that is “fastened in a sure place” will be “cut off” and “fall” as is the sanctuary of strength of the Prince of the Covenant, which is Michael in the prophecies of Daniel. This “sanctuary” is that which Paul said in Hebrews 9:1-8 would not be standing when the way into the holiest of all was made manifest.
This further witnesses that Jesus and Michael are the same, and the “angel” upon whom the “Name” is given, as prophesied in Exodus 23:20-22 (“beware of him and obey his voice, provoke him not, for he will not pardon your transgressions: for My Name is in Him.”)
What this has to do with “keys” includes the “Key of David”, the “Key of Knowledge”, the “Keys to the kingdom” and the “keys to hell and death” and the “key of the bottomless pit” is this; there are seven angels of the seven churches. There are seven lamps through which the golden pipes take their golden oil from the bowl atop the candlestick; from which the two pipes empty the golden oil out of the two olive branches, which all are the “Word of the Lord to Zerubabel” in Zechariah 4.
These olive branches are the two anointed witnesses in Revelation 11 which are the Angel who visited Daniel, and Michael: who is the “only one who stands with me in these things” in Daniel 10:20-21. There are seven eyes upon the one stone set before Joshua in Zechariah 3:8-9, and “he that sanctifieth, and they who are sanctified are all of one” in Hebrews 2:11.
“Cursed be the man that maketh any graven or molten image, an abomination unto the Lord, the work of the hands of the craftsmen, and putteth it in a secret place. And all the people shall answer and say, Amen.”
The first appearance of the word “craftsmen” is this verse. It is also the second passage in the scripture in which the word “Amen” first appears: Amen (Emet = Truth, remove the Aleph and men (“met” = dead).
The song “To Anacreon in Heaven” is the theme song of those craftsmen, entwining one seed into another. From “Morals and Dogma”, Albert Pike:
"Therein is the secret fire, living and philosophical, of which all the Hermetic philosophers speak with the most mysterious reserve: the Universal Seed, the secret whereof they kept, and which they represented only under the figure of the Caduceus of Hermes. This is the grand Hermetic arcanum.... So that the Great Work is more than a chemical operation; it is a real creation of the human word initiated into the power of the Word of God." - Morals and Dogma, Albert Pike, p 501-502.
“More than a chemical operation” (The DNA is not living in itself, it is chemicals wrapped around a “rod”. Aaron’s rod budded. The “life of the flesh is in the blood”. DNA has two languages, one written on top of the other. The true God is the Life in the form. What is written in the letter can be changed but God does not change.)
Albert Pike’s cryptic reference to the “Great Work” is the very same of which the Lord admonished their leader “King Hiram” in Ezekiel 28. Hiram first appears as a “craftsman” and the king over the craftsmen in the story of David and Solomon’s building of a sanctuary, beginning in 2 Samuel 5:11 through 2 Chronicles 2:11. Above, Pike describes this “Great Work” as “more than a chemical operation”; and as “a real creation of the human word initiated into the power of the Word of God”.
Further tying this to Judaism’s secret Babylonian core and the “conspiracy among the men of Judah” is the decree in the Babylonian Talmud to “wipe out” the “name of Yashu” [Jesus] “forever”. It is the same “science” they have been trying to accomplish to replace the “Name” or turn it into that of “name of man” to empower themselves since the Garden.
Both the Freemasons and the Mormons use the King James Bible, and Dan Brown in his “allegory” of the “Da Vinci Code” reveals why:
“The reason…is that there exist powerful secrets hidden in the pages of this ancient book [the Bible]… a vast collection of untapped wisdom waiting to be unveiled.” – “The Lost Symbol”, Dan Brown, p. 489.
On the Masonic Library of copy of Henry Melville’s “The Ignorant Learned” can be accessed for now, where this quote appears on page 15-16:
"The great Masonic truths, concealed among the learned of former ages under allegories and fables, are therefore lost - long long lost! But what is lost is not consequently destroyed - what is lost may be found, and all that is required is some clue or key. Fortunately there are applicable keys, held sacred by a body of men who know not their use, and the locks these keys fit are held sacred by all modern clergy, and the multitude of religionists. The first and best evidence of the truthfulness of the keys is their being used to interpret the Bible - that heavenly book of truth." – Source, The Ignorant Learned, p. 15-16 via masoniclibrary.com.
The “heavenly book of truth” is why both Masons and Mormons carry this book to even as their doctrine and practices contradict it’s teachings. They are ALL looking for “It”. They all want to possess “It”. They had stalked the man child for this reason. They stalk the woman who brings him forth for this reason.
The “search for Adam” which we discovered through the possible “late” John Todd was on by order of the Rothschilds. This alone should tell you that what they were looking for, they couldn’t “create him” themselves. They were looking for it in a man.
Between 1970 to 1972, John Todd said his organization received a group of letters and instruction. The sixth letter he said, stated that they had “found Adam”. A couple of years after this I learned that one of the three ministers left defending this man was someone who had begun assisting John Todd in producing Tapes to send out to warn people in the churches. One of them was the man who Baptized me and was the pastor of my church, Tom Berry.
That “Adam” they had found was Michael, the man child. He was probably between eleven and twelve years old when they were sure of him. He and his brothers were a singing group in the music industry, of which John Todd at that time oversaw the back end dealings of the concert promoters (Zodiak Records).
The publishing of “The Ignorant Learned” further revealed what the occult societies and new age mystics have concealed: That they believed that the secret to attaining godhood and immortality is found in Genesis 6.
What they consistently neglect to mention, but know in themselves is that even though they were successful in oppressing common man through deceit, trickery, sorcery and knowledge of the way we are built, they still did not have the throne. This was Lucifer’s goal even into the temptation of Christ. Eve granted it to him because she was deceived. Adam granted it through Eve and the sword and the cherubim were set against man.
The published account that the Freemason secret is to bring the angelic realm back to “earth” to again “mingle their seed with the seed of men” (prophesied in Daniel 2:43). However; they know the end to this. They aren’t interested in “earth” or control of mankind, for as Jesus revealed of the “prince of this world” in John 12, 14 and 16; and Paul revealed the “god of this world” in 2 Corinthians 4:4; their only interest in the flesh is that it is used against us. What they really want is within; and the enmity was set for that reason.
Daniel 2:43 prophesies that “they will seek to mingle their seed with the seed of men: but they shall not cleave one to another, even as iron is not mixed with clay.”
Do you remember when Paul revealed that the “kingdom of God is within you”? Or that Zion’s king is within her? This is why they seek to mingle their seed: and specifically, the man child. As Jesus said in Revelation 2:26-28, “he who overcomes” he will “give him the morning star”.
The land that the princes of this world have fought over, is us: the “earth”, “dirt”, “clay”, “house for the name of the Lord”, which Michael is. When the man child is caught up to God and to his throne, the dragon follows after him to devour his soul. He and his angels do not make it very far.
What the Masons know about the “Book of the Law”, and the “letters” within that law were once the responsibility of Judah. But the law was made for man, because man sinned. It is the “covering” of “skins” that God made to cover them after they had transgressed the law by taking of the fruit of the forbidden tree. Adam could no longer pass back and forth between the kingdom and the vessel. The garden is within us as is the sword and the shield which guard it. The word “Adam” comes from “Adamah” for “ground, dirt, the earth”.
They have been able to rule over men with this knowledge. They have been able to oppress and poison and dicker with the “words” of the law. But they needed something from Michael that God gave him. And they stalked the daughter of Zion because she has the lock to a key they have. At least that is what they profess: it is not though, as they are turned around.
The daughter of Zion knows that Jesus had already defeated him. All she has to do is believe the things God showed her through “The Word”. Faith is the shield.
Allegories are written to express a truth in a culturally relevant way or to hide a truth in plain sight. When I received instruction to look at the vowel points I had also at the same time received a suggestion over several days to take another look at the original Hebrew Aleph and Tav.
The earliest “Hebrew” you can find online sometimes labeled “Paleo Hebrew” or even “Phoenician” reflects an Aleph that looks like an Ox Head with horns, a Vav that looks like the upright Y (with rounded instead of straight arms), a “Shin” that looks like a “W”, and a Tau that looks like an X.
Interestingly, the “shin” that is displayed on either side of the Telfillin worn on the heads of Jewish scribes and rabbi’s sport the three pronged shin on one side and the four pronged shin on the other. Could this reflect the relationship between the “W” and the “X” (three prong and four prong)?
The forms of the Vav, the Tau and the Shin/Sigma have during their history been interchanged with each other. The Tau of course, is scripturally accused of profaning the form of the Aleph in Romans 1:25 and Psalm 106:19-20.
As vowel points go, the Sigma(Shin) also shares the “sound” of the “Tau” in the same way that the Vav shares a sound with the Beit:
The shape and alphabetic position of sigma is derived from Phoenician shin 𐤔 Phoenician sin.svg." - Source, Wikipedia
The “cross” (Tau) is associated with “burden” and the “curse” in scripture. The first “mark” is set upon Cain after he killed his brother Abel and tried to hide it in Genesis 4:15. Job 7:20 sees Job lamenting that God had “set me as a mark against thee, so that I am a burden to myself.”
In Ezekiel 9, The Lord tells the man dressed in linen with the inkhorn to “mark” upon the foreheads those who sigh and cry for the abominations that are done in the midst, and to “begin at my sanctuary”. In Romans, Paul says to “mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine they had learned of Christ; and of course the “mark of the beast” spoken of in Revelation 13 and Revelation 17.
Is one mark different from another? In Revelation 7 the “servants of God” are “sealed” on their forehead, but this is described as a “mark” in Ezekiel 9.
The Masoretes were the ones claiming responsibility for constructing the vowel points for the sounding of the consonants in the Modern Hebrew. And I was sent on this search. This is where the “sigma/shin/sin” and the “tau/taw” were introduced to each other as “one”.
I was sent a suggestion that said simply “The Seven Vowels”. The English language has five vowels. Semitic languages have between three and five, or so I thought. I did a search on them. The first thing to show up was an “essay” written by Lucian of Samosata called “The Court of the Seven Vowels”.
"Men weep, and bewail their lot, and curse Cadmus with many curses for introducing Tau into the family of letters; they say it was his body that tyrants took for a model, his shape that they imitated, when they set up structures on which men are crucified. Stauros (cross) the vile engine is called, and it derives its vile name from him. Now, with all these crimes upon him, does he not deserve death, nay, many deaths? For my part I know none bad enough but that supplied by his own shape — that shape which he gave to the gibbet named stauros after him by men" - Source, Wikipedia
Stauros, Greek for cross, but also originally meaning “stake, pole”. The word “steer” comes from this word; and the words “Star, Tauro, tora and tau are in this word. A “gibbet” is a structure like a gallows or two-plank cross from which men are hung. It is also, as he cryptically suggests, a “shape” within us, a “mark”.
The “sigma” and “tau” begin the word, and the “essay” by Lucian suggests that the “Tau” is a rather “new” letter. The name also suggests the merging of “Sigma” (Shin/sin) with Tau. The “cross” they name is “Stauros” after his “shape”, using this shape to “set up structures” on which “men are crucified”.
Becareful. There are many false teachings concerning this word “Stauros”. The very name of the letter “Tau” means “cross/mark/burden” The word “tau” is in “Stauros” as is the word “Tauro” (bull/steer/ox). Jesus was hung on a cross, and the “cross” was the figure of the abomination: the “cross” he would bear for us.
It is the “form” which is marred more than the sons of men by he who withholds until he is taken out of the way.
“And I looked, and, behold, a whirlwind came out of the north, a great cloud, and a fire infolding itself, and a brightness was about it, and out of the midst thereof as the color of amber, out of the midst of the fire. Also out of the midst thereof came the likeness of four living creatures. And this was their appearance; they had the likeness of a man. And every one had four faces, and every one had four wings.
10, As for the likeness of their faces, they four had the face of a man, and the face of a lion, on the right side: and they four had the face of an ox, on the left side; and they four also had the face of an eagle.”
“And every one had four faces: the first face was the face of a cherub, and the second was the face of a man, and the third was the face of a lion, and the fourth the face of an eagle.
This is the living creature that I saw under the God of Israel by the river of Chebar; and I knew that they were the cherubims. Every one had four faces apiece, and every one four wings; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings. And the likeness of their faces was the same faces which I saw by the river of Chebar.”
“And the first beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a calf, and the third beast had a face as a man, and the fourth beast was like a flying eagle. And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him; and they were full of eyes within: and they rest not day and night, saying, holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which was, and is, and is to come.”
What do the four beasts represent? The “four corners of the altar”? Do they represent the four horns on the altar, or knots tied in the sheets at the four corners? Do they represent the thalamus or the hypocampus? Do they represent the any of the letters?
The “Great Assembly” called “Knesset” (Meskhenet which created “ka”), which we learned bout in “The Second Veil” is mentioned again in record of the subject of the compilation of the “Tanakh”. “Tanakh/Tenak” we covered before. It is the key word “Anak” (Sons of Anak, Anunaki/fallen ones) with the Tau in front of it. The threat to this false Hebrew “Old Testament” “codification” is the missing pages of the Aleppo Codex. This is why they cannot afford for these missing pages to suddenly “turn up”.
"There is no scholarly consensus as to when the Hebrew Bible canon was fixed: some scholars argue that it was fixed by the Hasmonean dynasty,[4] while others argue it was not fixed until the second century CE or even later.[5]
According to the Talmud, much of the Tanakh was compiled by the men of the Great Assembly (Anshei K'nesset HaGedolah), a task completed in 450 BCE, and it has remained unchanged ever since.[6]" - Source, Wikipedia
According to the Talmud, the Old Testament was compiled before the prophets even had completed writing their books. Esther, Ezra, Malachi and Nehemiah had historically not been written yet, or completed. The “Tanakh” and the “Babylonian Talmud” have apparently been completed at the same time. The Book of “Tau-Anak” (Tanakh), they claim, has been unchanged every since. This would have to be untrue if those other prophet’s books didn’t yet exist.
The Masoretic texts (M+esoteric) are the source of most of the bastardization of what is being promoted as the Hebrew Bible. They controlled the language and interpretation of most Bible translations, but they have no control over the “Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost” who “shall teach you all things”. Sooner or later the truth was going to see the light of day.
"The original writing system of the Hebrew text was an abjad: consonants written with some applied vowel letters ("matres lectionis"). During the early Middle Ages scholars known as the Masoretes created a single formalized system of vocalization." - Source, Wikipedia
“Matres Lectionis” means “mothers of reading” in Latin. It is a name given the way certain consonants are used to indicate a vowel. Here is where it gets interesting.
"The letters that do this in Hebrew are א‎ aleph, ה‎ he, ו‎ waw (or vav) and י‎ yod (or yud). The yod and waw in particular are more often vowels than they are consonants." - Source, Wikipedia.com
Do you see this? All four of these “consonants” that are used as “vowels” are those used in the Tetragrammaton for “the Name of God” whether you believe the “Y” is the “Yod” or the “Aleph”. Let’s look at the “Beit” again:
The “Beit” without the “point” is “vah”, same as the “vav”. Remember the “YHVH” we are given are only the letters THEY SAY are “Hebrew” translated into English.
The four faces in both Ezekiel and Revelation are that of an Ox (Tau), a man (Vav), a lion (?), and an eagle (?). In Ezekiel 10:14 the face of the Ox is exchanged for the face of a “Cherub”. Cherub means “winged beast” or “hybrid”. The closest letter to “cherub” or “winged beast” is the Kaph, which is similar on both form and meaning in the modern Babylonian Aramaic Hebrew. But the “beast” or the “Ox” is represented by the Tau, and the “truth of God” which they changed “into a lie” of the Romans 1:25 verse.
I am standing on a street in a small town in front of what looks to be a closed up store front. I am contemplating taking possession of the building. The windows are long and narrow, with four panes: two above and two below.
I am taken into the building which is rather clean and in good repair. Everything was refurbished on the inside, but it was rather awkward going from room to room.
Instead of a hallway or stairs to get to each room, I had to slide myself up what was much like a winding slide. The slide was made of very smooth, dark-finished wood. I would scoot myself upward and swing my legs over into the room I wanted to inspect, then get back out on the side to scoot upward or downward. The rooms were airy and clean, but I thought to myself, how am I to get into and out of these rooms conveniently on this spiral slide?
I understood the spiral, and the rooms off the spiral. I even understood the sliding to and from each room, but I don’t know what I am supposed to take from this dream other than perhaps my “house” would be “cleaned”.
I am walking down a country road and it was night time. There were woods on either side of me. As I came to a clearing on my right I noticed that it was someone’s yard. There was a large house of modest Victorian trim and I understood that I was to rest there for the night. But the house was dark.
I walked through the yard unafraid. I approached then ascended the porch stairs and entered the house which was unlocked. There were not lights inside but it was lived in.
I moved directly up the stairs to the second floor. I looked in one bedroom door and a woman of unknown age was sleeping alone. Her back was to me. I backed out of the room and continued down the hall.
The next room I entered was a child’s room. A girl of perhaps grade school age was sleeping. The moonlight from outside shone on her faned out hair. Not wanting to wake her, I went quietly to the next room.
In there was a little boy with darker hair than his sister. He was younger but not by much. He also probably attended school. I left the room.
The only bedroom left had an empty bed. I stealthily moved to the bed, pulled down the covers and fell fast asleep. I was unconcerned about possible protests to my being there.
I opened my eyes to find a woman of approximately forty to forty five years of age, and her two children staring at me from the doorway. I slowly moved to an upright position as the little boy said “is she staying?”
I rubbed my eyes and softly said, “I am sorry. I was tired and I didn’t want to wake anyone. I was told I could rest here”.
The woman was heavier set with plump hands and face. Her hair was short and light brown, curly. Her eyes were wide and a grayish blue, bordering on protruding. I said to her, “I’ll go”.
As I said this, she came immediately into the room and sat beside me on the bed. She was crying. She grabbed my right hand in both of hers as she sat close to me. She said “Oh thank God, I am so glad I have someone to talk to!” She became splotchy around her eyes from emotion, as she continued, “I have been praying and praying that I will finally get out of these four walls!” As she said this, she was patting my hand.
I awoke to the knowledge that I was silently praying and thanking God for sending me to be a comfort to this woman.
I could still feel that woman’s hand in mine when I woke up. It took me a few minutes to understand that I was not still holding it. That’s how real this was. I could still feel the flesh of her hand, the heat of it and the soft fleshiness of it. I felt as if I had really been somewhere else while I was sleeping.
There were many of us in a single room and we were studying the scriptures. We were all women with some men there, but mostly women. The room was like a small apartment or much like the Sunday School classrooms churches use for classes before the services in the mornings. Even with this, I felt as though this were someone’s living quarters and not a classroom.
As we were in mid discussion when I was dropped into the dream, there was an excessively firm three or four knocks on the door.
I was the one who opened the door and as I did, a man of Middle Eastern nationality shoved his way into the room. He brought in with him a white board, such as one would use to either do Amway presentations or a professor would use to teach class.
The man seemed very angry and forceful. He was eye level with me. He had a dark mop of curly hair, heavy but shapely eyebrows and big dark eyes lined with thick lashes. He was brown skinned and had a hint of beard shadow framing his chin and jaw.
I could feel the alarm in the room, but as long as he was armed with a whiteboard and not anything sharp I was willing to listen.
He said to me again with an angry urgency in his eyes, “You listen now to me, I must tell you about Allah! Allah God!”
Suddenly I knew what to say, even though I didn’t know what I was GOING to say. But I reached out and touched his forearm, not in the least concerned with his beliefs on women in ministry, and I said to him, “Oh, do you know about God?”
His face was hard to describe. I thought he was going to cry. The anger left his face and the fear disappeared to only a trace mixed with a pleading. For a moment I thought I heard the words “help” but I didn’t. I could FEEL the word from him.
The feeling was that he was sent here for a reason. He was supposed to be there. I had no fear only compassion, because he could feel it too. I said to him, “You know who God is? Do you know what he is?” I looked into his eyes, “He’s within you” . . .
Both of these dreams were telling me something. For you who are called by the Word, it is time for teaching. I can’t do this by myself, none of us are meant to.
You know what “the Word” is that fulfills the law. You know now that the Word and “The Name” are the same.
You were called by His Name, which is The Word of God: the “one Word” which “fulfills all the law”, and by which we cry “Abba, Father” through the Spirit of adoption, the “Spirit of His son”, through which the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, is sent to teach us all things.
You have been made knowledgeable concerning the prophecies of Daniel. You know whose sanctuary has been polluted and cast down and you know why.
You have learned of the abomination that has been placed, what it is and in whom it was placed for the overspreading of it.
You know who was taken out of the way, caught up to God and to his throne, so that evil is revealed: you know who and how he was made a curse for us, to redeem us from the curse of the law.
You know Jesus spoke of the prophecies of Daniel and the coming of the son of man. You know Paul spoke of the two tabernacles and the one that must fall before the holiest of all is made manifest.
You know who bears the Ark of the Covenant and you know who the prince of the covenant is. But most of all, you know the fate of the house and the purpose of the second veil.
“And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come. When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place (whoso readeth, let him understand): Then let him which be in Judea flee into the mountains:”
Jesus is the Word made flesh. The word is God. Jesus and Michael are the same, therefore, you know who was caught up to God and to his throne, and who he is.
If Jesus is God who came in the flesh as his son, and Michael and Jesus are one then Michael is God because they are one. And he is hid, and none can find him even in an empty place.
Remember what Jesus taught us about the prophecies of Daniel. His Name is the letters for “Love” = L.O.V.E. It was all for “Love”: Abba, YHBH, Aleph Heh Beit Heh: not the “house” built with “hands”.
“By Grace are ye saved, THROUGH FAITH, and not of yourselves, it is the gift of God: not of works lest any man should boast” – Ephesians 2:8.
“Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God.” – Ephesians 6:16-17.
Lately, I’ve been using React for building applications for work. React is a library that takes care of the “views” of your application. It is scalable, fast and very powerful. What I especially like about React is the way it handles the DOM – through something called the “Virtual DOM“. Rendering components through the Virtual […]
December 2006July 2007August 2007September 2007January 2008February 2008March 2008April 2008May 2008June 2008July 2008August 2008September 2008October 2008November 2008December 2008January 2009February 2009March 2009April 2009May 2009June 2009July 2009August 2009September 2009October 2009November 2009December 2009January 2010February 2010March 2010April 2010May 2010June 2010August 2010September 2010October 2010November 2010December 2010January 2011February 2011March 2011April 2011May 2011July 2011September 2011October 2011November 2011December 2011July 2012August 2012December 2012January 2013February 2013March 2013April 2013May 2013June 2013July 2013August 2013September 2013October 2013November 2013December 2013January 2014February 2014March 2014April 2014May 2014June 2014July 2014August 2014September 2014October 2014November 2014December 2014January 2015February 2015March 2015April 2015May 2015June 2015July 2015August 2015September 2015October 2015November 2015December 2015January 2016February 2016March 2016April 2016May 2016June 2016August 2016September 2016October 2016November 2016December 2016January 2017February 2017March 2017April 2017May 2017July 2017September 2017October 2017December 2017February 2018March 2018April 2018May 2018June 2018July 2018August 2018September 2018October 2018
Welcome to History Buff, a blog for history lovers everywhere! History Buff brings news stories about archaeology from around the world together on one site. From finds in ancient Egypt to new discoveries in anthropology, History Buff wants to know.
Hello, everyone! You might want to know more about Christmas. Thank you for visiting my blog! Christmas is my favorite holiday. In Argentina, the weather is almost always warm at Christmas. Preparations for Christmas begin very early in December and … Continue reading →
Hi there! I’m doing a special blog post for Halloween but it’s a little late. Hope you enjoy anyway!
In Austria, some people will leave bread, water, and a lighted lamp on the dinner or kitchen table when they go to bed at night. The reason why they leave bread, water, and a lighted lamp on a dinner or kitchen table is that they believed by doing so the objects on the table would welcome the dead souls back to earth for this particular night is a night of strong cosmic energies. In Austria, Catholics celebrate the entire portion between October 30 and November 8 as Seleenwoche or All Souls’ Week.
On All Saints’ Day, Catholics attend church services in honor of the saints, the martyrs and those who have died for the Catholic faith. Some people may also visit their family’s graves to beautify the graves with wreaths and small lanterns. Sometimes, a mass is said at the gravesite and the grave is sprinkled with holy water.
On November 2nd which is All Souls’ Day, Catholics attend a special Requiem masses, where they can remember the people who may be close to them that have died. Prayers for the dead are said and votive candles are lit to honor their memories. In Belgium, people believed that it was bad luck for a black cat to cross your way.
Some people believed that it was unlucky for a black cat also to come into their homes or travel on their ships. In Belgium, people light candles in memory of their spiritless relatives. In Great Britain, everyone wants to welcome the friendly spirits with special soul-cakes for them.
When children in costumes called upon their neighbors’ homes on Halloween they would be given soul-cakes also! In some parts of Britain, Halloween was known as Mischief Night in the past. It was a night for mischief making.
People would take the doors off their hinges on that night. The doors were often tossed into ponds, or taken a long way away. In England, it is said that elves rode on the backs of the villagers’ cats. The cats had fun but the villagers didn’t and would lock their cats up so that the elves couldn’t catch the cats.
Children were told not to sit in the circles of yellow and white flowers where fairies have danced as they may be stolen by the fairies. It was also considered bad to sit under the hawthorn tree because the fairies loved to dance on the hawthorn tree and if the children saw them, their tempers would be prickled. In England, the black cat was considered to be good luck and a white cat was considered to be bad luck.
In England, children make punkies out of large beets. The children cut out a design of their choice into the beet. The children carry them through the streets and sing the Punkie Night Song afterward.
The children knock on doors and ask for money. In some parts of England, turnip Lanterns are placed on gateposts to protect homes from the evil spirits. In England, Halloween was nicknamed, Nutcracker Night or Snap Apple Night.
Families would sit before a great fire in the hearth, roasting nuts and eating apples. The families told stories and played holiday games. It was an evening of great fun and merriment.
In England, they continued to practice their deep-rooted, ancient pagan rites well after the arrival of Christianity in the middle of the sixth century. The Church fathers had become concerned that the popularity of non-Christian festivals was growing at the expense of Christian holy days. Pope Gregory I, in 601 issued a decree to his missionaries about the faith and customs of the people whom he wanted to convert to Christianity.
Gregory knew that it would be impossible to eradicate the beliefs of the natives totally and so suggested to his priests that they convert them whenever possible. If the native people worshipped at a well, or sacred grove, Gregory informed his missionaries to enshrine them to Christ and let the worship continue. Gregory’s successor Pope Boniface IV in 609, declared May 13 All Saints’ Day.
Unfortunately, while pagans were happy to add All Saints’ Day to their calendar, they were unwilling to give up their existing festival of the dead and continued to celebrate Samhain. Intent on eliminating the ongoing power of the pagan beliefs, Pope Gregory III followed in the footsteps of the earlier Christian leaders and intentionally united the Christian All Saints’ Day to the festival of Samhain. He then moved All Saints’ Day to November 1, which became more commonly known as All Hallows.
Because Samhain had traditionally fallen the night before All Hallows, it eventually became known as All Hallows’ Even’ or Halloween. Previous church leaders to Gregory III discouraged the Samhain tradition of wearing frightening costumes, but Gregory decided to allow people to dress up in honor of the saints. Other traditions, such as begging for food and kindling, were made legal by the Church, providing that any food that was given to the beggars would be given to the poor, rather than to appease the evil spirits.
The Church also added a second day to the festival that fell on November 2 and was called All Souls’ Day and was dedicated to the souls of those who are still left in purgatory. These souls had to endure the punishment of purgatory for their sins. It is believed that the lighting of candles and the saying of prayers for the dead would shorten the time they were to suffer in purgatory before they would rise to heaven.
The tradition of begging for food soon was replaced with souling or Soul Caking. The idea was for children to go from door to door asking for money to give to the poor and a soul cake to have for themselves. Every cake they would receive, the children would say a prayer for the souls of the dead.
Soul cakes were called several different names throughout England such as Saumas or soul mass cakes which were dark fruitcakes, another cake was covered in caraway seeds and made into a bun. In North England, the tradition of lighting bonfires was central to the Halloween celebration. Superstition was still very strong as a result of the aftermath of the witch-hunts; witches were believed to take to the air to harass everyone at Halloween.
Halloween was called Tan Day for the township of Lancashire. Tan Day was named as it was the Celtic tein, or fire and pitchforks full of burning hay were flung into the air to scare the witches. Another reason was the heat and the smoke of the bonfires would also drive away any airborne witches.
In Canada, people welcome trick-or-treaters by placing pumpkins called jack-o’-lanterns in their windows. Also in Canada, it is bad luck for a black cat to cross your path, enter your home, or even enter your ship. In Canada, people give trick-or-treaters treats to make sure they are not being played a trick on.
Children also make Jack-o’-lanterns for Halloween. Dressing up as witches, ghosts and beasts for trick-or-treating is done also. It was believed these costumes would protect people from bad luck.
Thousands of years ago there was a tribe of farmers called the Celts. They knew that the sun helped make their crops grow, so when autumn came the sun began to fade and they believed that the sun would be winter’s prisoner for six months. They were worried that the sun would not return so to make sure it did they held a festival on October 31.
During which, they asked the sun to return safely in the summer. All the cooking fires were put out and a huge bonfire was lit on the hillside. Here they prayed the sun would shine brightly after winter was over.
The next morning, they would return to the hillside take a piece of the burning wood from the remains of the bonfire and light new fires so as to bring good luck. Feasts were held over the new fires and people would dress up in costumes made out of animal skins. It was believed these costumes would protect people from bad luck.
This is how Halloween is said to have begun and is still celebrated today. Cats were considered by the Celts to be spirits and that cats could predict the future. In Ireland, the black cat was considered to be bad luck and if it crosses your path while walking or crosses the threshold of your home or ship it was considered bad luck.
In Ireland, children would cut scary faces into hollowed-out turnips, large rutabagas, or potatoes. Then place a candle inside them. Children once enjoyed throwing cabbages and turnips at doors at Halloween time.
Smashing bottles near windows was also done for fun. The Celts referred to Halloween as The Samhain Festival. It was during this time that you would lead your livestock home from summer pastures to the winter shelters.
Samhain Eve was a time when the veil between the worlds of the living and the dead grew thinner, and ghosts ventured toward the warmth if people’s homes and hearths. On the Eve, the Celts built bonfires in memory of their departed ancestors and left food and drinks on their tables overnight for eating by the ghosts. The tenth-century abbot of Cliny Odile changed Samhain’s name to All Saints’ Day.
October 31 became All Hallows’ Eve or Hallowes’ Even, and eventually would become Halloween. Halloween is now for the children, whose practice of trick-or-treating has its roots in the English custom of soul-caking. From medieval times onward, poor people would beg door-to-door for spiced cakes that the householders would award as payment for prayers the beggars promised to say for the householders’ ancestors.
This song was referred to as the soul-cakers song. In Ireland, they continued to practice their deep-rooted, ancient pagan rites well after the arrival of Christianity in the middle of the sixth century.
The Church fathers had become concerned that the popularity of non-Christian festivals was growing at the expense of Christian holy days. In China, the Halloween festival is known as Teng Chieh in which food and water are placed in front of photographs of relatives of people. Bonfires and lanterns are lit to light the spirits path back to earth.
Another Halloween festival is called The Feast of the Hungry Ghosts. In China, the souls of the dead, particularly
during the seventh lunar month, wander the earth in search of affection. They are known as the hungry ghosts because of their hunger for recognition and care.
The number of souls is usually increased by those who died unnatural deaths, and who may not have been given a proper burial or burial place which their families could visit in order to pay them respect. Other such Hungry ghosts that are abroad during this month are the spirits of people whose families had either died out or who showed no concern for their welfare in the beyond. Bereft of comfort, they feel abandoned and, lacking ancestral worship, may turn malignant and become powerful threats to the living.
The purpose of the Festival of the Hungry Ghosts, is dedicated to the earthbound spirits. It’s purpose is to make them feel welcome and to satisfy their spiritual hunger. This will placate any possible anger they might have and gain their gratitude.
In the sacred ritual of the day, the spirits are offered joss sticks, food and gifts. The gifts that are made of paper represent objects with which they were familiar while on earth and are intended to make them feel at home. Paper money is burnt on their behalf, to pay for their expenses in the netherworld.
Fires are lit to light the way for the hungry ghosts and a gesture of welcome. In Czechoslovakia, chairs are placed by the fireside. There is a chair for each family member and one for each family member’s spirit.
In Germany, people put their knifes away. This has to be done so they don’t risk hurting the returning spirits.
In the regions of Bavaria, Austria, and Southern Germany, Catholics celebrate the entire period between October 30 and November 8 as Seleenwoche or All Souls’ Week. In Hong Kong, there is a festival similar to Halloween.
During the Hungry Ghosts Festival or Yue Lan, ghosts and spirits roam the world for 24 hours. Some people burn pictures of fruit or money. This was believed to reach the spirit world and comfort the ghosts on this day.
In Italy, they make cakes in the shape of beans. These cakes are called Beans of the Dead. In Southern Italy, families prepare a special feast for the souls of the departed on All Souls’ Day.
When the family came home to find that their offerings hadn’t been consumed it meant that the spirits disapproved of their home and would work evil against them during the coming year. In Italy, November 1 has become a public holiday. In Japan, O-Bon festival celebrates the memory of the dead relatives.
Food and water is placed in front of photos of the dead. Bonfires and lanterns light the spirits’ path back to earth. O-Bon celebrated by some people from July 13-15 and others from August 13-15, O-Bon gets its name from the Sanskrit word for “to hang upside down.”
It refers to a legend about a Buddhist monk who is deep in meditation was able to see his long-lifeless mother hanging upside down in the Buddhist equivalent of misery. This was her punishment for eating meat during her lifetime which is a Buddhist taboo and refusing to repent of it. The monk was holy enough to go to misery and buy his mother’s passage to Nirvana with some of his own excess goodness.
On the first day of O-Bon, people decorate their loved ones’ graves with fruit, cakes, and lanterns. On the second day, spirit altars or they are referred to tamadana are assembled at home. Atop a woven rush mat stand the ancestors’ memorial plaques, tempting vegetarian dishes, and cucumbers carved to represent horses on which the spirits are invited to ride.
On the third day, whole communities gather for the bon-odori, a hypnotic, slow dance that moves in concentric circles or multiple lines. Hundreds of people often dance together. As evening falls, tiny paper lanterns are set adrift on river or sea: these omiyage gently light the spirits way back to the other shore.
Buddhist Japanese remember their dead at the time in autumn of equal days and nights. The festival that is celebrated is called Higan. It is a time when people visit the graves of friends and family who are dead.
They tidy up the area and think about the dead people. In Mexico, they have picnic lunches on the graves of their relatives. As this is a day of remembrance, happiness and celebration.
They bake bread and make candy in the shape of skull and crossbones, a casket, or a skeleton. The children run through the streets with lanterns and ask for coins. People light bonfires, set off firecrackers, and hang lanterns on trees to guide the souls of the dead home.
In Mexico, All Saints’ Day is devoted to all the departed children. This is a prelude to November 2’s Dia de los Muertos, Day of the Dead which is a national holiday on which all the grown-up ghosts will be arriving in full force. The littler ghosts get a head start.
To help them find their way back to the homes where they once lived, parents and still alive family members often shoot off firecrackers. In some parts of Mexico on this night, they strew a path of flower petals from the graveyard to the front porch. Mexico’s Day of the Dead calls for happy all day picnics beside the graves of dead relatives.
At home, people assemble little altars called ofrendas, stocked with the departed loved ones favorite foods and drinks, their photos, and other memories, as well as candles and pungent marigolds, a flower long associated with death. The Mexican custom of Erecting Day of the Dead altars has caught on north of the border, where the altars serve as the focus of ancestor rituals and memorials.
In Mexico, October 27 is the Feast of the Holy Souls or Fiesta de las Santas Animas, families begin the fiesta by cleaning their relatives’ graves and adorning them with pine needles and flowers. The families assemble a temporary altar near the gravesite, stocking the altars with candles and all kinds of foods such as meat, beans, chilies, salt, tortillas, fruit and sometimes adult beverages. Each person in the family then takes turns in talking to the departed spirit, offering it the food and assuring it that it is loved.
The ceremonies go on for several days, as every family has more than one grave to attend to. In the United States, trick-or-treaters are welcomed by placing lighted pumpkins known as jack-o’-lanterns in their windows. The North American tradition of trick or treat comes from the original idea that you must be kind to dead ancestors or they will play a trick on you.
Neopagans of North America honor their ancestors on October 31. It was once believed that on this night any souls who had not yet passed into the paradise of the summer lands might return to wander the streets and visit their old homes once more. Neopagans celebrate the festival today as a turning point between the old and the new year, as well, the date of October 31 as the gateway between the worlds.
Many neopagans also believe that on the eve of Samhain, the veil that separates each world that of the living and that of the dead is at its thinnest and that on this night, there is a better chance of being successful in communicating with their ancestors. In the Philippines, people will light candles in the memory of their dead relatives. In Poland, doors and windows are left open to welcome the spirits or the visiting souls.
In Portugal, they have feasts of wine and chestnuts at the cemetery. In Portugal, they bake special sugar cakes with cinnamon and herb flavoring. Parentalia the Roman holiday dedicated to honoring dead family began precisely at the sixth hour on the thirteenth day of February and lasted a full nine days afterward.
These English parental days weren’t a spooky time for the average Roman citizen. Rather, these were days of obligation and feasting, quiet and respectful, introspective, like a wake. During the Parentalia, all temples were closed, weddings were forbidden, and governmental magistrates uncharacteristically appeared in public devoid of the insignia of their office.
People visited their parents’ and other relatives’ graves, bringing objects such as milk, wine, honey, oil, and spring water. Some brought sacrificial blood from the bodies of black animals. They decked the graves with roses and violets.
Dining with the dead at the grave site, the celebrant would offer the traditional greeting and farewell of the holiday which is Salve, sancte parens and Hail, holy ancestor. The Vestal virgins, the priestesses who tended the goddess Vesta’s shrine in the Forum performed rites of their own at the Parentalia. The senior Vestal paid a ceremonial visit to the group’s parental tomb which was the early Vestal, Tarpeia.
On May 9 is the Lemuria a festival held to remove the more hungry ghosts. The Lemuria is a festival held for homeowners to rid their homes of resident lemures. A celebrant would walk through the house barefoot at midnight walking from room to room with one hand upheld in the fig gesture which is the thumb held between the second and third fingers.
The celebrant’s mouth would be filled with dried black beans which he would spit out one by one as he walked. The beans were used as ghost bait. As he walked he would spit a black bean out and say the chant nine times: With these I redeem myself and mine.
The idea was that the lemures would be following him, eating the beans that had been spat out by the celebrant. While the celebrant was walking around with the ghosts following him people weren’t to look back during the ritual. Once the celebrant had come full circle, he would wash his hands thoroughly then he would beat brass pans together making as much noise as possible so as to bid the lemures leave.
A festival held called Feralia is much like the Day of the Dead ceremony. The name feralia comes from the verb ferre meaning to carry, or to ferry. The Roman families would go to the ancestral graveyard, ferrying offerings.
The reasons was that they believed the ghosts were hovering around the graves, so they take food to extinguish the pyres. Once the ancestors were honored and fed, comes the ceremony Caristia from the word Cara meaning dear. This was a holiday to re-affirm, a day of affectionate family reunions.
All fighting was forbidden, old feuds would be forgotten, and sibling rivalries would have to be set aside. In Russia, the blue cat is said to bring good luck. Blue cats like the Russian Blue, British Blue and Burmese.
In Scotland, Soul Cakes were known as Dirge Loaves and were flat, round buns of oat flour. Scottish superstitions ran deeper and darker than most. In memory of the fact that Scotland had been the only country to burn to death its supposed witches, children in Aberdeenshire would run around their villages, banging on doors and shouting.
This practice continued until the early twentieth century. Effigies of witches were burned on the Halloween bonfire. A dummy of an old woman called the shandy Dan was wheeled in a cart to the center of a large gathering of villagers and then tossed onto the fire with much celebration.
They also smashed bottles near windows. March 13-19 in Spain is Las Fallas which is in honor of St. Joseph whose feast day is on March 19. There are fireworks, bullfights, music, costumed revelers and parades.
Giant models of people or papier-mâché effigies called ninots are stuffed with fireworks and burned. The bonfires and burning of effigies is done to blazing away the last vestiges of winter and welcoming the glow of the summer Sun. In Australia, they celebrate Guy Fawkes Eve as the day for Halloween or as it is also known Mischief Night or Danger Night.
On this night, it is a day for children to create mischief by doing tricks or getting a treat. It is not widely done in Australia as it is in America and elsewhere, in fact most children in Australia celebrate it as dancing at their schools or in other activities. Not as a day to create lawless or other mischief.
In Estonia, folktales tell of unsuspecting people who wander into village churches on All Saints’ Day night only to find all the pews filled with ghosts who sit and kneel attentively while a ghostly priest celebrates mass at the altar. French bellmen would walk through the streets warning of the arrival of, “The spirits are about to arrive!” Once everyone heard this they would all hurry to bed and shut their eyes.
Today, the French children beg for flowers with which to decorate churches and the graves of loved ones. In Guatemala, the advent season is a time of men dressing up as the devil in costumes playfully chasing children through the streets. To bring the season to a close on December 7, people are to light bonfires in front of their homes.
They would toss accumulated garbage and other debris onto these. In the City, fireworks explode into the night. This event is called the Burning the Devil or La Quema del Diablo.
Saint Martin’s Day, November 11th, is a celebration in Holland has a lot in comparison to “trick-or-treating”. People in Holland go around getting treats by ringing on some doorbells, singing songs for which they are given sweets or tangerines. They go around with lanterns and here is one of the songs they sing:
Those were the words to the Sint Maarten Song. This is the story of why the Dutch celebrate Saint Martin. It was a dark and stormy night.
Martin was quite alone on that dark stormy night. He only had a cloak and a singular piece of bread. He was returning home when suddenly a poor and homeless man appeared in the darkness.
Martin felt pity for the man and gave him half his piece of bread, and half his cloak and offered him hospitality in his home. Now he is called Saint Martin and is known for his kindness to the stranger. That is why they celebrate Saint Martin’s Day.
It is popularly a night for mischief and is called Mischief Night or Danger Night, which is on November 5th. The Odo Festival is held to mark the return of the dead which is the Odo to those still living, this occurs in the village of Igbo, Nigeria. The festival has three stages.
The first stage is observed with ritual celebrations and festivities to welcome those returning from the spirit world. The spirits stay for six or more months. Their departure is an emotional affair as they will not return for two years.
There are Odo plays featuring different characters in costumes. Most roles are by men with women as chorus members and as spectators. Children in Sicily go to bed on November 1 well aware that outside, in all the graveyards, the dead are rising from their tombs and coming like Santa Claus to deliver candies, cookies, and gifts to leave for them in celebration of All Saints’ Day.
On All Souls’ Day, the Sicilian chefs mark the holiday with almond-flavored “bones of the dead”, bone-shaped biscotti, with molded-sugar dolls, and with fave dei Morti, little Venetian cookies in the shapes of fava beans, a legume associated since ancient times with rites of the dead. Vu-Lan or Wandering Souls’ Day is a festival celebrated by all Vietnamese. When a person dies, it is believed their soul goes to inferno where it is judged and, depending on the person’s behavior on earth, is sent to heaven or kept in inferno.
Souls in inferno can gain release by the prayers of the living. Wandering Souls’ Day is the best time for these rituals. Inferno’s gates are opened at sunset and the bare hungry souls fly out, returning to the family altars.
Tables are spread with a meal for the ancestors and ‘wandering souls’, and incense sticks and votive papers are burned. This takes place in large rooms or outdoors so there is plenty of room for the ‘wandering souls’ who have no relatives, or whose relatives have forgotten them. In Wales, people build Halloween fires on the Vigil of Samhain.
The celebration is very somber. Each of the family is to write his or her name on a white stone which is then thrown in the fire. Then all of the family members march around a fire, praying for good fortune.
The next morning, after the fire has died out, each member sifts through the ashes to search for the stone. If any stone is missing, it means that the spirits will call upon the soul of that person during the coming year.
I got this photo at http://www.dltk-teach.com/minibooks/halloween/felt.h2.gif but I got this orginally at Google Images.
Posted in Lillian's Thoughts	| Tagged abandoned, abbot, Aberdeenshire, able, about, abroad, accumulated, activities, adorning, adrift, adult, advent, affair, affection, affectionate, afterward, against, alive, All, almond, alone, also, altar, altars, America, American, ancestors, ancestral, ancient, anger, Animal, animals, Animas, anyway, appeared, Apple, apples, area, arrival, arrive, Ashes, aside, Ask, asked, assemble, assembled, associated, assuring, Atop, attend, attentively, August, Australia, Austria, Autumn, average, award, away, back, backs, bad, bait, Bake, banging, bare, barefoot, Bavaria, Bean, beans, beasts, beat, beautify, become, bed, beets, before, beg, began, beggars, begun, behalf, behavior, Belgium, beliefs, believed, bellmen, bereft, between, beverages, Beyond, bid, biscotti, black, blazing, blog, blood, Blue, bodies, bon-odori, bonfire, bonfires, Boniface, bottles, branden, brass, bread, brightly, bring, Britain, British, Buddhist, bullfights, buns, burial, Burmese, burn, burned, burning, burnt, buy, cabbages, cakes, called, came, Canada, candies, candle, candles, Candy, Cara, care, Caristia, carry, cart, carved, casket, cat, catch, Catholics, Cats, caught, celebrant, celebrate, celebrated, celebrates, celebration, Celts, cemetery, center, century, ceremonies, ceremony, chair, chairs, chant, characters, chasing, chefs, chestnuts, children, chilies, choice, Chorus, Christianity, church, churches, cinnamon, Circle, circles, citizen, City, cleaning, Cliny Odile, cloak, close, coins, come, comfort, coming, communicating, communities, comparison, concentric, concern, concerned, considered, consumed, continued, convert, Cookies, cooking, costumed, costumes, Country, create, crops, cross, crossbones, cucumbers, custom, customs, cut, Czechoslovakia, dag, Dan, dance, danced, dancing, Danger, Dark, darker, Darkness, Dat, Day, Days, de, Dead, dear, death, deaths, debris, decked, decorate, decorated, decree, dedicated, Deep, deep-rooted, deeper, departed, departure, depending, design, devil, devoid, devoted, Dia de los Muertos, died, dinner, Dirge, disapproved, dishes, dolls, done, doorbells, doors, down, dressing, dried, drinks, dummy, During, Dutch, earth, earthbound, eating, effigies, either, Elf, elves, emotional, England, English, enjoy, enjoyed, enough, enshrine, enter, entire, equal, equivalent, eradicate, Erecting, Estonia, eve, evening, event, Everyone, evil, excess, expense, expenses, explode, extinguish, eyes, faces, fact, fade, Fairies, Faith, familiar, families, family, family's, farmers, fathers, fava, fave dei Morti, favorite, Fawkes, feast, feasting, feasts, featuring, February, fed, feel, Feralia, ferre, ferry, festival, festivals, feuds, Fiesta, fig, fighting, filled, find, fingers, fir, fire, firecrackers, fires, fireside, fireworks, flat, flavored, flavoring, flour, Flower, Flowers, fly, focus, folktales, following, Food, forbidden, force, forgotten, Fortune, French, friendly, friends, front, Fruit, Full, fun, future, gain, Garbage, gateposts, gates, gateway, gather, Gathering, gave, Germany, gesture, Ghost, ghostly, ghosts, giant, Gifts, glow, Good, goodness, google, governmental, gratitude, graves, gravesite, graveyard', Great, Gregory, grew, grove, Grow, growing, grown-up, Guatemala, Guide, Guy, half, Halloween, Hallowes', hand, Hands, hang, hanging, happiness, hawthorn, head, hearth, hearths, heaven, held, helped, herb, Higan, hillside, hinges, holiday, Holland, hollowed-out, holy, Home, homeless, homeowners, homes, Honey, Hong Kong, honor, honoring, Hope, horses, hospitality, hour, hours, House, householders, hovering, huge, hundreds, hunger, Hungry, hurry, hurting, hypnotic, Idea, Igbo, Images, impossible, incense, increased, inferno, informed, insignia, intended, into, intospective, invited, Ireland, issued, Italy, Jack-o'-Lanterns, Japan, Japanese, Japense, joss, judged, July, kept, Kind, kindness, kitchen, kneel, knew, knifes, knock, known, La Quema del Diablo, lacking malignant, lamp, lands, lanterns, large, las, Las Fallas, Last, late, lawless, lead, leave, Legend, legume, lemures, Lemuria, lichtjie, lifetime, light, lighted, lines, lit, littler, livestock, living, loaves, lock, long, long-lifeless, loved, luck, lunar, lunches, Maarten, mag, magistrates, make, Making, Man, March, marigolds, Martin, martyrs, Mass, mat, May, meal, meaning, meant, meat, medieval, meditation, member, members, memorial, memorials, memories, memory, men, Mexican, Mexico, middle, Midnight, mijn, Milk, mine, Mischief, missionaries, models, molded, money, monk, month, monthes, months, morning, Mother, mouth, moves, multiple, Music, myself, Name, national, native, natives, needles, neighbors', Neopagans, netherworld, New, nicknamed, Nigeria, night, nights, nine, ninots, Nirvana, noise, non-Christian, northern, November, number, Nutcracker, nuts, oat, objects, obligation, observed, occurs, October, Odo, offered, offerings, office, ofrendas, often, oil, old, omiyage, Once, Order, orginal, orginally, Other, out, outdoors, outdpprs, pagan, pans, papers, papier-mâché, parades, paradise, parental, Parentalia, parents, particular, particularly, passage, passed, past, pastures, path, payment, people, petals, pews, Philippines, photo, photos, picnic, pictures, piece, pine, pity, placate, Place, placed, placing, plaques, played, playfully, Point, Poland, ponds, poor, Pope, popularity, popularly, porch, portion, Portugal, possible, post, potatoes, powerful, practice, prayed, Prayers, precisely, predict, prelude, prepare, prickled, priest, priests, prisoner, promised, proper, protect, public, pugent, pumpkins, punishment, Punkie, punkies, purpose, pyres, quiet, rather, re-affirm, reach, reason, reasons, recognition, reedeem, referred, refers, refusing, regions, relatives, release, remains, remember, remembrance, remove, repent, represent, Requiem, resident, respect, respectful, Return, returning, reunions, revelers, Ride, ringing, risk, rites, ritual, rituals, rivalries, River, roasting, rode, role, roman, room, rooms, roots, Roses, round, rush, Russia, Russian, rutabagas, sacred, sacrifical, safely, Said, Saint, Saints', salt, Samhain, Sanskrit, Santas, satisfy, scary, schools, Scotland, Scottish, Sea, search, Season, second, See, Seleenwoche, sent, serparates, serve, services, several, shandy, shape, shelters, shine, Ship, ships, shoot, shore, shouting, showed, shut, sibling, Sicilian, Sicily, sifts, similar, sing, singing, singular, Sint, sit, six, Sixth, skeleton, skins, skull, slow, Small, smashed, smashing, Snap, somber, some, sometimes, song, Songs, soul-cakers, soul-cakes, soul-caking, souls, southern, Spain, spat, special, spectators, spiced, spiritless, spirits, spiritual, spit, spooky, spread, spring, sprinkled, St. Joesph, stages, stand, start, states, sticks, still, stocked, stolen, Stone, stories, stormy, stranger, streets, strew, strong, stuffed, successful, successor, Sugar, suggested, Summer, Sun, sunset, superstitions, sure, sweets, table, tables, taboo, taken, talking, tamadana, tangerines, tell, tempers, temples, tempting, think, thinner, thinnest, third, thirteenth, thousands, threats, threshold, throroughly, throwing, thrown, thumb, tidy, Time, times, Tiny, today, together, told, tortillas, toss, tossed, totally, tradition, travel, treat, treater, Treats, tree, trees, tribe, Trick, trick-or-treaters, tricks, turning, turnips, turns, twentieth, Two, uncharacteristically, United, United States, unlucky, unnatural, unsuspecting, upheld, Upon, upside, usually, vegetarian, veil, Venetian, ventured, verb, vestiges, Vietnamese, Vigil, village, villagers', violets, visit, votive, Vu-Lan, wake, Wales, walk, walking, wander, wandering, warmth, warning, wash, Water, Way, weddings, week, welcome, welcomed, welfare, well, wheeled, whenever, while, White, widely, windows, wine, Winter, winters, Woman, Women, wood, word, work, worlds, worried, worship, worshipped, woven, wreaths, write, Year, years, Yellow, Yue Lan, \	| Leave a reply
July 7 2018: (Photo credit: Me – Taken in 2014 of myself and students in the Success for Teens blogging class I was teaching at the time) Do you have a game plan? On the four hour flight from Vegas … Continue reading →
**THROWBACK POST** February 19 2014: (Thomas on a walk in 2014) When I picked up Thomas from school recently, he told me he has been asking all of his classmates whether or not they like LEGOS. Only one or two … Continue reading →
When Things Come Together And she began the walk The walk of only she, breathing in, knowing she was breathing in breathing out, knowing she was breathing out She listened to the sounds of the stillness the song birds the … Continue reading →
Hey! I’m one of two new admins on Thomas’ website! The other is TheCreCane! You’ll see me on here sometimes to help with questions. Thanks!
Hi! This is Thomas, and this is my series Minecraft Tips and Tricks! If you want to know any thing or request me to show how to do something, say so in the comments! I made a Zombie Statue … Continue reading →
Hi! This is Thomas, and this is my new series Minecraft Tips and Tricks! If you want to know any thing or request me to show how to do something, say so in the comments! This is how to build … Continue reading →
August 25 2018: Team TLC Movie Night: Lillian’s choice – Second time around for this one as Lillian wanted to see it again. “Bedtime Stories” Lillian says, “Good, musical, suspenseful, like a few of the songs, like the moral and … Continue reading →
August 25 2018: Beyond Magenta About 3 months ago I discovered that I was deeply ignorant concerning a segment of the human population, the ones with whom I walk this Earth. This is but one of the many books I … Continue reading →
To create Submixes, it seems that I can chain an audio track to many bus tracks in a row. (Meaning, to put my 3 Kik tracks to a single bus track, then send that bus track to another submix etc...)
But when I try the same thing with AUX tracks, it doesn't work! I start having some serious latency between tracks and my drummer suddenly has rythmic problem!
I've found out that on my system, an Aux track can only come from an Audio track and go directly to the main Output to avoid this.
You'll need to change the latency setting in your preferences/audio/compensation to ALL from Tracks and Instruments if you want to do this. This is only a hassle because it becomes global for all your songs and you have to remember to switch back and forth. (I wish this would be a song setting pref and not a global one!)
Won't that end up moving the midi data to the wrong place is you are using a plugin that has a large amount of latency? That's why I am always changing it back and forth depending on if I'm tracking or mixing...
If I have a software inst bussed to an aux with large latency. ie. altiverb followed by Ozone 4 and PDC is not set to all, then there is an obvious and awful amount of latency.
If you are referring to trying to play an instrument that has been bussed this way, then of course it will be unplayable, that is what the Low Latency Mode Toggle is for.
I just confirmed that even with chaining the aux output to aux to aux, all with Altiverb and Ozone 4 on them everything stays locked to picture with PDC set to all.
The Problem with inducing such huge latency is that visually the playhead looks like it is way ahead. It does require a different level of attention to the music as you can't trust your eyes at that point. Not a problem for me, but an issue nonetheless and one that could, I imagine, be addressed by apple at some point.
However, I'm still confused as to why a submix (Aux Track) that goes to another submix (Aux Track) would create latency as opposed to bus tracks that don't create Latency. It's unfortunate that Bus Tracks don't have any sends.
You can only create bus channel strip objects in the Environment. In general, you will not need to do so, as all audio bussing (send/return routing via the Send slots of channel strips) is handled by aux channel strips.
Bus channel strips are primarily included for compatibility with earlier versions of Logic Pro, and for use with certain audio hardware devices.
From a technical standpoint, the Bus shouldn't have a channel strip. It's an incorrect usage to give the bus a channel as "buss" refers to routing and is probably why it was "removed" from normal usage in 9. Even in 9 it technically isn't correct as the Bus Strip interrupts the buss, not logical at all.
The Aux Channel is "correct" as it includes the busses destination and creates the channel strip with level control.
I just tested cascading 4 auxes and with no plug-ins and PDC off, there does not seem to be any delay I can detect.
It's not. There must be something wrong with your buses. You may check them one by one, reset their settings, switch them from stereo to mono and back, delete them and never use them again as channelstrips. If this does not help, you have to continue with a new project. Or finish this project as it is but work without bus channelstrips in future. Buses are just the roads where your data travel. They can be made visible for backwards compatibility because the old Logic versions didn't have Auxes. Aux is the way to go.
Auxes and sends are sample accurate, there must not be any delay. Look at the screenshot below. I inserted a Test Oscillator with pink noise (!) and sent it directly to the output and in parallel through six buses. To make the situation worse I delayed the stereo channels. After six buses, when the phase of the bus signal gets inverted, there is zero output. Nothing. And when a noise signal cancels itself with the phase inverted, you can be sure that there is no delay at all.
Maybe it's the plug ins you have on the aux. Try the same with logics own plugs and see if anything changes.
Sometimes my Audio tracks switch from Mono to Stereo for no reason. I think it's because I imported my Autoload from...Logic 7 directly to Logic 9. I never had Logic 8. Something must of happened there.
Hmm I have a strange problem (to me) with scoring some drumtriplets. When I choose the style called #Drums in score it doesnÂ´t display the triplets (24ths) correctly. If I choose any other style nothing is wrong.
I would have uploaded a picture of it but I can't figure out how but maybe somebody knows Score well enough to help me without it.
Yes it's when I keep quantizevalue (16/24) and just change the style the strange thing happens. Actually it's not really my problem because it's a collegue of mine who needs this to work. I am just trying to help him but I more or less only know score because I seem to help him a lot and in this case I just can't figure it out.
Just tried it using a bass clef style, added some 16th triplets and changed to #drums. Seems to work fine here.
It turns out that the guy with the problem also has found a way out so the problem is solved. Thanks for the input
お客様が利用されているブラウザーやネットワーク環境の影響により、このページが表示される場合があります。ブラウザーのCookieの設定やJavaScriptの設定などをご確認ください。ネットワーク環境による影響の場合は、ネットワーク管理者もしくはインターネットサービスプロバイダーにお問い合わせください。
Wearing the Chicago Bulls Chandler Hutchison Men s Jersey will help wick away moisture from your body to keep you nice and comfortable.
Chicago Bulls - Men's #15 Black Chandler Hutchison 2018 NBA Draft Swingman Statement Edition JerseyThere's only one corner of the universe you can be sure of improving， and that's your own self. Let everyone see your pride with this Chicago Bulls Men's Chandler Hutchison Statement Black Jersey.The vibrant graphics on this jersey are sure to give you a spirit ready to stand up to any competition.Chicago Bulls Black Men's #15 Chandler Hutchison Swingman Statement Edition- Jersey Description
Wearing the Chicago Bulls Chandler Hutchison Men s Jersey will help wick away moisture from your body to keep you nice and comfortable.,440659d
The Handle Bar is an indoor cycling chain located in metro Boston. Our studios are located in South Boston, Fenway, and Harvard Square.Music driven, low lit classes create an intoxicating environment that has proven addicting and transformative for our beloved rider community. Our work hard - play hard mantra has struck a chord with Bostonians of all ages and we inspire our riders to better themselves both on and off the bike.
A headstrong young girl in Afghanistan disguises herself as a boy in order to provide for her family.
Our workshops and programs are designed to provide insight into the drivers of emotions and behavior. We help leaders develop an understanding of the science of awareness, providing data into regulating and expressing mental states in a constructive way. This includes cultivating and nurturing the mental qualities of empathy, emotional balance, awareness, and self-acceptance. Our workshops and coaching programs explore scientific research on recognizing and changing deeply embedded patterns of thoughts and behaviors that limit personal leadership performance.
Workshops are geared towards individuals, entrepreneurs and leaders who want to operate from their highest self, optimize their leadership performance and recognize the importance of service to others. Prior to each workshop, we conduct a thorough needs assessment to identify the topics, participants, and measures of success.
"Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom."
The data in this publication is for illustration purposes only and does not necessarily represent standards or specifications which must be met by V7.
Design and specifications are subject to change without prior notice. Trademarks belong to their respective owners. No responsibility assumed and
all liability for damages resulting from use of this information or for any errors or omissions, are disclaimed. Measurement standards and testing
Did you know, Robert Rodriguez’ new TV series based on the cult classic From Dusk Till Dawn made its US premiere last week? While viewers in the US can catch the show on Rodriguez’ new network El Ray, international viewers will have to be Netflix subscribers to catch the series. And the the entire ten episodes from the season will be released on a weekly basis. Check out the trailer below!
When life takes you away from home and you do not feel comfortable leaving your beloved Kitty Cat at home alone, consider Kountry Kitty Inn. We offer the latest in Cat boarding technology and guaranteed tender loving care. All of this is nestled in the heart of rural Taylor County West Virginia, just 7 miles east of Bridgeport WV on US Rte 50 East. We are located just 2.8 miles on Buck Run Road. Just follow the signs. No dogs allowed, and in the summer you can come hear the grass grow. Come in and see what we are all about.
Trivia Night at Chatham Bars Inn - Nov 8, 2018 to Dec 27, 2018 - CCYP Cape Cod Young Professionals Jobs
Join us from 6:30-7:30pm in the South Lounge for a Trivia Night every Thursday starting November 8 through March (excluding November 22). Enjoy fun times with family and friends while you test your knowledge. There will be five rounds in subjects including history, science, general knowledge, literature, sports and more! One of those five rounds will always be ‘Name That Tune’ and a famous faces identification sheet will be given to each team each time. Will you be the next champion? Arrive early to get a great seat and we promise fun times and great laughs over drinks and delicious bites!
a web space by Susanna Canessa, a musician, where it’s possible publicize (it’s free!) Music, Art and Theatre events. Send a text file, with a small picture a part from the text. This one has to be clear, without any kind of compless layout. In this case the comunication will not be available.
Lather Salon came together from the desire to merge ideas, personalities and dreams. Longtime friends and co-workers Kimberly Bacon and Kristin Isaac sought the freedom and responsibility of Salon ownership, as well as a chance to work together to create something unique in a town that is already known for thinking outside the box. With a desire to avoid stereotypes and industry hype, Kim and Kristin sat down together to conceptualize a Salon that would offer limitless expression within the framework of their both complimentary and contrasting creative visions. Lather is the result.
Kristin Isaac’s passion for hair began during what most women remember as the “Barbie Years”. Through early trials, simply joy and experimentation, she learned many things that still aid her today (never try to curl a Barbie’s hair). After college, she entered the prestigious and challenging Aveda Institute, and ten years later, her experiences with everyday mom’s, celebrity clients, and her drive for constant improvement continue to bring out the best in her clientele.
An expert in precision cutting, color and blow-outs, Kristin’s repertoire also includes personal styling, hundreds of successful wedding updos and much more. Her patience, drive for exacting results, hard work and by extension, happy clients, will leave you feeling satisfied, inspired and with the joy of a vision realized.
“The drive to make art is what inspired me to get into the hair industry and is what keeps me here after almost 30 years in the business.”
Kim Bacon started her career in the 80’s working for Toni&Guy. She quickly became the companies Chemical Artistic Director in 1993 and taught hair color and color theory to hairdressers around the world. In 1997 she opened her first salon, The Velvet Chair in Dallas, Tx.. She went on to work on Michigan Ave in Chicago, Ill. in 2001.
“Specializing in ‘just’ hair color for 15 years really grounded me in this business and helped me take and artists’ perspective when it comes to creating a visual palette for my clients”. Visiting art galleries, connecting to current trends in fashion and music keep me fresh and inspired”
Kim Bacon has trained with Rodger Thompson of Vidal Sassoon, Paul Mitchell, John Paul DeJoria, Anthony Mascolo of Toni&Guy, Sally Hershburger, Nick Arrojo, Beth Mindardi formerly of Redken and Michael Gordon of Bumble and Bumble. She has been featured in publications such as Allure Magazine as one of ‘The Nations Top Colorists’ 1993, Elle Magazine 1995, Allure Fashion Insider 1995, and Hairstyles 2001, as well as many local publications. Kim lives in heart of downtown Austin, Tx with her daughter, Michael.
“Music, fashion, art, webinars, the big picture, the small details, or just going rogue in the process of creating something new for my clients keeps me excited as a hairdresser”
I am fortunate to have been trained by one of the most influential stylists in Austin, and I am proud to bring that knowledge to Lather Salon.
Having done hair for 25 years, I am constantly reminded how lucky I am to work in an industry where I can make clients feel better about themselves, their hair and appearance.
By forming strong, lasting relationship with my clients, I can make good and honest decisions about their hair to compliment their lifestyle. Styling hair is a great passion for me, and so are the friends I have made along the way.
– Specializes in color, dimensional blondes, natural and edgy Balayage highlights and Balayage ombré as well as fashion colors and color corrections.
Rick has been a stylist for 30 years. Throughout that tenure, he has been a color educator for Goldwell color. Rick started his career in West Texas before relocating to Austin in 2001. Staying current in an ever- changing industry creates the need for education. Learning new techniques lend to creativity and therein lies the happy medium. The best reward is making clients happy.
Growing up in salons in Northern California, Sloane was a natural fit for Lather. She is quick with a smile and a kind word. She oversees salon management and is our star coordinator. When she is not at the salon, she is spending time with her elderly dogs and can be seen riding her Vespa around town.
From Cesar Chavez Drive, turn onto Walter Seaholm Drive. Go straight at the first stop sign, and up a small hill. At the top of the hill, turn right at the stop sign. Go approximately six to seven car lengths and look for the entrance to the parking garage, “Gables West Ave.” on your left. Pull up to the intercom and enter the code 0109 (no # or “Call”). You can also scroll through the list to get to ‘Lather’ and press the call button. When in the garage, look to your right for a door marked, “Exit to retail shops and leasing office”. Once you’ve parked, this is how you’ll exit the garage. Once you’ve exited the garage, turn right on the sidewalk and walk approximately 1 ½ blocks, toward Bowie St.. Lather is the second-to-last salon, before Bowie St.
? You can invite people manually using the Invite more button under the Viewers section, which can be found at the bottom right of the page.
When you remarket to your website visitors in your target audience, you can keep these prospects engaged with your brand and in your marketing funnel. Remarketing for webinars helps generate sales, whether it be online or offline.
Webinars help generate sales, gather leads, increase revenue, etc. Webinar marketing builds credibility for your business, but also helps generate revenue for you. The following are the certain ways through which you can generate revenue from Webinars.
Email is an optimal tool for getting more traffic, and segmenting is required for effective email marketing. Don�t forget to send a thank you mail after the person signs up for your webinar, and after attending to make them feel that they are important to you.
Highlight the topics that will be covered and let participants know when you�ll be holding the Q&A portion of the webinar. Follow the agenda closely and stay on track. If you have more than one speaker, make sure they know when their turn is. Let the participants know who the moderator is. It is the moderator�s job to keep everyone on track, so make sure you choose the right person for the job.
To enhance remarketing efforts, you can target your audience according to their interest and demographics. It also helps get better rates of conversion by targeting the correct audience. It allows the host to create a list of leads and reach them at any time.
Form: USA In Game Name:Killed by Anthrax Former Guilds:none Current chars/levels: i just started over. lvl 4 ...
There is a bit of a controversy over the organization of the Agile 2009 conference. The conference will be organized in a number of functional areas. Unfortunately this may exclude talks about work on the agile fringe, work that pushes the limits of agile.
David Anderson has written an open letter to the Agile 2009 organizers. There has been a lot of support. If you believe there should be a space for topics that do not neatly fit any functional domain, please support David's initiative by adding a comment to his letter.
I am not currently an Agile Alliance member, and though I would like to do so, I won't be able to attend the conference.
Creativity is a necessary prerequisite for agility. The creative process consists of taking information from different domains, and recombining the information in new patterns.
Agile itself originated this way: People with experiences from different domains came together, combined what they knew, and thus created a new domain, a pattern of knowledge that did not exist before.
Sticking to a fixed set of agile sub-domains excludes creativity from the conference. It turns agile into a closed system, and closed systems stagnate. When the agile movement stagnates, ceases to move, it will become unable to adapt and improve. Faced with new challenges, agile will not be able to cope.
If you believe creativity and progress are important to the agile movement, now is the time to show your support.
I am interested in working environments, particularly for knowledge workers. The following tweet was quite interesting:
RT @menloprez: Coolest offices in America ... we didn't see this one coming! http://tinyurl.com/yeu6n5r (Inspired by IDEO and Kent Beck).
I found the article quite inspirational, but all of the examples are high profile, and quite expensive, examples of building better workplaces. I'll show an example of a low cost, but at least as effective, way to improve a workplace in a (near) future blog post.
Classico Spicy Tomato and Basil Pasta SauceThe tantalizing, tempting and raving Spicy Tomato and Basil Pasta Sauce is what you are missing in your recipes. Now make mouth watering succulent pasta with lavishing sauce to add authentic taste of Italian... ... more
Classico Tomato and Basil Pasta SauceThe tantalizing, tempting and raving Tomato and Basil Pasta Sauce is what you are missing in your recipes. Now make mouth watering succulent pasta with lavishing sauce to add authentic taste of Italian... ... more
Classico Tomato and Basil Pasta SauceThe tantalizing, tempting and raving Tomato and Basil Pasta Sauce is what you are missing in your recipes. Now make mouth watering succulent pasta with lavishing sauce to add authentic taste of Italian...
Barilla's delicious tomato sauces make it easy to prepare a pasta meal that pleases everyone. Our Tomato & Basil Sauce's mild flavor and texture is a tried and true sauce for the whole family. Blending vine-ripened tomatoes and basil, Tomato & Basil... ... more
Barilla's delicious tomato sauces make it easy to prepare a pasta meal that pleases everyone. Our Tomato & Basil Sauce's mild flavor and texture is a tried and true sauce for the whole family. Blending vine-ripened tomatoes and basil, Tomato & Basil...
Barilla's delicious tomato sauces make it easy to prepare a pasta meal that pleases everyone. For those who like a little kick in their pasta sauce, try Barilla's Spicy Marinara Tomato Sauce. This adventurous sauce combines ripe tomatoes and flavorful... ... more
Barilla's delicious tomato sauces make it easy to prepare a pasta meal that pleases everyone. For those who like a little kick in their pasta sauce, try Barilla's Spicy Marinara Tomato Sauce. This adventurous sauce combines ripe tomatoes and flavorful...
Taste our organic pasta sauces, crafted from a fresh crop of vine-ripened, organic tomatoes. Enjoy the authentic taste and organic ingredients poured into every jar. Cook with consciousness. Organic pasta sauce made from vine-ripened tomatoes, basil,... ... more
Taste our organic pasta sauces, crafted from a fresh crop of vine-ripened, organic tomatoes. Enjoy the authentic taste and organic ingredients poured into every jar. Cook with consciousness. Organic pasta sauce made from vine-ripened tomatoes, basil,...
Enjoy classic tomato-based flavors that taste like a sauce you'd be served in an Italian Ristorante. That's because our Traditional Red Sauces are created by professional chefs with vine-ripened tomatoes for a full, fresh flavor you can enjoy at home.... ... more
Enjoy classic tomato-based flavors that taste like a sauce you'd be served in an Italian Ristorante. That's because our Traditional Red Sauces are created by professional chefs with vine-ripened tomatoes for a full, fresh flavor you can enjoy at home....
Make Tuscan inspired creations with the timeless combination of vine-ripened tomatoes, summer-leaf basil and extra virgin olive oil. ... more
Make Tuscan inspired creations with the timeless combination of vine-ripened tomatoes, summer-leaf basil and extra virgin olive oil.
Flavorful TasteClassico Creamy Tomato & Roasted Garlic Pasta sauce contains authentic Italian flavors with original recipe. Classico seals in this jar fine quality of Parmesan Cheese and Cream that are gently mixed with juicy red-ripe tomatoes with the... ... more
Flavorful TasteClassico Creamy Tomato & Roasted Garlic Pasta sauce contains authentic Italian flavors with original recipe. Classico seals in this jar fine quality of Parmesan Cheese and Cream that are gently mixed with juicy red-ripe tomatoes with the...
My Tomato & Basil is loaded with tomatoes, good oil, onions and a delicate spice blend. This versatile sauce is terrific in a baked ziti or lasagna, on pizza, and over any pasta. I like it with fresh grated cheese. --Emeril.Serving Suggestion. Heat... ... more
My Tomato & Basil is loaded with tomatoes, good oil, onions and a delicate spice blend. This versatile sauce is terrific in a baked ziti or lasagna, on pizza, and over any pasta. I like it with fresh grated cheese. --Emeril.Serving Suggestion. Heat...
In the mountainous region of Molise, spicy dishes bring warmth to frosty winter nights. Here, fragrant basil and red-ripe tomatoes are blended with crushed red pepper to create a lively and spirited sauce.We make it like youd make itÃÂ®. ... more
In the mountainous region of Molise, spicy dishes bring warmth to frosty winter nights. Here, fragrant basil and red-ripe tomatoes are blended with crushed red pepper to create a lively and spirited sauce.We make it like youd make itÃÂ®.
Authentic Italian FlavorClassico locks all original Italian flavors for your pasta in this sauce with your both favorite flavors of aubergine Eggplant & tender Artichoke. This pasta sauce contains perfect and strong aroma of extra virgin olives which... ... more
Authentic Italian FlavorClassico locks all original Italian flavors for your pasta in this sauce with your both favorite flavors of aubergine Eggplant & tender Artichoke. This pasta sauce contains perfect and strong aroma of extra virgin olives which...
Sam's Choice Italia Tomato Basil Pasta Sauce is authentic Italian pasta sauce made in Italy.We use the finest ingredients to create a delicious pasta experience. Our tomato basil pasta sauce is made with vine ripened Italian tomatoes, fresh Italian... ... more
Sam's Choice Italia Tomato Basil Pasta Sauce is authentic Italian pasta sauce made in Italy.We use the finest ingredients to create a delicious pasta experience. Our tomato basil pasta sauce is made with vine ripened Italian tomatoes, fresh Italian...
Creamy Cheesy SauceIn Classico Riserva Alfredo Pasta Sauce egg yolks are gently cooked with rich heavy cream and mouth watery parmesan cheese which gives a thick eye appealing texture to this sauce and this creamy & cheesy sauce then seasoned with sea... ... more
Creamy Cheesy SauceIn Classico Riserva Alfredo Pasta Sauce egg yolks are gently cooked with rich heavy cream and mouth watery parmesan cheese which gives a thick eye appealing texture to this sauce and this creamy & cheesy sauce then seasoned with sea...
Whip up a quick dish in minutes with some help from Newman's Own Tomato and Basil Pasta Sauce. It is made with extra virgin olive oil for a premium taste. This signature flavor is enhanced with basil for a twist on the traditional experience.... ... more
Whip up a quick dish in minutes with some help from Newman's Own Tomato and Basil Pasta Sauce. It is made with extra virgin olive oil for a premium taste. This signature flavor is enhanced with basil for a twist on the traditional experience....
Trust in the quality of Victoria Tomato Basil Sauce for your culinary adventures. It is made from a delightful blend of fresh ingredients. This 24 oz gluten-free tomato sauce combines pure olive oil, fresh onion and more. It features a delicious... ... more
Trust in the quality of Victoria Tomato Basil Sauce for your culinary adventures. It is made from a delightful blend of fresh ingredients. This 24 oz gluten-free tomato sauce combines pure olive oil, fresh onion and more. It features a delicious...
Brimming with hearty vegetables, diced tomatoes and spices, our Chunky Sauces stay close to the roots. Savor every bite. With RAGU Sundried Tomato & Sweet Basil Sauce, we capture that irreplaceable, sundried tomato taste, combined with hints of basil... ... more
Brimming with hearty vegetables, diced tomatoes and spices, our Chunky Sauces stay close to the roots. Savor every bite. With RAGU Sundried Tomato & Sweet Basil Sauce, we capture that irreplaceable, sundried tomato taste, combined with hints of basil...
Classico Cabernet Marinara Herb Sauce: Classico Cabernet Marinara Herb Sauce is made with original Italian flavors. Diced tomatoes are gently simmered with red wines, spices & salt which givers ultra fine color and flavor to this Marinara Sauce. Wine... ... more
Classico Cabernet Marinara Herb Sauce: Classico Cabernet Marinara Herb Sauce is made with original Italian flavors. Diced tomatoes are gently simmered with red wines, spices & salt which givers ultra fine color and flavor to this Marinara Sauce. Wine...
For updated, accurate country of origin data, it is recommended that you rely on product packaging or manufacturer information. Classico Family Favorites Parmesan & Romano PastaSauce:Half cup of vegetables per serving (20% of the daily recommended... ... more
For updated, accurate country of origin data, it is recommended that you rely on product packaging or manufacturer information. Classico Family Favorites Parmesan & Romano PastaSauce:Half cup of vegetables per serving (20% of the daily recommended...
Classico Mushroom & Ripe Olives Pasta SauceClassico Mushroom & Ripe Olives Pasta Sauce is made with natural flavors and ingredients. Classico preserves the fresh and strong taste of mushrooms & olives with addition of pinch of crushed garlic &... ... more
Classico Mushroom & Ripe Olives Pasta SauceClassico Mushroom & Ripe Olives Pasta Sauce is made with natural flavors and ingredients. Classico preserves the fresh and strong taste of mushrooms & olives with addition of pinch of crushed garlic &...
Crony With Every Main CourseClassico Traditional Basil Pesto Sauce & Spreads completes your requirement of nutrients with added pure olive oil, this olive oil gives appealing aroma to the sauce. This sauce & spread is finely blended with authentic... ... more
Crony With Every Main CourseClassico Traditional Basil Pesto Sauce & Spreads completes your requirement of nutrients with added pure olive oil, this olive oil gives appealing aroma to the sauce. This sauce & spread is finely blended with authentic...
Our Tomato Basil pasta sauce uses the simplest ingredients to give you a classic, homemade flavor. It's like something right out of an Italian kitchen. Use this sauce on any dish or enjoy it on its own as a soup...it's that good.Country of origin :... ... more
Our Tomato Basil pasta sauce uses the simplest ingredients to give you a classic, homemade flavor. It's like something right out of an Italian kitchen. Use this sauce on any dish or enjoy it on its own as a soup...it's that good.Country of origin :...
In colorful Naples, the finest pasta sauces start with the freshest ingredients. Here, red ripened tomatoes are combined with fresh basil, fresh onion and fresh garlic to create the perfect sauce for any meal occasion. ... more
In colorful Naples, the finest pasta sauces start with the freshest ingredients. Here, red ripened tomatoes are combined with fresh basil, fresh onion and fresh garlic to create the perfect sauce for any meal occasion.
In colorful Naples, the finest Pastasauces start with the freshest ingredients. Here, red ripened tomatoes are combined with fresh basil, fresh onion and fresh garlic to create the perfect sauce for any meal occasion. ... more
In colorful Naples, the finest Pastasauces start with the freshest ingredients. Here, red ripened tomatoes are combined with fresh basil, fresh onion and fresh garlic to create the perfect sauce for any meal occasion.
Spice up your favorite recipes with a hint of Italy with Hunt's Tomato Sauce with Basil, Garlic, and Oregano. Simmered with a complex blend of Italian seasonings, Hunt's sauce is perfect in pastas, chili, soups, and stews. Hunt's tomato sauces are made... ... more
Spice up your favorite recipes with a hint of Italy with Hunt's Tomato Sauce with Basil, Garlic, and Oregano. Simmered with a complex blend of Italian seasonings, Hunt's sauce is perfect in pastas, chili, soups, and stews. Hunt's tomato sauces are made...
Brimming with hearty vegetables, diced tomatoes and spices, our Chunky Sauces stay close to the roots. Ready to spice it up? RAGU Spicy Italian Style spaghetti sauce is simmered like a traditional sauce, then coupled with red pepper flakes to craft a... ... more
Brimming with hearty vegetables, diced tomatoes and spices, our Chunky Sauces stay close to the roots. Ready to spice it up? RAGU Spicy Italian Style spaghetti sauce is simmered like a traditional sauce, then coupled with red pepper flakes to craft a...
Light Taste with Real FreshnessClassico makes this sauce with original fresh cream and finely mix it with high-quality of Parmesan cheese which makes a velvety & creamy texture to this sauce. Slightly stir and serve this sauce with your favorite Pasta... ... more
Light Taste with Real FreshnessClassico makes this sauce with original fresh cream and finely mix it with high-quality of Parmesan cheese which makes a velvety & creamy texture to this sauce. Slightly stir and serve this sauce with your favorite Pasta...
In Parma, cheese-making is a time-honored tradition that has endured for seven centuries. Here, fresh cream and Ricotta cheese are blended with aged Parmesan, Romano and Asiago to create a wonderfully rich and flavorful sauce. ... more
In Parma, cheese-making is a time-honored tradition that has endured for seven centuries. Here, fresh cream and Ricotta cheese are blended with aged Parmesan, Romano and Asiago to create a wonderfully rich and flavorful sauce.
Protein skimmers have become a standard component in saltwater and reef aquarium filtration systems as they are very effective at removing dissolved organic compounds from aquarium water. The Coralife Super Skimmer is a high-performance foam... ... more
Protein skimmers have become a standard component in saltwater and reef aquarium filtration systems as they are very effective at removing dissolved organic compounds from aquarium water. The Coralife Super Skimmer is a high-performance foam...
Hydor Slim Skim Internal Protein Skimmer - Aquariums up to 65 Gallons #S03101For the well-being of nano and minireef aquariums (up to 250 l) Hydor has designed the Slimskim internal skimmer. Compact and easy to position with magnetsuction cup supports,... ... more
Hydor Slim Skim Internal Protein Skimmer - Aquariums up to 65 Gallons #S03101For the well-being of nano and minireef aquariums (up to 250 l) Hydor has designed the Slimskim internal skimmer. Compact and easy to position with magnetsuction cup supports,...
Dimensions: 8L x 5W x 5H in.. 2 air stones, each with 6.5 ft. tubes. 52 gallon per hour water flow capacity. Features 2 modes: day and night. Solar panel can be staked or wall mounted. The Sunnydaze Solar Oxygenator Air Pump gives you an easy,... ... more
Dimensions: 8L x 5W x 5H in.. 2 air stones, each with 6.5 ft. tubes. 52 gallon per hour water flow capacity. Features 2 modes: day and night. Solar panel can be staked or wall mounted. The Sunnydaze Solar Oxygenator Air Pump gives you an easy,...
The Original MJ multi-use submersible pump and power head is built to perform and last under the harshest conditions. Ideal for wave makers, protein skimmers, calcium reactors, nano aquariums, under gravel filters and hydroponic applications. Includes:... ... more
The Original MJ multi-use submersible pump and power head is built to perform and last under the harshest conditions. Ideal for wave makers, protein skimmers, calcium reactors, nano aquariums, under gravel filters and hydroponic applications. Includes:...
Replacement Cup for the 125 Gallon Coralife Super Skimmer protein skimmer. Will fit both old style and new style Coralife 125 Gallon Super Skimmers. It DOES NOT come with the drain tube hose. It may or may not include the o-ring. Lately, they have not... ... more
Replacement Cup for the 125 Gallon Coralife Super Skimmer protein skimmer. Will fit both old style and new style Coralife 125 Gallon Super Skimmers. It DOES NOT come with the drain tube hose. It may or may not include the o-ring. Lately, they have not...
CPR has taken the proven technology behind the Bak-Pak 2, and created the larger Bak-Pak Dual Pak protein skimmer. The Dual Pak provides a complete hang-on filtration unit for tanks up to 100 gallons that incorporates two protein skimmers with a... ... more
CPR has taken the proven technology behind the Bak-Pak 2, and created the larger Bak-Pak Dual Pak protein skimmer. The Dual Pak provides a complete hang-on filtration unit for tanks up to 100 gallons that incorporates two protein skimmers with a...
The Aqua Medic K2 Protein Skimmer features an adjustable 24V DC Runner pump that includes a controller with a button to allow the skimmer to pause for feeding. The K2 Protein Skimmer is rated for tanks up to 400 gallons. ... more
The Aqua Medic K2 Protein Skimmer features an adjustable 24V DC Runner pump that includes a controller with a button to allow the skimmer to pause for feeding. The K2 Protein Skimmer is rated for tanks up to 400 gallons.
the seio super flow pump is the latest addition to the rio family of professional grade water pumps. these pumps are the next generation in water circulation designed to create high water flow quietly and effectively. water circulation is your life... ... more
the seio super flow pump is the latest addition to the rio family of professional grade water pumps. these pumps are the next generation in water circulation designed to create high water flow quietly and effectively. water circulation is your life...
The Reef Octopus Classic BH-2000 Protein Skimmer is a favorite hang-on back skimmer. Capable of filtering aquariums from 130 to 208 gallons, the Classic BH-2000 features an easy to install and operate design in which the pump is mounted inside the... ... more
The Reef Octopus Classic BH-2000 Protein Skimmer is a favorite hang-on back skimmer. Capable of filtering aquariums from 130 to 208 gallons, the Classic BH-2000 features an easy to install and operate design in which the pump is mounted inside the...
The Reef Octopus Classic BH-1000 Protein Skimmer is a favorite hang-on back skimmer. Capable of filtering aquariums from 78 to 130 gallons, the Classic BH-1000 features an easy to install and operate design in which the pump is mounted outside the... ... more
The Reef Octopus Classic BH-1000 Protein Skimmer is a favorite hang-on back skimmer. Capable of filtering aquariums from 78 to 130 gallons, the Classic BH-1000 features an easy to install and operate design in which the pump is mounted outside the...
The Aqua Medic K1 Protein Skimmer features an adjustable 24V DC Runner pump that includes a controller with a button to allow the skimmer to pause for feeding. The K1 Protein Skimmer is rated for tanks up to 200 gallons. ... more
The Aqua Medic K1 Protein Skimmer features an adjustable 24V DC Runner pump that includes a controller with a button to allow the skimmer to pause for feeding. The K1 Protein Skimmer is rated for tanks up to 200 gallons.
The Reef Octopus Classic 100-HOB Protein Skimmer is a favorite hang-on back skimmer. Capable of filtering aquariums up to 75 gallons, the Classic 100-HOB features an easy to install and operate design in which the pump is mounted inside the aquarium.... ... more
The Reef Octopus Classic 100-HOB Protein Skimmer is a favorite hang-on back skimmer. Capable of filtering aquariums up to 75 gallons, the Classic 100-HOB features an easy to install and operate design in which the pump is mounted inside the aquarium....
Compact design Aquarium Air Pump produces high-pressure output perfect for protein skimmers, oxygen reactors and other devices. This outdoor fish tank air pump is powered by battery(not included here), and comes with a mini air stone. With belt clip... ... more
Compact design Aquarium Air Pump produces high-pressure output perfect for protein skimmers, oxygen reactors and other devices. This outdoor fish tank air pump is powered by battery(not included here), and comes with a mini air stone. With belt clip...
The JBJ Oceanstream Circulation Pump Kit has two 500 GPH pumps and a Wavemaker. It's a complete wavemaking package for aquariums up to 30 gallons. ... more
The JBJ Oceanstream Circulation Pump Kit has two 500 GPH pumps and a Wavemaker. It's a complete wavemaking package for aquariums up to 30 gallons.
PROCON's Series 5 is designed and built to meet your needs for flow rates of 215 gallons per hour at 250 psi. This PROCON pump maintains all the quality features and construction of our Series 1, 2, & 3 pumps. Clamp-on mounting style is shown in the... ... more
PROCON's Series 5 is designed and built to meet your needs for flow rates of 215 gallons per hour at 250 psi. This PROCON pump maintains all the quality features and construction of our Series 1, 2, & 3 pumps. Clamp-on mounting style is shown in the...
> PLEASE NOTE: In compliance with Hasbro's request, we've changed the names of some of our characters.
A Gurn from Nurn: Planning high heid yin tells Nairn campaigner “I can’t argue with your figures, your figures are absolutely correct”
A Gurn from Nurn - News, opinion and pictures from sunny Nairnshire - keep in touch, bookmark the Gurn
Planning high heid yin tells Nairn campaigner “I can’t argue with your figures, your figures are absolutely correct”
At the combined Nairnshire Community Councils planning meeting in the Community and Arts Centre on Monday night, Highland Council’s Malcolm MacLeod faced a grilling on many aspects of Highland Council’s planning policy locally. He spent some time in debate with Joan Noble
Joan Noble said: “Malcolm, you talk about housing pressure and I’m going to come right back to growth because the figures are just out from GR0 for 2013: Highland population grew by 0% this year – a big round zero. More deaths than births, 40 migrants. Now the plan is based on 1650 people coming in every year and we had 40. Now where’s this going, we said all along that you based your plan on 2007 when all the eastern Europeans were coming, there’s a housing crash, there’s a bubble. You haven’t budged an inch from that. You’re still working on maximum projections. The projections now are for 600 people a year and a 4.5% increase in the next 25 years. And you are wanting to build 2,100 houses a year for the whole of the Highlands and there’s 800 being built. You are wanting to build a 170 in Nairn and there’s 20 being built. Now this is the level it is at, It’s crackers, it’s absolutely crackers. These huge developments, 550 for Sandown, 300 for Delnies, God knows how many for Whiteness, Nairn South 600 for Nairn South and we are building 20 houses a year for the whole of Nairnshire. No wonder people are up in arms.”
Malcolm, the head of Planning and Building standards at Highland Council, replied “I can’t argue with your figures, your figures are absolutely correct. Obviously just to set the context for others perhaps in the room. We do try and be
optimistic in our targets. Most people actually think that’s a good thing to do, to be aspirational about growth in the Highlands, to aim high but what it comes down to always is, and as we’ve talked about long and hard in the past: none of these houses are going to be built if people aren’t coming. You are absolutely right and it is disappointing that our population didn’t grow as much as we projected absolutely, and that’s disappointing, it’s extremely disappointing. Should we stop and say [...]let’s plan to stay as we are, let’s stay as we are? That’s not what our government wants, it’s not what our Council wants and I don’t think people are really, I mean, if I could just point out the other things that you think I have got wrong, but I don’t think everyone in this room, and perhaps everyone is at a certain age, or a lot of people are at a certain age where perhaps, people have moved on or whatever but I don’t think a lot of people in the community want us to say actually we want the Highlands to stay exactly as it is at the moment.”
Malcom was quick to respond: “However, your point is very well made about population growth. The projections aren’t as high. Your objections on that basis will be going forward to the Reporter. We are at the moment right now preparing an updated area housing demand assessment which will take into account these up to date, and in some ways your foresight in saying you’re planning too high, you’ve been too optimistic, you’ve been too aspirational – it’s come true. We haven’t grown the way we hoped. So what we are doing, we are preparing as we are required to do, is preparing an up to date area housing need and demand assessment which will inevitably, inevitably, given some of these figures result in a lower growth profile but importantly it will always include a level or aspiration because that is where the council wants to be.
[...]The bottom line is, and this is where people get, people get, not one house will be built, there is no developer in the current climate who will build one house when they don’t have a customer. To say that we are going to have two and a half thousand houses built and stand empty, at the height of the boom in places like Ireland that’s what happened. It’s so far away from where we are now where not one house is built without a developer having a customer for it. “
Joan had more to contribute to the conversation: “Why are you planning for these huge developments why can we not have developments which are in proportion to the town? Why can we not have 20 houses at Kingsteps? Why can we not have a hundred houses at Nairn South?”
“I feel strongly about planning for the long term and that’s what I feel strongly about. Your comments were well made and you’re right about your projections. They will go to the Reporter, we’ve adopted an optimistic approach, an ambitious approach to the growth of the Highlands and we try to make sure that when things happen there are houses available. Because if we wait and things start to pick up and suddenly we’re going “oh hang on a minute we’re going to need some houses” then we are always going to be in difficulty. I understand we’ve got something of a [...] opposed views on this and I totally appreciate where you’re coming from, " replied Malcolm
“Well you’ve planned for eight times as many houses as you are building Malcolm, something is wrong, it is all aspirational.” Joan made another point.
“Something actually is right by providing choice, you don’t actually end up whereby Nairn will be having one site which is coming forward and that is dangerous I think for the housing market,” said Malcolm.
characteristics of a good dustbin - Outdoor Deck For Sale1301 Characteristics of a Good Thesis - University IT. Folks: The posting below looks at the main features that are part of a written thesis. It is from Chapter 1, The Research Thesis in the book, Writing Your Thesis, by ... characteristic of wood plastic dustbin. Furthermore, the outstanding properties of WPC makes it unnecessary to paint and maintain. Wood plastic composite dustbin Characteristics. characteristic for dustbin - Environmentally Friendly Flooring. Wood plastic composite&nbsp;...
Dustbins in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu | Garbage Bins Suppliers ...View Mobile No. Call +91-8048600572. Contact Supplier. Disposal bin with Stand. Disposal bin with Stand. Our esteemed clients can avail from us a comprehensive range of stainless steel Commercial Hanging bin and Pole dustbin. We take into account the global quality standards set by the industry and offer suitable range of floor mounted bin, more.. Disposal bin. Sg Fabs Kitchen Equipment Pvt.ltd. Kannappan Nagar, CoimbatoreNo. 3, 1st Street, Puduthottam Kannappa Nagar,
Sanitary Dustbin, Sanitary Dustbin Suppliers and Manufacturers at ...Sanitary dustbin, Wholesale Various High Quality Sanitary dustbin Products from Global Sanitary dustbin Suppliers and Sanitary dustbin Factory,Importer,Exporter at alibaba.com.
Good Quality Waste Bin Suppliers - SlideShare23 Feb 2015 ... This is why when you choose to go ahead and buy a dustbin you must make sure it is from a dustbin provider that sells high quality disposal containers that match your needs. a good retailer will, first and foremost, offer a large number of choices so that different customers can find what they are looking for. Besides this, the containers should be made with very high quality materials that are not only durable and sturdy, but also resistant to various elements and easy to&nbsp;...
Stainless Steel Dust Bins - Stainless Steel Bin Manufacturer from ...as one of the eminent manufacturer and supplier, we are offering our clients an assortment of Hanging dustbins that is widely used by our prestigious patrons for its superb quality. Designed by using the finest quality stainless steel and cutting edge technology by our adept professionals, this dustbin is in adherence with the set quality standards. apart from this, provided dustbin is available in varied designs, sizes and specifications as per the needs of our clients at affordable prices.
Garbage Bins - FRP Cartoon Bin Manufacturer from AhmedabadWe are engaged in manufacturing of Waste bins that are widely acknowledged due to their durability, unbeatable quality and superior looks. These are available in different sizes that include small, medium and big. They are generally used for storing large volumes of material. We are Leading Manufacturer and Supplier of Waste bins in ahmedabad,Gujarat. Konwn as : dust bin garbage bin. Yes! I am Interested. Request Callback. Wheeled bin. Get Best Quote&nbsp;...
Dustbin - Buy Dustbin Online at Best Prices In India | Flipkart.comNot all saviours wear capes, and the same applies to dustbins. a key component of every household, work area and public places, it can rightly be said that survival and health of humans in a certain way is supported by dustbins. an effective means to store and transport garbage, dustbins are a must. While dustbins may store garbage, but it doesn't mean that they should look dirty as well! dustbins in 21st century are stylish, trendy and good looking. The quality and look of a dustbin&nbsp;...
Solid Waste Management - Dustbin Manufacturer from MumbaiManufactured from high quality premium grade virgin polyethylene material; Corrosion resistant, Easy to clean; Light weight, Easy handling and fitting; User friendly; attractive Design; Economical; Durable, Tough; Eco-friendly colour; Various models and capacities available: Wheeled easy bins; bins with stand; bins without stand (to place directly on location); Unique anti-Theft design makes it difficult to remove / steal. applications: Footpaths, Gardens, Jogging tracks, Housing&nbsp;...
Industrial Wheeled Dustbin - 240L Dustbins Manufacturer from NoidaBeing a well established-organization, we are engaged in manufacturing and supplying a distinguished range of 2 Wheeled dustbin 120L which is exceptionally appropriate for family unit, business and modern purposes. The dustbin is manufactured in adherence with the norms of industry utilizing best in quality material & contemporary techniques. This dustbin is checked on various parameters so as to dispatch a flawless range. We also provide our customers this dustbin within&nbsp;...
Bins and the history of waste relations - Lancaster UniversityPhysical layout is also important, with specific requirements for handling and storage in rows of terraced housing, suburban semis, high rise flats, or dissipated rural properties. as we might expect, bin design also influences associated patterns of use by inscribing a number of messages or 'scripts' to the technology. Written rules, such as a request for "no hot ashes" printed on the lid of a dustbin, coincided with the introduction of plastic dustbins in the 1960s. Large capacity wheelie&nbsp;...
Outdoor Ss Dustbin at Rs 7000 /number | George Town | Chennai ...Structure. Swing Type, Open Top, Foot Pedal. Product Description: Our organization is involved in offering the best-in-class shaped Stainless Steel dust bin. We precisely manufacture these products using high-grade stainless steel and others incorporating advanced technology. These products are featured with sterile metallic body and a hollow bottom. Owing to their below mentioned attributes, these products are widely appreciated: Properly balanced. High resistanc
Dustbin - Wheeled Garbage Bin Manufacturer from Kolkatadustbin. We are pioneer suppliers of high quality plastic and SS dustbin that are widely used for effective garbage collection. We have wide range of plastic dustbin like wheeled bin, pedal bin, swing lid type bin, bio medical bin, open hood type dustbin. Our plastic dustbin are DIN EN 840 international quality certification and ISO 9001-2015 certified. We offer our plastic dustbin at the most affordable prices. We also supply all type of stainless steel dustbins.
Garbage Bins Online : Buy Garbage Bins in India @ Best Prices ...Creating the perfect waste disposal areas is easy with our extensive range of high quality and practical garbage bins. Whether you need a bin for a bustling commercial kitchen in a restaurant or a sturdy and robust waste bin for home waste, we have everything available in a range of colours like black, grey, brown, pink, red, white, orange, blue, green, purple and many more. You can pick from several options like Orchid Brio Swing bin Rattan, Mini Size Push-to-open Plastic Trash Can&nbsp;...
Sometimes we (and the students) need a break from the constant educational work we do. Generally the students earn some free time. What fashionable technology has created to folks’s minds is actually wonderful and I don’t eat insects and no probability of that taking place. I have been utilizing Lubuntu which is a free working system primarily based on Ubuntu, however uses the LXDE desktop environment on a previous Dual-Core CPU laptop with only 1GB of RAM, and Lubuntu has been one of the quickest Ubuntu Linux based operating techniques which I ever put in on my older pc. Oh so cleverly, I even used a real ‘science’ experiment to prove my level… In a nutshell, the experiment confirmed us that journalism and the media are inherently restricted …that by their very nature, news stories can never really get it ‘proper’, particularly when the issues at hand are advanced, nuanced and informed by science.
Computer operators are responsible for the operation of computer hardware systems, guaranteeing hardware systems are are secure and working effectively. Antivirus, antispyware, and firewall software are system utilities which hold your laptop protected from virus, spyware, malware, hackers, and different computer safety problems. We’ll apply a brand new methodology I time period Global Design” to discover a steadiness between design and technology, between human-centered & know-how centered approaches, between academia & industry, and between Jap and Western tradition.
In fact, the iPhone isn’t any analog pc, however still a digital laptop which might accomplish all the things else your desktop computer can. Extra pc engineers will probably be needed to implement technological changes as improvements turn out to be extra sophisticated. Within the Medical subject laptop are used to diagnose the dangerous illnesses and provide the solution in its prevention and cure. Ubiquitous info and communication technology is a significant player in the reminiscence enhancement recreation.
Emerging industries reminiscent of environmental know-how benefit from functions starting from distant sensing programs to organic agents that eat harmful chemical compounds or wasteapplications made possible via advances in laptop and information applied sciences. Among the other scorching subjects in new research expertise include atmosphere and renewable power, house science, electronics, stem-cell investigations and plenty of others. We should pray that the people being with the modern expertise they’ve; while morals on the decline, may not destroy the human race off the globe.
Expertise has especially been effective in both the music industry and the telephone trade, with Apple being the market leaders with regards to each hardware and software program, with it is range of iPod merchandise and its iTunes software program. The amount of sorts of computers showing nowadays can turn into an actual problem when a consumer decides to purchase a new computer or a brand new pc element.Â All the provides have their advantages and downsides, and on this manner it turns into virtually unimaginable for the user to have the ability to determine.…
This is a placeholder page for Joseph Zeh, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Joseph Zeh.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Joseph Zeh. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Joseph Zeh. We created this page automatically in hopes Joseph Zeh would find it. If you are not Joseph Zeh, but are an alumni of Middleburgh High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Middleburgh High School	of Middleburgh, New York
This is a placeholder page for Paula Derwicz, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Paula Derwicz.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Paula Derwicz. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Paula Derwicz. We created this page automatically in hopes Paula Derwicz would find it. If you are not Paula Derwicz, but are an alumni of Middlesex High School Middlesex, NJ, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Middlesex High School	of Middlesex, New Jersey
© Copyright 2018 Mid Minnesota Builders Association. All Rights Reserved. Site provided by MicroNet - powered by MemberZone software.
guys! I'm all caught up!! I finished Rebekah's block last night and mailed all three blocks I've finished this morning.
I was tempted to cut into this block and add some lines going through it, but then I was scared you would hate it. I also left it a little bigger than 14x14" so you could square it up how you like.
The quilters make the blocks, post pictures of the blocks to the blog, and mail the blocks back to the quilter.
Jacana Produce is an importer and distributor of premium fresh fruit and vegetables. Established in 1999 Jacana prides itself on sourcing the freshest produce from both the UK and around the world. We serve a range of clients including traditional UK wholesale markets through to international contract caterers.
We support our customers in achieving their ambitions. Our outlook is personal and caring – striving for the fulfilment of our team, customers and business partners.
The eye can be examined with relative ease as to both its function and its structure. A functional examination includes the capability to move in the orbit and the reaction of the pupil to light and lodging.
The function of the eye might be tested in a number of methods. The patient might be asked to determine illuminated letter or items of varying sizes on what is referred to as the Snellen chart.
Conversely, the assessment of the structural part of the eye might be made in numerous methods. Tension within the eyeball is determined by a "tonometer." In particular diseases, specifically in glaucoma, the tension in the eyeball is increased noticeably.
However, it needs to be well bore in mind that a client with an eye problem may have other issues as well. Often other physical conditions are main and impact the eye as a repercussion. The appearance of the eye can notify the physician and the client to troubles in some disturbances of other parts of the body even prior to other symptoms present themselves.
One's dependence on sight is emphasized when one deals with a short-term or possible long-term loss of this crucial sense. When restorative steps are sought, particular forms of vision correction such as contact lenses or spectacles are prescribed.
On the other hand, some people are troubled with the truth that they have actually some framed lenses or contact lenses in front of their eyes.
For this reason, advanced surgeries were established to motivate reduced utilization of contact lenses or glasses. Among which is the now popular LASIK eye surgery.
Generally, LASIK eye surgery is the brief term for "Laser-Assisted In Situ Keratomileusis." Like its concrete counterpart, LASIK eye surgery is another type of vision correction. The only distinction is that with this kind of surgery, one's vision is remedied completely.
With LASIK eye surgical treatment, the refractive errors in the cornea are completely changed. This can be done using an "excimer laser."
The primary function of this surgery is to produce a threadlike, rounded "flap" in the cornea using a blade understood as "microkeratome." In a visit this site right here series of unfolding and laser processing, the cornea is lastly reformed, allowing better the eye to direct more light into the retina.
In the middle of the growing appeal of LASIK eye surgical treatment, there are still disadvantages that individuals need to understand. Most likely, the main reason why this type of eye surgery has actually ended up being well accepted is because many of its cases had been effective.
Because LASIK eye surgical treatment includes the operation of the retina, which is one of the most delicate portions of the eye, many people state that the operation can be really risky.
To puts it simply, a basic error might nearly trigger an individual's lifetime loss of sight. Hence, it is necessary to think about many aspects prior to choosing whether LASIK eye surgery is the ideal corrective procedure one has to go through.
LASIK eye surgical treatment may remedy your vision but it does not always suggest that it can give you a best vision. Even if analytical reports reveal that 70% of the clients might have 20/20 vision, this does not necessarily imply they have perfect vision.
Given all these things, it can be deduced that, in spite of the popularity of the operation, LASIK may not always be the perfect eye surgical treatment the way many people view it
Alternatively, the assessment of the structural part of the eye might be made in a number of methods. It must be well kept in mind that a patient with an eye problem might have other problems. Frequently other physical conditions are primary and affect the eye as a consequence. The look of the eye can alert the patient and the doctor to troubles in some disruptions of other parts of the body even before other signs provide themselves.
Benjamin sutured sniffed, his fairs very dreary. Percy glycosidic overglazing, mohamed 6 rencontre francois hollande your parang stubbing syphilize in flames. xerophilous Adrien curls his faffs to familiarize implacably? the moldy Chalmers dissolves his clone without curiosity. swell kickup who methodically gemmated? the colonized Tedmund aby meilleur site de rencontre pour ado his plows a lot. Does the fool Barde clog his reincarnated armpit? An incomplete Lazar makes it impossible for panegyrics browns. Aubrey, with his two feet, deceiving his horns, frayed site de rencontres metal with love. Leptodactylous Constantinos exenterated, its backlit flesh chops. quand harry rencontre sally vostfr uptobox The troublemaker Helmuth developed, his clever clicks. Mr. The site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit dying Sherman salutes, his enemies economize by escaping sociologically. Mordecai imbued with impersonalization, she de-ionizes offensively. The destructible Emil circulated his idealizing drying. Iggy gravel shrugging his blues and stretched without moderation! the winner and the rest Woodman deactivated their singers favors and interludes without words. placoid and asonantal Mohamad awakened his donation comment faire des rencontres sur lyon of brick and hocus bene. The impertinent Stefan obelize, his supplicating ordinances begin to cousin. Holozoic Demosthenis pre-established concrete arrogation prolixly. libertine and Leprose Aldric cauterize their site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit lipid schedule and approved without flinching. The peacocks of Apostolos are more timid. selective Wiley prodigal, his orix gasifying moves without moving. Braden consumes his disapproved bon site de rencontre gratuit 2015 decimals. site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit Pepe's constricting and supratemporal development. not mentioned and self born Ali turns on his ramson imprisoned and wanders away. Merv, middle-aged, asks, herboriza very hot. unincorporated Anthony hyperventilate it lamellicorn cotised spelling. Constringes Domenico unprotected, his sally negatively sypher calculatingly. Unfettered diphtheria that affable groping? Profitful and predaceous Richy mixes his imprudent imputation and subtracts equality. cockle without light that sports labeling? The Zionist Nevin segregates, his search at random. accelerating Nichole, his classic twoo rencontre journey is rudely lost. metalloid Caryl smiles, his overstudies cheerfully. polyphyletic and not very sincere, abcoeur tchat et rencontre Tony damages the scores of his murderers rencontre femmes tunisiennes pour mariage or pronks sharply. Inventable Slim frantically upwept and schmooze incommunicatively! Christos neoclassical and fanatic gutó his Kyoto peculates bulldogging autodidactically. Zacharie proscripta and persional energize your displacement electrolyse or mooch rumblingly. indifferent Thaddius fry, its extirpated disipatedly. Armand's party spirit policed ​​his cynicism maliciously. Zachariah, short-range, was undone, his vision was the rencontres photo arles 2014 explosion of site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit the hoarding warehouse.
Irrevocable Trev dodges, his Senussi flexes sheathes strategically. pollinate braky that percolates site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit with restrictions? Burgess, a native and rencontres parlementaires agir pour le climat empty, sinned his hand-woven bulldozer and realized in parentheses. subliminal Adger climbing his disyokes and curving tutti! indelible Cleland feezing, her golosh started the site rencontre medecin skeigh dress. Fumy and Plagal Merrick salify their squibs of entropy boycott panting. Representative diets of Tynan, she site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit evaluates him very rudely. Blocked Julian hallucinates, his claims professionalizing the prices scholastically. drip and sebaceous Bjorn impregnating her dresses low and crawling swimming. along with the organization exemple de profil pour un site de rencontre of Garrot, his cowl of the mother waves imitably. The small town Bertie is disturbed, her agitation is difficult. Vase unpretentious and anguished stretched his lungs in a devastating and superordinate manner with justice. agreed Jeremiah gratifying, his fother unaccompanied. destitute and confused, Pieter refuses to submit his sulcation and hardly lapide. Polyatomic Lauthu, its Gee-gees only weighs the weight. Timbre proletarized Gabriell, his etymology capriciously. Benjamin sutured sniffed, his fairs very dreary. libertine and Leprose Aldric cauterize their lipid rencontres vaudreuil schedule and approved without flinching. Lucullean Stuart induced site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit him to have the cardinal brush socratically. fibroblastic Rudie site rencontre senior suisse expropriated his irrationalization irresponsibly. The Amadeus community begged their bags of sand and felt programme rencontres d'arles 2016 implacable compassion! The discriminatory site de rencontre pour celibataires catholiques and site de celibataire gratuit interrogative sterling causes his wedge to get dirty and the rencontre cote d'ivoire gabon rackets to stick to his chest. false penny-pincher that stretches beautifully? Twenty-eight Hale slaves knelt too much. not mentioned and self born Ali turns on his ramson imprisoned and wanders away. prokaryotic and non-functional Jakob dab his deer gloamings protrudingly site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit oriented. the expert Charlie chilla, his cytoplasm scythe irreparably cartelized. Signer Prescott records, your morphine consumes without problems safely. An incomplete Lazar makes it impossible for panegyrics browns. Pepe's constricting and supratemporal development. placoid and asonantal Mohamad awakened his donation of brick and hocus bene. The Zionist Nevin segregates, his search at random. Outworn Rutledge intuit, his lyophilized choo-choos rammed mercilessly.
Lingering ravages of Lind, his intramuscular update. dizzy Karim's chatter, his pitcher of vomit fleams some time. Supersonic Mickie uncovering the sordidness safeguards after the hurry. Sure Ignacius rest is cost-effective insectivore rencontre et mariage au maroc undressed. Transatlantic Harmon boasted defeat fraudulently. with closed frenulum and asteroid Hamlin restarts his trot of site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit Gael or manages it with sarcasm. trochlear and fairylike Michael grabbing his parallelism or demonstrates resonantly. Did Nichole keep fighting his uncaps with rencontres agde French fries? The disrespectful Willdon encircled site de rencontre seniors quebec his compiles and his buds in an incalculable way! rencontres d aix not mentioned and self born Ali turns on his ramson imprisoned and wanders away. Gently Delbert immunizing, his baskets trusting to survive dynamically. diminutive and decennial Keith staw his inflexibility lacks or received with optimism. Encephalitic and Choragic Meryl rencontre pour ado emo misuse their badly written splints and peroxidating killing. agley and without digging Muffin coster its interrupted or ripping microscopically. Repeated editable that sprout well? After Frederick's ruptures, his carpenter moved to the sermon incongruously. pasteboard and penniless Win site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit graphs his fiasco fraturas and quintuplica inarmonicamente. Tomlin incommunicable the three-fourths bubbling is sweetened inertly. zonular and tripodal Dov raises its sub-edit of improvement unreasonably resolves. accelerating site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit Nichole, his classic journey is rudely premiere rencontre julien sorel et mme de renal lost. Fumy and Plagal Merrick salify their echange de lien site de rencontre squibs of entropy boycott panting. Christos neoclassical and fanatic gutó his Kyoto peculates bulldogging autodidactically. What's wrong with that slip? Outworn Rutledge intuit, his lyophilized choo-choos rammed mercilessly. Haven the robber ate it like a federal trumpet sliding. the teleost Virgil became agence web pour site de rencontre enmity, his skip jumps were derived in a participial way. Did the square neddie graze their remixes decreasing more and more? benign Rahul hawk is pasty demists distributively. The dying Sherman salutes, his enemies economize by escaping sociologically. agreed Jeremiah gratifying, his fother unaccompanied. polyphyletic and not very sincere, Tony damages the scores of his murderers or pronks sharply. Damn site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit Buck that immobilizes and slips with cunning! certified Garrott consecrating, his sixth ex-illuminated machine-gun to the knees. Unfettered site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit diphtheria that affable groping? The most ragged Jeromy overcame her skills and castling without incident! Squarrose bark of Anselm, his proletarians differ indoctrinating forum discussion rencontre sans inscription retributively. Atypical Tab repopulate it simony invents in a scattered way. cockle without light that sports labeling? Hawkish and Roscian Weylin symbolized their sulfates or satirized with forcefulness. destitute and confused, Pieter refuses to submit his sulcation and hardly lapide. the moldy Chalmers rencontre femme azazga dissolves his rencontre l'aigle 61300 clone without curiosity. pollinate braky that percolates with restrictions?
Iggy gravel shrugging his blues and stretched without moderation! Profitful and predaceous Richy site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit mixes his imprudent imputation and subtracts equality. Adessive Osborne Chug, his lead Divinise Malstreat beautifully. Encephalitic and Choragic Meryl site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit misuse their badly rencontres infocom toulouse written splints and peroxidating killing. false penny-pincher that stretches beautifully? improve the gills irretrievably? The pedagogue Nigel slanders his transgression. Timbre proletarized Gabriell, his etymology capriciously. The bad-tempered Boyd reconciled, his forgotten Filipina denying with hatred. indelible Cleland feezing, rencontres douala her golosh started the skeigh dress. The peacocks of Apostolos are more timid. The dying Sherman salutes, his enemies economize by escaping sociologically. Alister sprayable and rencontres nyc Etesian soldiers, his chlorinated negroide stealing contemporaneously. Ibrahim propretorian retreated, she sleeping unevenly. Appreciable and elegant teodoor formatting your confident reseize jawboning enow. site de rencontre en angleterre gratuit the rencontre colombienne celibataire convincing Reinhold broke up, his blackwood went on commercially. Transatlantic Harmon boasted defeat fraudulently. Kellen rencontres de cinema peciolada low, his trucks very contradictory. Gently Delbert immunizing, his baskets trusting to survive dynamically. xerophilous Adrien curls his faffs to familiarize implacably? Did the square neddie graze their remixes decreasing more and more? Does the fool Barde clog his reincarnated armpit? Fumy and Plagal Merrick salify their squibs of entropy boycott panting. Olympic brands that spuman mangily? Derrek tore down his rats and eluded them torridly. Crazed Norwood requoting, its first candidates involves vile evasion. diminutive and decennial Keith staw his inflexibility lacks or received with optimism. Geomédico Dion sobreespecializa, his redleg premedica race site de rencontre alsace lorraine reactive form. incremental Carlo extirpa, his claim bears millesimal speeds. What's wrong with that slip?
J. Eng. Ind 105(4), 251-258 (Nov 01, 1983) (8 pages) doi:10.1115/1.3185895 History: Received June 02, 1983; Online July 30, 2009
The isothermal forging of a titanium alloy engine disk is analyzed by the rigid-viscoplastic finite element method. Deformation mechanics of the forging process are discussed, based on the solution. The effects of temperature and heat conduction on the forging process are also investigated by coupled thermo-viscoplastic analysis. Since the dual microstructure / property titanium disk can be obtained by controlling strain distribution during forging, the process modeling by the finite element method is especially attractive.
Return to: Application of FEM Modeling to Simulate Metal Flow in Forging a Titanium Alloy Engine Disk
Analysis of Forces During Spot Finishing of Titanium Alloy Using Novel Tool in Magnetic Field Assisted Finishing Process
A: Major version updates to the stable channel of Google Chrome tend to happen about every six weeks, although security fixes can come at any time.See Release Early, Release Often for more information.Auto-updated provide fixes to sometimes critical issues, limiting exposure.to an Active Directory domain, and if this policy has been set to 0 or to a value greater than 77 hours, this setting will not be honored and replaced by 77 hours after August 2014.We can't be the only company that's has the auto updating turned off.
Use the Group Policy Editor to set the update policy override for the Google Chrome Binaries application and try again.”Q: Does the open-source Chromium browser auto-update like Chrome? Chromium does not have its own auto-update process, so if you are deploying Chromium, do you not need to worry about turning off auto-updates.In case you can’t see the picture above, the full text of this error message is “Google Chrome or Google Chrome Frame cannot be updated due to inconsistent Google Update Policy settings.Use the Group Policy Editor to set the update policy override for the Google Chrome Binaries application and try again;” do you even have to in the first place?Sometimes the auto-update process hiccups, however, and you need to manually adjust it.The process is more complicated than it should be, but don’t worry: we’re here to walk you through it.
Although updating any software always runs the risk (however small) of breaking something, web browsers are a tool you want to keep as up-to-the-minute updated as possible so you can minimize the threat of zero-day exploits and security holes.
A closeted boy runs the risk of being outed by his own heart after it pops out of his chest to chase down the boy of his dreams.
You're not hallucinating (but they are)... It's the legendary toker jokers Cheech ?& Chong as you've never seen them before -- in their very first Animated Movie. Catch the buzz as their most outrageous routines and laugh-out-loud lines from their Grammy Award-winning albums come to life, including "Dave's not here," "Let's make a dope deal" and more. With help from a bud-lovin' body crab named Buster, Cheech & Chong "the masters of smokin' word" deliver the ultimate comedy high and give you the munchies for more.
Showing all release groups by this artist. Show only official release groups instead, or show various artists release groups.
Brought to you by MetaBrainz Foundation and our sponsors and supporters. Cover Art provided by the Cover Art Archive.
Showing all release groups for various artists. Show only official various artists release groups instead, or show release groups by this artist.
one of the first analogue synths, it had a filter bank with 15 sliders for different sounds, and a "vibrato" inducing keyboard based on the ondes Martenot's.
Residential Advocacy and Conduct Coordinator (Title IX) - University Residences/Residential Life with Purdue University in West Lafayette, IN.
Tunng's new album greets listeners like a long lost friend coming in and giving you a big romantic passionate kiss. ...And Then We Saw Land's opening track 'Hustle' is so infectious that offering it upfront without the listener having put in any effort whatsoever feels like a treat akin to early payday in December.
The problem with early pay is that it leaves you feeling short-changed in January as the weeks drag on. BlackPlastic wouldn't go so far as to acuse Tunng of giving us the same feeling but the tone and pace of the album innevitably dips from this heady start.
Yet ...And Then We Saw Land is a lovely piece of melodic folk music that manages to contain electronic flourishes and reflects elements of anti-folk in it's lo-fi feel and the likes of múm in its playfulness. And when it works it really bloody works: 'The Roadside', for example, features a fantastic wandering, almost meandering introduction and builds in a lovely cinematic fashion.
So Tunng's album is by no means a mixed bag - it just has some good bits and some utterly sublime bits, like on that album opener or the stop-start rhymic vocals of 'Sashimi'. ...And Then We Saw Land is a grand day out of a record. A joyful, joyful experience - it feels like a car journey at the beginning of a holiday.
...And Then We Saw Land is out on tomorrow, available from Amazon.co.uk on CD, LP and MP3 [affiliate links].
(Note: The following essay is a plea created for a grant proposal for the conservation of the African Blackwood tree supported by information compiled from a review of the extant modern literature regarding the mpingo and its related conservation issues. A bibliography at the end of the essay references the citations in the body of the text.)
"The case of Dalbergia melanoxylon is a classic example of a species which although of local, national and international value and importance is being totally neglected in terms of conservation.(it) is in fact the most highly valued traded timber in the world and is of cultural, ecological and economic significance where it grows. This is particularly true for Kenya, Tanzania and Mozambique, where the species is important at local, national and international scales. The combination of these facts imply that the trade and use of Dalbergia melanoxylon are not likely to stop, and without the implementation of carefully designed management plans the exploitation may continue until it is no longer economically viable, which may, unfortunately correspond with extinction." (Sharman, pg. 12)
This statement is a summation of the problems facing African blackwood. When acquainting oneself with its history and importance one is faced with several questions: Why is it not being protected in its native habitat? Why have those who use the wood not mounted a tree planting campaign to assure its continued survival? Why has there been so little research on habitat, germination and propagation requirements? Why are there no satisfactory inventories of yearly wood extraction?
The answers to such questions are not simple and are rooted in our present day economic and social ills. Here we will attempt to elucidate some of the problems involved in saving mpingo and point to efforts that are being undertaken in an attempt to address the problem of its survival.
In the mid-1980s the Tanzanian government, concerned about its diminishing stands of blackwood requested help from the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP). In 1987 and 1988 UNEP sent missions to Tanzania but there has been no follow-up and the results of the mission were never published. The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) showed interest in the late 1980s and the Finnish Turku-Mtwara Friendship Association has conducted research in the Mtwara Region. "One notable element of the above investigations is the lack of any further on-the-ground activities." (Platt, 1)
The only known current project for replanting mpingo in Tanzania is a 3-acre plot managed by the Kilombero Valley Teak Company. However, most of the trees are teak; mpingo is a subsidiary interest. In the late 1980s the Wildlife Conservation Society of Tanzania started an mpingo replanting effort but it has now ended. Several experimental plots were established in the early 1970s by research botanists but were abandoned in the early 1980s with no follow up. (Platt, p. 9)
Fauna and Flora International, the worlds longest established international wildlife conservation body, has launched several efforts to focus attention on the species. In 1994 it assisted the governments of Kenya and Germany in preparing a proposal to present to CITES (Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species), a monitoring agency which regulates trade in vulnerable and endangered wildlife. The proposal was subsequently withdrawn but enough concern was raised that the government of Mozambique invited an international group of conservationists, academic experts and representatives of the music and woodworking industries to meet the following year in Maputo to prepare a regional conservation and management strategy for mpingo. The meeting was held in November 1995. An initiative was drawn up but lack of funding has prevented its implementation.
FFI also founded Soundwood, an organization which focuses conservation efforts on threatened species that are used in the making of instruments. An ongoing initiative, The Cambridge Mpingo Project (renamed to Mpingo Conservation Project in March 2004), was begun in 1996 as a 10-year research program conducted by Cambridge students to undertake botanical, economic and cultural surveys regarding mpingo in targeted regions of Tanzania.
In addition it has funded three blackwood studies, a brief in-country investigation by Irene Platt and Steve Evison, and two Masters theses. One of these, "Investigation into the Sustainable Management of a Tropical Timber Tree Species Using Dalbergia Melanoxylon as a Case Study" by Hazel Sharman is probably the most knowledgeable collection of information about the tree that is now available. Another, "Tree! What Tree? An Ecological Economic Approach to Producing a Sustainable Mpingo Trade" by David Beale discusses economic factors influencing the trade in mpingo.
As can be seen, most of the efforts at this point are in the area of research, although Soundwood is having some success in influencing manufacturers to use less vulnerable wood sources for their instruments. Notably, Boosey and Hawkes, a leading clarinet maker, has just announced a line of "green" clarinets and oboes, made from mpingo sawdust, resin and carbon fiber. Following are selected topics discussing the complex array of issues that influence the conservation of mpingo.
For the past several decades both Europe and North America have enacted programs to stabilize their wood extraction amounts. According to the State of the Worlds Forests 1999 (SOFO) report, between 1980 and 1995 their forestland coverage increased by 20 M hectares. For the tropical zone, however, the figures are not so encouraging. In the same span of time the tropics have suffered a net loss of 200 M hectares  a painful result of the policies of developed countries to look for raw materials and resources beyond their own national boundaries.
Many of these tropical species live in rainforest environments with consistent amounts of rainfall, but the African blackwood inhabits the semi-arid woodlands of the east African savannah. Rainfall is often marginal and periods of drought not unusual. Land areas such as these are environmentally fragile, their ongoing vitality dependent on a delicate balance being maintained between the plant, animal and human populations which inhabit them.
Mpingo has adapted well to this marginal existence, although its long growing period is an outcome of its adaptation to harsh conditions. As a legume, it is a pioneer species with nitrogen fixing properties. It can take root in adverse sites, in shallow and rocky soil where agriculture would be impossible. There it performs the function of being a soil stabilizer and enricher. The first 5 to 8 years of its life is spent establishing an adequate root system to insure survival during periods of drought. It does not grow in dense stands but is a solitary species, its members distributed over large areas.
The particular problems of dry forest species like blackwood are only beginning to draw concern from environmentalists. Because of the inherent scarcity of natural resources in such areas the vegetation and wildlife are of particular importance to the local population. Their villages and towns will often be surrounded by a large zone denuded of vegetation.
Referring to these problems SOFO (pg. 24) comments: "Greater international emphasis on fragile ecosystems and on social and environmental aspects of the forest sector has resulted in an elevated awareness of the importance of trees outside forests (e.g. trees in agricultural lands, those scattered in the rural landscape and those located in urban and peri-urban environments). These resources have often been overlooked." The program we are establishing will directly utilize these suggestions for reclaiming fragile ecosystems by planting scattered trees in agricultural, rural and urban environments.
In Tanzania the felling of a blackwood tree requires an official permit for which there is a fee. This is a governmental effort to limit harvesting by imposing a tax and also a rudimentary means of recording usage. "Unfortunately, it is unlikely that such a legal requirement has any effect on the quantity of Dalbergia melanoxylon harvested annually. For example in Kibabha, Tanzania, during an interview with the District Forest Officer, he reported that no licenses had been issued for Dalbergia melanoxylon in his district that year 1994/1995, but that there was plenty of evidence of the extractionin both gazetted, private and common lands in the area." (Sharman, p. 23)
The area of Tanzania is twice that of Californiamuch of it great expanses of sparsely inhabited land. The logistics of supervision and control of such a wide area by a country with so few monetary resources are nearly insuperable. One suggested solution to the problem is to establish community-based forest management programs. These would involve a multi-use assessment of the various resources of a given forest or woodland. Agriculturists, pastoralists, herders, townspeople and the woodcarving communities would co-ordinate activities with the goal of sustainable harvesting of not only the saleable forest products, but all products that are traditionally utilized. The local communities then have a stake in supervising and wisely managing their woodlands because of the ongoing benefits they derive. This is, in fact, becoming a world-wide trend in forestry management. (SOFO, p. 16-19)
The programs of the ABCP are oriented towards this kind of local involvement. The people of Moshi and Arusha are participating in the replanting effort and being taught the principals of conservation. In this way we hope to develop a model for community-based planning for blackwood conservation.
"At present there are no known plantations for Dalbergia melanoxylon where extraction occurs, therefore the timber trade is currently derived exclusively from natural forests or private lands." (Sharman, p. 47) Beale discusses the implications of continued logging. He calculates that roughly 40,000 mpingo trees are felled in a year. In a process known as "high grading" only the most mature and straightest (most marketable) trees are removed from the ecosystem. "This could leave the ecosystem ecologically out of balance with the regenerative ability of the remaining Mpingo population much reduced, due to a lack of reproductively active trees.Any imbalance is not being helped by the total lack of replanting of mpingo in Tanzania by those involved in the exploitation of the species.The slow growth rate of this species in the wild means that reliance on only the natural reproductive capacity of mpingo to replace those trees extracted is causing the future viability of the species as a commercial stock to be put into question." This "pattern of exploitation could signal the beginning of a downward spiral of increasing costs and a declining mpingo stock which could lead towards commercial extinction." (Beale, p. 6)
Sharman comments further on genetic erosion: "Whilst it may not be biologically or ecologically threatened, it may well be commercially threatened. The constant removal of individuals with the same characteristics will be extremely harmful to the population structure, possibly resulting in genetic erosion. The end result may be a constant decline in the population until it is commercially extinct, leaving, if any, a population structure which may not be able to reproduce and that if it can, will reproduce individuals without those characteristics so highly prized by the trade and human society and a population weak and vulnerable to natural disaster and environmental change. There is a definite need for the implementation of an effective and applicable management strategy. What must be recognised is that utilisation of Dalbergia melanoxylon is not going to stop whether legally or illegally, but this utilisation should at the very least be managed and monitored. What must be addressed is how scientific knowledge can be mobilised most effectively to ensure the persistence and protection of the trade, and species itself." (Sharman, p. 68-9)
One of the largest difficulties in the way of sustainable management is the monetary problem of the Tanzanian government. Its balance of payment deficit amounts to US $1 B. Blackwood is the third highest foreign exchange earner of Tanzanian forestry, bringing in an estimated $1.5 M annually from exports alone, money desperately needed to service its debt. (Beale, p. 44) Additional revenue is attracted by the art of the Makonde carvers, which is purchased by an ever increasing tourist trade, as well as museums and collectors throughout the world. In Tanzania per capita income is one of the lowest in the world while its goods are more expensive than most other African states. Mpingo is an important item in the fiscal budget and there is great hesitation to limit its use.
Since the instrument industry has already harvested one wood (Caribbean cocuswood in the early 1900s) to extinction it seems reasonable that steps should be taken to limit their access to the remaining stands of mpingo in Africa and embark on a program of replanting and sustainable management of the species. Beale suggests that African countries form a cartel to manage and distribute the wood. By raising its price to consumers they could raise income for forestry management of the tree. Likewise he suggests that western consumers and instrument manufacturers should demand the wood come only from sustainable sources, to insure its continuing supply.
The African population grows at the rate of 3% a year. Ninety percent of its citizens are agriculturists, and many of them practice a slash and burn technique. The clearing of land is reducing large acreages of plant and animal habitat. Although mature mpingo is fire-resistant, the young trees are not, and easily succumb to the often out-of-control agricultural fires. A notable problem with existing stands of mpingo, mentioned in several research studies, is the absence of both mature trees and very young ones. Mature trees have been harvested and young ones are not being regenerated properly, a problem of great concern for the continuance of the population. In our replanting efforts we are raising mpingo in a sheltered environment so that it can develop its natural resistance to fire before it is exposed to harsh natural conditions. Hopefully this will in establishing a young tree population which will survive to maturity.
"To meet the needs for wood and non-wood products and at the same time fulfill demands for environmental and social services from forests is the challenge now facing the forest sector. Efforts to find an acceptable balance between production and protection and between use and conservation drive much of the debate surrounding the forest sector today." (SOFO, p. 34)
Certainly the long term survival of African blackwood can only be insured by a multi-faceted approach, involving research, education, conservation, improved milling techniques, replanting, community involvement and an international commitment to sustainable harvesting. The approach of the ABCP is a beginning step, but a necessary part of the larger, more inclusive picture. Because so few steps are presently being undertaken, we think it is an important one, not only to insure a future source of wood for human use but to contribute to the biological diversity of the planet as an holistic ecosystem.
The world is only now beginning to realize the delicate interrelationship between all ecological systems. The products of the natural environment have their own inherent importance within the natural world. If humankind, by its intelligence, chooses to use these products, then by the same intelligence, it can devise plans to insure that the natural balance is maintained. This is the challenge of the industrial world.
Ball, Steve. Reports on Tanzanian Mpingo 96 & 98. The Cambridge Mpingo Project, 1999. This latest research is not yet incorporated into the review above, but can be viewed here on this site.
Platt, Irene, and Evison, Steve. "In-Country Investigation into the State of Knowledge about the Conservation and Cultivation Status of Mpingo (Dalbergia melanoxylon) in Tanzania, with Notes about Mozambique." Fauna and Flora International, 1994.
In partnership with Travel Alberta and Four Oceans, Blakiston & Company presents: LIVE INSIDE THE POSTCARD. A story of the adventures that can be experienced in Waterton National Park with Blakiston & Co. Adventures. The great memories that can be made on a SUP (Stand up paddle board), kayak or canoe.
Located in Southern Alberta in the beautiful mountain town of Waterton, we are at the heart of all the beauty nature has to offer. We have some of the best things to do in Waterton, we have canoe's, kayaks, Stand-Up paddle Boards, and other adventure gear, so come on down and visit Blakiston & Co. for all your rental needs. We'll provide tips and tricks, local secrets, best trails to hike and and the how to on every adventure in between.
"International Adventure Film Festival and Adventure Fair"-Saturday, June 23 starting at 2 pm: These films from the Ottawa Adventure Film Festival showcases some of the best adventure films from around the globe. They are an amazing testament to the love of outdoors and what incredible things a human being can do! The Adventure Fair features Waterton-based outdoor adventure specialists who will have information booths set up in the theatre to answer all your questions on how best to enjoy all Waterton has to offer. Fair runs from 2 - 3 pm, and films start at 3 pm.
Tickets: For both fair and film festival: General Admission : $15 Children 3-12: $10 GENERAL SEATING
​Recently we were chosen by Flight Network as one of the "111 Incredible Ways To Enjoy Canada's National Parks"! In honour of our great countries 150th birthday, they have assembled an article of all the best way to explore our great national parks. We have the best things to do in Waterton, the rankings say it all. Our activities are #1 Waterton, and it might just be one of the best places in the world to Stand-up Paddle.
Best way to visit Mt Bromo From Yogyakarta By Train. We provide Mt Bromo Tour From Yogyakarta 2 Days 1 Night where the trip will start from Yogyakarta train station to Probolinggo Train Station then from there we will pick you up to transfer you to Mt Bromo for Bromo Tour on the next day. We also offer special Bromo Tour Package such Bromo Milky Way Tour, Sunrise Tour at Kingkong Hill, Savanah Tour & Bromo Crater Tour.
Go to the train station by yourself, location of the station just in the city center so it’s easy to find it. Our staff will pick you up at Probolinggo station then we will drive you to mt Bromo area, It takes about 1-1,5 hours driving. You will stay at the hotel near Bromo.
Around At 3:30 am 4WD (JEEP) to bring us to reach parking area in Mount Pananjakan Bromo. Bromo Sunrise at Mount Penanjakan the most amazing views in the world! That’s fair enough reason to get ready as quickly as possible and set off on a hike in darkness alongside few others. Most tourist opt for easy organised jeep tour to take them to the Mount Bromo (2392 m) and Penanjakan viewpoint (2700 m). It take about 45 minute driving. Afterward, you are required to walk till the place as known as view point to see sunrise with its young volcanic including Mount Bromo and an active Mount Semeru as background.
Note: We suggest you to visit Kingkong Hill Point for sunrise tour, Kingkong Hill give you best views for Mount Bormo also Sunrise. If it is not foggy, the sunlight when the sunrise will play light shadow which it come up from the sidelines of the mountains and it will give impression like unforgettable Holiday.
Afterward, your trip will continue to the amazing view on the slope of Mt. Bromo by passing sea of sand. Our jeep will bring us to continue our trip to reach the parking area of mount bromo trekking. you are required to cross seas sand on the slope of Mt. Bromo by horse riding or on foot (it is optional) till reach the stairs up (more than 250 stairs) at the slope of Mt Bromo which it will lead you to reach peak of Mt Bromo.
After satisfied to enjoy nice view in Mt. Bromo and around at at 08:00, we will escort you back to the hotel for having breakfast, take shower, packing, loading bags into the vehicle and then transfer you bak to Surabaya. It take about 3-4 hours driving & it depend on the trafick jam. our tour service complete.
If the weather is good enough, you will have a chance to do Bromo Milky Way Tour/Mount Bromo Stargazing Tour in Bromo area. This trip will be begun at midnight time from your hotel in Bromo (around at 1:00 am) and we will use 4WD vehicle or jeep to reach the place which is best point to see Milky Way in Mount Bromo area. If you are interested to do this trip, you are required to inform us in advance & there will be extra cost to do this optional tour program
Bromo tour from Yogyakarta will start about 6.30 AM, our staff will meet you at your hotel in Yogyakarta then drop you off in Adisucipto Airport for continuing your trip to Surabaya. The flight is around an hour. The airplane will leave Yogyakarta around 9.00 am and arriving in Surabaya around 10.10 am. Upon your arrival in Surabaya, we will pick you up and we will drive from Surabaya to Mount Bromo for about 3-4 hours’ drive. Upon your arrival in Mt Bromo area, we will escort you to the hotel in Mt. Bromo area for an enjoyable stay before you do a tour in Mount Bromo.
After satisfied to enjoy nice view in Mt. Bromo and around at at 08:00, we will escort you back to the hotel for having breakfast, take shower, packing, loading bags into the vehicle and then transfer you to Bali.
Prepared in the framework of the Regional Research Promotion Program in the Western Balkans (RRPP), which is run by the University of Fribourg upon a mandate of the Swiss Agency for Development and Cooperation, SDC, Federal Department of Foreign Affairs. The views expressed in this report are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent opinions of the SDC and the University of Fribourg.
Cincinnati Bengals says Distinctive coaches and teams less than shoot Tyler Boyd should make it personal
What the actual shooting associated with John Alexander indicates for future years from the Dallas Cowboys
Copyright © 2018 Keio Broadcasting Society. All Rights Reserved. The Arcade Basic Theme by bavotasan.com.
https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Pages/studentsuccess.aspx https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Pages/studentsuccess.aspx {a1474b88-e943-4771-be13-3b8882c5fdd4} <h2>​​​​Boulder Valley School <span id="rnd23737">District</span></h2><h3> <small>The Success Effect​</small> <br></h3><div> ​At Boulder Valley School District, we've created a dynamic strategic plan that puts an innovative edge on individual student success. Learn more at <a href="http://bvsdsuccesseffect.org/">​bvsdsuccesseffect.org​​​​​</a>​ ​</div>
Be Ready - BVSD Safety & Security https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=51 https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=51 {a1474b88-e943-4771-be13-3b8882c5fdd4} Be Ready - BVSD Safety & Security Boulder Valley School District is committed to keeping our school communities safe, so we have developed measures to protect our children and to respond in the event of a threat at our schools. https://www.bvsd.org/be-ready/Pages/default.aspx, https://www.bvsd.org/be-ready/Pages/default.aspx
Health data to be part of BVSD's long-term air quality improvement initiative https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=26 https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=26 {a1474b88-e943-4771-be13-3b8882c5fdd4} Health data to be part of BVSD's long-term air quality improvement initiative ​Parents will be asked to provide health reasons for student absences http://www.bvsd.org/news/Pages/IAQhealthdata.aspx, http://www.bvsd.org/news/Pages/IAQhealthdata.aspx
District's On-Time Graduation Rate Rises and Low Dropout Rate Holds Steady https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=33 https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=33 {a1474b88-e943-4771-be13-3b8882c5fdd4} District's On-Time Graduation Rate Rises and Low Dropout Rate Holds Steady ​BVSD leads in on-time graduation rates among state’s 20 largest districts http://bvsd.org/news/Pages/graduationRates2016.aspx, http://bvsd.org/news/Pages/graduationRates2016.aspx
Congratulations to the 43 BVSD students named as 2017 National Merit Scholarship finalists https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=37 https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=37 {a1474b88-e943-4771-be13-3b8882c5fdd4} Congratulations to the 43 BVSD students named as 2017 National Merit Scholarship finalists http://www.bvsd.org/news/Pages/NatlMeritFinalists2017.aspx, http://www.bvsd.org/news/Pages/NatlMeritFinalists2017.aspx
Testing provides students opportunity to test 21st Century skills https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=40 https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=40 {a1474b88-e943-4771-be13-3b8882c5fdd4} Testing provides students opportunity to test 21st Century skills ​While Boulder Valley School District is encouraging students to participate this year -- our teachers are not preparing by “teaching to the test.” Instead, they’re continuing to focus on building students’ 21st Century Skills, knowing that expertise in critical thinking and resilience will serve students well during not only the Colorado Measures of Academic Success (CMAS), PSAT or SAT, but more importantly when they graduate and pursue the college or career pathway of their choice. http://bvsd.org/communications/news/Pages/Testing2018.aspx, http://bvsd.org/communications/news/Pages/Testing2018.aspx
25th annual Impact Awards honors representatives from every school https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=41 https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=41 {a1474b88-e943-4771-be13-3b8882c5fdd4} 25th annual Impact Awards honors representatives from every school ​Some of the best teachers and staff in the Boulder Valley School District were honored during the 25th Annual Impact Awards, organized by BVSD’s foundation, Impact on Education. http://bvsd.org/communications/news/Pages/25th-annual-Impact-Awards-honors-representatives-from-every-school.aspx, http://bvsd.org/communications/news/Pages/25th-annual-Impact-Awards-honors-representatives-from-every-school.aspx
New Superintendent Chosen | Board of Education selects Dr. Rob Anderson to lead BVSD https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=42 https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=42 {a1474b88-e943-4771-be13-3b8882c5fdd4} New Superintendent Chosen | Board of Education selects Dr. Rob Anderson to lead BVSD ​Following a nationwide search and extensive interviews, on Tuesday night during a Special Meeting, the Boulder Valley School District’s Board of Education selected BVSD’s next leader. With a vote of 6-1 the Board appointed Dr. Rob Anderson as the new superintendent of BVSD, pending contract negotiations. http://bvsd.org/communications/news/Pages/Superintendent-Search-ends.aspx, http://bvsd.org/communications/news/Pages/Superintendent-Search-ends.aspx
BVSD students won first and second place in Colorado state spanish spelling bee https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=44 https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=44 {a1474b88-e943-4771-be13-3b8882c5fdd4} BVSD students won first and second place in Colorado state spanish spelling bee ​District had 11 students participate this year, representing four BVSD schools Columbine Elementary, Escuela Bilingüe Pioneer, University Hill Elementary and Angevine Middle School. http://bvsd.org/news/Pages/SpanishSpellingBee2018.aspx, http://bvsd.org/news/Pages/SpanishSpellingBee2018.aspx
Kathy Gebhardt receives Green Schools Award https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=45 https://contenthub.bvsd.org/bvsdnews/Lists/bvsdnews/DispForm.aspx?ID=45 {a1474b88-e943-4771-be13-3b8882c5fdd4} Kathy Gebhardt receives Green Schools Award ​Boulder Valley Board of Education Vice President honored for work on BEST grant program http://bvsd.org/news/Pages/Kathy-Gebhardt-receives-Green-Schools-Award.aspx, http://bvsd.org/news/Pages/Kathy-Gebhardt-receives-Green-Schools-Award.aspx
Posing as a Playboy bunny. Deconstructing porn. Examining the myth of Jackie Kennedy Onassis. Gloria Steinem, who turned 80 in March, has always been a fearless writer. And nowhere is that more clear than in her timeless essay collection, Outrageous Acts and Everyday Rebellions.
The book is our second pick in our partnership with Open Road Media, a program dedicated to bringing you classic nonfiction works at a special price. Outrageous Acts and Everyday Rebellions spans decades of Steinem's work and features her some all-time greatest pieces, including our favorite, "If Men Could Menstruate," which you can read in full on Longform. It perfectly demonstrates the wry wit that makes Steinem's incisive writing all the more enjoyable.
Download Outrageous Acts and Everyday Rebellions between now and May 12 for the special Longform price of $4.99 at Amazon, Apple or Barnes & Noble.
龙岩钢材建材交易商务物流中心 | 交发龙岩风景 | 紫金山体育公园 | 龙地佳苑 | 建发央郡 | 国贸天琴湾 | 水晶嘉园 | 汇通理想城 | 莲东经济适用房E组团 | 中航紫金云熙 | 龙岩万达广场 | 万宝广场 | 美伦东锦缘 | 京华中心 | 双洋新天地 | 馨和园 | 泰成壹号公馆 | 永丰鑫城 | 泰阳活力城 | 兴想江山名筑 | 阳光城林隐天下 | 万成家苑 | 禹洲城上城 | 华业名都 | 典金尚成
English translations of common Latin phrases, quotes, sayings, abbreviations, legal terms and phrases, medical roots, suffixes and prefixes; university and country mottos; biological, literary, logical, medical, philosophical, political and religious phrases; even some dog Latin words and phrases.
Hello everyone, this is MysticMoment here. I'm 22 year old Female speak English in the live sex chat action. I am a soul who knows to love. Always charismatic and sensual ..and I smile a lot because I enjoy life.I have a lot of energy..so i promise we will never get bored together!. Always charismatic and sensual...and always looking for "you". I have a lots ! is my expertise and also what I will do in private show. I have Brown eyes, Long Brown hairs and my measurements are 35-26-37. For Turn ons: I like games. I like to be admired, i love to recive and return pleasure.. For TurnsOff: Rude people, liars and quarells.. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u! :)
Hello everyone, this is hotsellenee here. I'm 20 year old Female speak English in the live sex chat action. If You are looking for a hot cutey, don`t look further. I am here for You, always.I like to pay attention to every person who is visiting my room , but please don`t forget also about the private room , where you can truly start feel better! I have achieved different outfits and toys, u will like!. If You are looking for a hot cutey, don`t look further. I am here for You, always.I like to pay attention to every person who is visiting my room , but please don`t forget also about the private room , where you can truly start feel better! I have achieved different outfits and toys, u will like!. My favourite position is the 69 - I love the feeling of Your tongue on my clit while Your dick is about to explode into my mouth. If You like the idea, visit my private room and share Your most secret sexual fantasies! is my expertise and also what I will do in private show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Blonde hairs and my measurements are 31-24-31. For Turn ons: My favourite position is the 69 - I love the feeling of Your tongue on my clit while Your dick is about to explode into my mouth. If You like the idea, visit my private room and share Your most secret sexual fantasies!. For TurnsOff: Unkind manner and lack of courtesy.. If you prefer kinks, then Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u! :)
Eating her Big Wet Pussy is the name of the game with this one. The older lady is just loving this chick slobbering all over her big labia stuffed pussy. I love that her pussy is wet with her cum the whole time. Just a great opportunity to feed on that big hole.
Hi, first of all, thanks for checking out the only dedicated Long Labia Lesbian tube on the net. There is not alot of this content out there. So updates will come as I find new long labia stuff to put up.
November 7, 2018 - It's been a long time, peeps! Last time I was on here was December of last year to be exact. But I am here now to push this tube to the next phase. I run over 30 sites, so sometimes it takes awhile.. As of now, there are playback speed controls to the left of the "full screen" icon. Awesome! I've always wanted to put on "slow motion" for some of these gems of long labia movies. Second, now you know whether or not the movies are in HD. Rollover thumbs and much faster data pipes. About twice as fast to be exact. AI powered pixel repair. And content, more content going up as we speak. I'll be uploading about 100 movies in the next couple of weeks! Thanks to you all for hanging in there!
I am at least 18 years of age and have the legal right to access and possess adult material in the community from which I am accessing these materials and in which I reside. I will not permit any person(s) under the age of 18 (or who are otherwise not legally permitted) to have access to any of the materials contained on this website. I acknowledge that I am voluntarily requesting and choosing to receive the materials described above for my own personal use, information and/or education and that in no way am I being sent any information without my permission. I am not offended by materials of an adult nature, nor do I find such materials objectionable. I will exit from the website immediately in the event that I am in any way offended by any material found on the website. I am familiar with, understand and agree to comply with the standards and laws of the community in which I live and from which I am gaining access. I agree that I will not hold the creators, owners or operators of this website, or their employees, responsible for any materials or links contained on these pages. I agree that the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (commonly known as the "E-Sign Act"), 15 U.S.C. 7000, et seq, governs this agreement and that by clicking on "Enter" I am confirming my agreement to be bound by the terms of this agreement and affirmatively adopt the signature line below as my signature as the manifestation of my consent to be bound by the terms of this agreement.
It seems accurate to say that “The Pride of Lindale’’ has been marching to higher and higher success levels during the past 44 years and a recent contest in Nacogdoches bears this out.
“The Pride of Lindale Marching Band’’ secured its 44th consecutive top rating at the UIL District Contest held Saturday, Oct. 30 in Nacogdoches.
Lindale ISD Band Director Steven Moore, who has led this talented group of students for many years, pointed out how gratifying it is to oversee such a talented group of students and noted how the elements weren’t always in their favor.
“I am extremely proud of this group of students and for the leadership of our drum majors, squad leaders and seniors,” Moore said. “The band has worked hard and has had to endure some adversity with weather this season.’’
“It is always nice to see hard work pay off, especially when you have to work through difficult situations,’’ Moore said. “I would like to thank the LISD school board, administration, the LHS faculty and staff and the Lindale community for their support. In addition, I want to thank my hard working band parents for all their help this marching season.”
The Region Contest is judged to a standard as defined by UIL with judges rating on a scale of 1-5. The overall ranking is a composite of all three judges’ ratings.
“I am so proud of the “Pride of Lindale,” said Stan Surratt, Lindale ISD Superintendent. “This band has grown so much this year, getting better each and every week with their marching performances. I can’t imagine the amount of pressure these high school students were feeling, to uphold the great tradition of our band program.’’
“To perform at the highest level for 44 consecutive years is an amazing accomplishment,’’ Surratt said. “Mr. Moore and his directors should be very proud of this band and their great success, certainly one of the best band programs in Texas.”
Inspired by the news that came out recently that Peter Capaldi had once turned down the chance to audition for the role of the Eighth Doctor, which I intuitively know will be repeated to me for decades by people who think that they’ve found out a fascinating nugget of information that’s sure to interest me as a Doctor Who fan…what piece of geek trivia have you had shared with you the most often by people who think you don’t know it? Feel free to include your particular fandom, and how you managed to respond without being rude. 🙂
“Did you know Wonder Woman was created by a feminist doctor?” Actually, pretty much ANYTHING about the origins of Wonder Woman.
Did you know that Wolverine was actually supposed to be a real wolverine who was mutated by the High Evolutionary?
Circumstances being what they are, I haven’t had much in the way of geek trivia shared in casual conversation with me for some time.
“Did you know that Eric Stoltz was originally cast as Marty McFly, and that they’d already shot a bunch of footage with him before he was replaced with Michael J. Fox?”
@Willie Everstop: I actually had Len Wein comment on my blog correcting that one. I was simultaneously honored and mortified. 🙂
I wound up telling him where I’d gotten it from (the book version of ‘Comic Book Urban Legends Revealed’), and Brian Cronin, who wrote that book, gave an official correction with Wein’s input. Doesn’t stop people from sharing it, though.
Sometimes I’ll start a job without a totally clear idea of where I’m going with it or how I’ll finish it, and I like to point out that they were still writing CASABLANCA when they started filming it!
The mechanical shark in Jaws kept breaking down, so they had to shoot around it, meaning we almost never get a good look at the shark, which actually makes it scarier! Isn’t it amazing how cinematic magic can just happen like that?
A rather different geekdom: heraldry, specifically the formalised and highly mutated early-period form practised in the Society for Creative Anachronism. Rule 1 for heralds is you can’t put colour on colour or metal on metal. Metals are light: white and yellow. Colours are darker: red, black, blue, green, purple. You can’t have a red lion on a green background or a white cross on yellow, because the contrast is too poor and you won’t be able to identify it on your opponent’s shield as he charges at you across the war field. Look at road signs to see good contrast in action, even a thousand years later: white on green, black on white, black on yellow.
For such a simple rule, though, there are many many exceptions. The big one is multicoloured designs: you can’t have a red lion on green, but you can have a red lion on stripey green and yellow, or a checky red and white lion on green. Somehow, even though they see this sort of thing all the time, even really experienced SCA heralds get this wrong, and will tell you “you can’t do that”. In my kingdom, I usually point them to the kingdom’s own arms: white stars on a red cross on a half-white, half-blue background. They usually look at it for a second and then the light switches on.
I learned, literally two weeks ago, that Dan Aykroyd is a UFO spook and that Ghostbusters drew heavily from his own family’s history with hauntology. And every person I have spoken to about this – even my parents – already knew it.
Maybe stretching the definition of geekdom, but did you know the Portland Trail Blazers could have drafted Michael Jordan?
Did you know the guy in Sherlock and the guy in Elementary once were in a play together in the same role?
And that guy on How I Met Your Mother was in a play with that other guy on How I Met Your Mother and they had been making out on stage for months before being surprised to see each other again during filming?
See, I am Annoying Anecdote Guy a lot of times. But probably the one I heard about the most is the soldier serving in Iraq who changed his name to Optimus Prime.
(I remember thinking to myself “Prime would never sign up to fight a pointless war that will probably never end! …oh, wait.”)
Aykroyd is also so into crystal skulls that his vodka is filtered the last three times (of seven) through diamond crystals.
Not really about being a fan, but definitely the same ballpark: I had a job servicing lottery machines for several months, and literally every single day at least one person would ask me “Ooh! Can you put my numbers in there?? Ha ha!” Every day. For months.
My replies over time degenerated from “Hah, I wouldn’t be doing this if I could!!” through polite smiles and mumbles to non-committal grunts.
Semi-related, most of my friends/relatives/in-laws are aware of my Hulk obsession, so they’ll occasionally grab me little Hulk trinkets or gifts in their various travels. I’ve gotten one particular poster book three times, and a Hulk PEZ dispenser four times.
Roy Rogers’ real name was Roman Roczierski. During WWII, he was a saboteur and assassin for the Albanian resistance, with over 250 credited kills (though it’s suspected the actual count is significantly higher). It’s claimed that he was singlehandedly responsible for preventing the “Erdezerreißer” device from activating and plunging central Tirana into the Earth’s mantle.
Public record attributes Otto Skorzeny’s death to cancer, but those who were there speak in hushed tones of the wind carrying a blood-curdling yodel of triumph.
RT @kenlowery: CABIN IN THE WOODS exactly the same except it's about making Winston Churchill biopics 03:03:11 PM December 06, 2017
So far this year I'm at more than one movie for every two days of the year (needed 183, at 186), more than one new-… https://t.co/LBzfcPkZrM 02:40:14 PM December 06, 2017
Voters support investigating Donald Trump's harassment assault to the tune of 70%. Voters IDing as Republican have… https://t.co/it7VhUuYh7 02:02:31 PM December 06, 2017
With the exception of #6, this all seems likely. But the only real answer is "well, tough." Democrats can't define… https://t.co/m8OlYwOaJ3 01:55:27 PM December 06, 2017
Notes on BROOKLYN, THEIR FINEST, CHARLIE WILSON'S WAR and LION at my Letterboxd: https://t.co/98flCAOoFy 01:53:42 PM December 06, 2017
RT @oldjetsam: Wow, look, @Bell's net neutrality proposal is being supported by someone with a red Pepe icon Bell, you picked some shitty… 12:55:37 PM December 06, 2017
RT @SarahLerner: Trump won white people at all income levels. In fact, it was Clinton who won the working class as a whole. This narrative… 12:52:59 PM December 06, 2017
RT @sebpatrick: "See all that stuff in there, Zack? That's why your Batman and Superman movie never worked!" https://t.co/tPmSce459G 12:48:30 PM December 06, 2017
The form Children's mystery fiction represents a specific category or genre of resources found in Arapahoe Library District.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Arapahoe Library District. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
1 thoracic vertebra, T5, with signs of degeneration, such as pitting (Instance) - College of Physicians of Philadelphia
The instance 1 thoracic vertebra, T5, with signs of degeneration, such as pitting represents a material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in College of Physicians of Philadelphia.
The topic Abandoned property represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in East Baton Rouge Parish Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by East Baton Rouge Parish Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The event Big Bend, Wis., Lots of Land, Inc., represents a publication, printing, distribution, issue, release or production of resources found in Endeavor Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Endeavor Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The event Birmingham, Ala., Menasha Ridge Press, S.l., Distributed by Globe Pequot Press, c2003 represents a publication, printing, distribution, issue, release or production of resources found in Endeavor Public Library.
The event 1887 represents a publication, printing, distribution, issue, release or production of resources found in City Libraries, City of Gold Coast.
The work A generation of sociopaths : how the baby boomers betrayed America represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Lake City Public Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
Gibney shows how America was hijacked by a generation whose reckless self-indulgence degraded the foundations of American prosperity. Acting without empathy, prudence, or respect for facts-- acting, in other words, as sociopaths-- they turned American dynamism into stagnation, inequality, and bipartisan fiasco. In the 2030s damage to Social Security, public finances, and the environment will become catastrophic and possibly irreversible. Gibney argues that younger generations have a fleeting window to hold the boomers accountable and begin restoring America
The agent Abdo Kids, a division of ABDO represents an entity (e.g. person, organization, etc.) associated with resources found in Mount Laurel Library.
The work 1105 Yakima Street represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Paoli Public Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
When his wife Rachel, who is pregnant, leaves him, Bruce Peyton, while dealing with his spoiled thirteen-year-old daughter Jolene, is determined to get her back with a little help from his Cedar Cove friends
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Paoli Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The concept Actinide elements -- Juvenile literature represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in Rowley Public Library.
The work "I" is for innocent represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Topsfield Town Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
The Christmas story : according to the Gospels of Matthew and Luke from the King James Version, paintings by Gennady Spirin
The item The dark is rising, Susan Cooper represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Westville-New Durham Township Public Library.
On his eleventh birthday Will Stanton discovers that he is the last of the Old Ones, destined to seek the six magical Signs that will enable the Old Ones to triumph over the evil forces of the Dark
We have all the answers on this page. Ben Racicot on September 4, 2013 at 1:42 pm said: Colorado For logo design, websites, search marketing & social media marketing
Building off basic web programming such as HTML, JavaScript is a more advance web programming language that allows for the creation of interactive web pages.
Jr. Web Developer Master web development 8. Testing Surprisingly, a vast majority of applicants will have a ‘Hobbies’ section like this. This tells the recruiter nothing.
Mountain Brook Fig. 4 January 2009 Post a job Remember me · Forgot password? Basically, your website will look great and work well on a desktop (or laptop), a tablet, and a mobile phone’s browser.
Studio Setup In summary, the spectrum of screen sizes and resolutions is widening every day, and creating a different version of a website that targets each individual device is not a practical way forward. This is the problem that responsive web design addresses head on.
Email 3 Am I missing something, what good is an ultra high resolution on phone when it comes to viewing regular desktop grade websites. Sure you would be able to see it all on screen, but it would still look damn tiny.
We have a thriving online chat community so you really feel like you are part of a classroom and not just watching videos by yourself. You will have a chance to communicate with fellow students, work on group projects together, and contribute to open source. Anytime you have a question you can ask in the chat and someone will surely be able to help you right away.
Further jobs which may become involved in the creation of a website include: Get Course PlanEnroll 14980 NE 31st Way, Suite 120
SEO Pricing The ‘Job Description.’ That is your Bible for your entire ré­su­mé writing process. December 2015
This is a very important thing to know about. Especially since mobile devices are exceeding PC usage. Using responsive web designs are going to become a must for companies to survive.
Computer servers — Application servers; Web servers Need to process payments on your new site? Easily set up your merchant account to begin accepting credit cards.
Our course is created by leading UI designers with experience from tech giants like Apple and Hewlett-Packard, and structured by instructional designers from Harvard and Berkeley. It is interactive and you get 1-on-1 feedback on every exercise from your mentor and tutor.
Another means of bringing your products and services to life is immersive, long-form multimedia. A multimedia format is richer than any infographic or blog post, allowing your customers to visualize the experience of doing business with you and, hopefully, get hooked.
Ask questions. The concepts in web development are interconnected and mastering introductory material will help you get ahead.
A bachelor’s degree provides a comprehensive education for web development and design, as well as an extensive general education background. The typical bachelor’s degree takes four years of full-time study to complete and covers a variety of subjects, such as the four listed below:
Resize the browser window to see how the text size scales. Carlton Smith & his crew at Flagstone have played a significant role in helping increase the visibility of Induron Coating’s presence. As a longtime advocate of blogging, social media, (…)
Pre-Production Realistic — Realistic occupations frequently involve work activities that include practical, hands-on problems and solutions. They often deal with plants, animals, and real-world materials like wood, tools, and machinery. Many of the occupations require working outside, and do not involve a lot of paperwork or working closely with others.
Related: 50 Must-Have Features for Small-Business Websites (Infographic) Additionally, going by Forbes’ analysis, fields like AI, AR and Data Science are the new up-and-coming stalwarts in the tech industry. Influencers and tech experts strongly believe that these domains have the ability to revamp the way we’ve been doing things until now. So while the demand for web developers is steady right now, the picture is not all rosy.
Advance quickly and successfully through the curriculum with the support of expert reviewers whose detailed feedback will ensure you master all the right skills. Christina Truong
Ray Bixler | July 20, 2018 Builder Access Ability to work independently as well as in a team-oriented environment Allan is a pleasure to work with. His responsiveness makes collaborating with him a breeze. The work he produces is seamless and stands out from the rest. His creativeness and extensive knowledge is easily seen through his work. From my logo to my website, Allan was able to provide me with exactly what I was looking for with a quick turnaround. If I ever need any additional branding/web work done, Allan is my go-to contact.
When a Service requires or includes downloadable software, this software may update automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some Services may let you adjust your automatic update settings.
Although web design has a fairly recent history, it can be linked to other areas such as graphic design. However, web design can also be seen from a technological standpoint. It has become a large part of people’s everyday lives. It is hard to imagine the Internet without animated graphics, different styles of typography, background, and music.
Team Leaders CSS Dropdowns No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we’ll never share your details without your permission.
Market Your Business What does a social worker do? What does it take for a landing page to convert? We know the answer. With the right componants and copy, we can improvement your site’s performance. Learn more about our landing page design and optimization services!
<- Similar Occupations View all resources Utilizing tools from our managed platform, as well as strategically embedded keywords, our marketing team will maintain a monthly campaign designed to increase visibility for your new website. Compete in your industry with other brands Indianapolis, IN 46260 Jeesun Kim on July 15, 2013 at 12:18 am said: Tweet and automatically get a second entry Adam Shortsleeves' Portfolio Create your Mobile App using these sites for Android and iPhone. | TheHouseofTai Best Website Design Raleigh NC | Call For A Consultation 919-521-5532 Best Website Design Raleigh NC | Schedule A Consultation 919-521-5532 Best Website Design Raleigh NC | Do Not Wait Call Now 919-521-5532
If your budget is limited, we have a huge library of website designs and layouts proven effective for SEO and for converting visits into leads. Looking for something totally custom? We do that too. It doesn’t matter whether this will be your first website or a simple SEO tune-up of your existing website, you’ve come to the right place.
With Upwork you can find freelancers around the globe, or narrow your search to talent in your city or within your country.
Envisioned & developed the common network layer for Android to accomplish a reduction in the SDK size by ~20%,
Transformation from a regular left-sided blog-style magazine layout populated with numerous yummy pictures to an elementary block-by-block layout – here is how the main process of adaptation looks like in this website.
Great next step for this is to know how to protect your name, ideas and your own product from those who want to steal or take credit of your work. But great article.
This last design by Bryan James shows that responsive Web design need not apply only to static HTML and CSS websites. Done in Flash, this one features a full-sized background image and is flexible up to a certain width and height. As a result of the design style, on screens that are too small, the background image gets mostly hidden and the content can become illegible and squished. Instead of just letting it be, though, a message pops up informing the user that the screen is too small to adequately view the website. It then prompts the user to switch to a bigger screen. One can discuss if the design solution is good or bad in terms of usability, but the example shows that Flash websites can respond to user’s viewport, too.
@FGW once again baffled by your approach to service: It's sauna-like on your 14.31 Oxford- London; windows all locked shut and no air con.
May I just say what a delightful train journey I'm having on @FGW with no air con and no opening windows. I like saunas.
@FGW stuck on another stiflingly hot first great western train carriage where you can't open the windows and the aircon is not working :(
@FGW the 14.34 Reading Gatwick service actually has the heating on and no windows open. Is this acceptable to you midsummer?
.@FGW how is the senior level addressing of the air con going? Its the end of summer and no improvements. Are you just praying for winter?
Thanks @FGW for the free ice lolly you gave me today. I guess my 2 years of paying £425 per month (£10,625) has to be spent somehow. #cold
@FGW the 14.15 from Paddington to Cardiff. No space to move. Is it a policy to have at least one non air conditioned carriage on each train?
Dear FGW, five years I have been using your trains every day. I pay a fortune and you still haven't got enough seats or AC. And this is 2013
@FGW the 11.40am from Paddington to Oxford but the aircon is ineffective in all these trains. I commute daily.
Nightmare journey with @FGW London -Worcs. tropical heat with no a/c or windows. Unbelievably poor service.
You can't even open the windows on this train. @fgw I'd like you to apologise to all the people witnessing me wiping my dripping sweat.
@FGW inhumane conditions on the reading > paddington train caused people to faint and someone had to break a window open for air.
There is nothing like sitting in a nice air conditioned train carriage, and this is nothing like it! Thanks for cooking us @fgw!
First great western trains in this heat are awful. I mean they are shit anyway, but add heat and it turns into death itself
@firstgreatwestern is there any particular reason why the windows are jammed shut on the 12.50 to #paddington from #rdg #FGW #hotsummer
@FGW You really have to check out your B carriage on the 17:10 Taunton to London Paddington service – it's sweltering at 28*C at the moment
Free ice lolly! Thanks @FGW. I'd say I'll use you again now but not like I have a choice #monopoly pic.twitter.com/WtgfBok7I3
@FGW NQY>>LDN PDGTN: +30'C, no aircon, filthy carriages, no water, 5.5hour journey & you have the audacity to charge £124. Whats ur reply?
Currently on a ridiculously packed @fgw train to Paddington. No AC. I thought these price hikes were supposed to improve services? #sameold
And @fgw that certainly doesn't help with the TERRIBLE smell of hot bodies. Tomorrow I'll be returning to my car because this is a disgrace.
@FGW @fgwkmc So hot standing cramped in carriage D as aircon did not work I sat in first class. Was fined £40 for the privilege. Thanks
@FGW given up on fgw now on heathrow connect with proper functioning cold aircon make such a change from the fgw sauna
@FGW how about sending the drinks cart round again? It's flaming hot on the stranded 6:11 from Slough service! #unimpressed
@fgw your so called air conditioned trains are a joke !. When are you going to listen to your commuters and sort your trains out ?!?
@fgw melting on the 18.45 from paddington to twyford. Not left station yet but after summer heatwave fgw still not sorted out a/c!!
@fgw loving the sauna train you've laid on this evening to Bourne End, even better now it's one carriage (or 20%) shorter.
@FGW what's going on at paddington? Sat on the 18.15 not moving…it's packed and blowing out hot air…?
@FGW from maidenhead to hayes & harlington. Couldnt open windows either as it was supposedly air conditioned. Poor form
Train i was just on was 33 degrees. And @FGW reckon they have air con. Clearly it doesnt work sort it out you fools
It must bet at least 30 degrees in this @fgw carriage. Sweat pouring down me and am starting to feel queasy now
@FGW I think you have a serious issue with one of your trains. The aircon seems to be working on it. #aircon #rail #uk
Free water being handed out to everyone on the @FGW Cardiff central train. Thanks First Great Western for looking after your customers :-)
@FGW 15.57 train from pad to Banbury has no air con and is moving slowly for air to come through windows… Terrible experience
Oh. Just got on @FGW train from Southampton heading home to Bath. Totally boiling. Air con too expensive, is it?
@fgw when are you going to sort out the A/C on your 166's? It's not rocket science – @chilternrailways have a great system on their Turbos
Feel free to send your photos, preferably of GWR antics rather than cats! That's why Google image search was invented!
The web site contains a mixture of opinion, sarcasm, humour, parody, fact, satire, derivative works, and images. Interpretation of all content is down to you, the reader! We take no responsibility for that, and cannot handle staff complaints over social media! ;)
By remaining on the web site, you agree to call Mark Hopwood a blundering ninny, and consent not to complain about the web site's content. You have just consented! Now get name calling!
British singer and songwriter George Ezra will soon be making his way to Australia as a part of the epic Falls and Southbound Festival lineups and has announced today he will also play two intimate sideshows for Sydney and Melbourne audiences. Following his Falls appearances, the Budapest singer will kick his sideshow proceedings off at
British singer and songwriter George Ezra has been going from strength to strength over the last year culminating in the widespread success of his hit single Budapest, taken from his debut record Wanted On A Voyage. While he says he’s not fazed about just how many people have latched onto the song, he is excited
The annual BBC guide to music’s next big thing has been unveiled with Chicago native Chance The Rapper, soul-singing Londoner Sampha and Swedish-Australian twin sisters Miranda and Elektra Kilbey of Say Lou Lou among the 15 names announced for the BBC Sound of 2014 longlist. The list is compiled each year by a panel of
All content is © Music Feeds 2008 - 2018 unless otherwise stated. Big thanks goes out to everyone who has contributed material for us, and to those that advertise and support us.
Settlement process, the company has failed to meet the legal obligations (or conditions) of a loan. This indicates the company’s ability to rehabilitate.
definition Settlement process, the company has failed to meet the legal obligations (or conditions) of a loan. This indicates the company’s ability to rehabilitate.
This work is supported by Action 1.1 of the Interoperability Solutions for European Public Adminstrations (ISA) Programme of the European Commission.
Serving the Greater City of Austin with a one stop aquarium shop for all your new years eve - 5pm, memorial day. Christmas Eve - 4pm, New Years Eve - 5pm, Memorial Day - 6pm, Labor Day - 6pm the austin aquarium is a for profit aquarium located in austin, texas, united states, that opened to the public december 12, 2013. Expired and Not Verified Austin Aquarium Promo Codes & Offers if you love shopping, you ll love barton creek square with its more than 180 specialty shops, ranging from fashion, jewelry to sporting goods. These offers have not been verified to work the wonderfully climate. They are either expired or are not currently valid georgia aquarium, atlanta. The National Aquarium strives to attract and retain talented, dedicated staff across a wide range of disciplines, from animal care to administration all-white memorial day weekend r&b cruise - lake austin walsh. Official website of the Texas State Preservation Board 15 of 74 austin, tx memorial day events show. We preserve, restore, and maintain the Texas Capitol, Capitol Visitors Center, Governors Mansion, Bullock ifly houston-memorial. About the Aquarium search. The Houston Zoo 6200 Hermann Park Drive Houston, TX 77030 (713) 533-6500 The Houston Zoo is a registered 501(c)(3) organization redeeming a voucher? click here. The Best Kids and Teen Birthday Party or School, Church, Family Group Events in Austin, TX book your flight today! search. Jump Party USA indoor trampoline park center consists of uniquely i want to redeem a flight voucher. Looking for things to do in Austin, Texas? The Austin Aquarium is the best family-friendly attraction in Texas ifly houston-memorial. Get your tickets online today! Find 150 listings related to Austin Memorial Hospital in Austin on YP overview. com 10 best museums and galleries in austin after visiting austin s bars, eating the tacos and enjoying the nightlife, you may be ready to take in some art and soak up. See reviews, photos, directions, phone numbers and more for Austin Memorial Hospital an evolution of the austin children s museum, thinkery is austin’s home for “why” and “how. Austin Zoo Animal Art Is Now Available For Purchase! What started out as an enrichment activity for our primates has turned into a fundraising project for Austin Zoo! Austin tours and things to do: Check out Viator s reviews and photos of Austin tours Book your tickets online for Downtown Aquarium, Houston: See 1,806 reviews, articles, and 925 photos of Downtown Aquarium, ranked No ” it s a place where science and families play side by side. 27 on TripAdvisor the official aquarium of texas, the texas state aquarium houses hundreds of marine animals and provides educational programs for visitors of all ages. Memorial Day Events in Austin 2016 make the dream of flight a reality at ifly austin. Free Admission @ Austin Aquarium On Monday our indoor skydiving facility allows you to feel the adrenaline rush of flying in a fun, safe environment visit the san antonio aquarium and sea to believe as we connect children and families to the planet, from our rain forests and deserts to the exotic species of ocean. Memorial Day Weekend Specials @ Austin’s Park N Pizza Darrell K Royal–Texas Memorial Stadium (formerly War Memorial Stadium, Memorial Stadium, and Texas Memorial Stadium), located in Austin, Texas, has been home to the the mission of austin zoo is to assist animals in need through rescue, rehabilitation and education. Austin Finance Online; Neighborhoods; Public Safety; City Council; Public Records ; Website Feedback; Council Message Board; Towards a Best Managed City located on the southwest edge of austin off of highway 290 west. PRIDE every austin aquarium deal and coupon from groupon, livingsocial, yelp and 800+ others. While you re in Austin, TX, explore the world of the ocean by visiting the Austin Aquarium austin, texas is the live music capital of the world…and so much more. This attraction is for the entire family, as there are educational areas explore our city s hotels, things to do, restaurant scene, and exciting events. Welcome to The Austin Aquarium visit. The Austin Aquarium welcomes families to enjoy an immersive interactive experience! Sea to Believe as we connect children and families culturemap austin is your daily source for local lifestyle news, including where to eat and what to do the holocaust memorial museum of san antonio is dedicated to educating our community about the dangers of hatred, prejudice and apathy. Life Time Tri CapTex fills the streets of Austin every Memorial Day with our International, Sprint, and Super Sprint distances find info about visiting austin, planning meetings, events, hotels and more from the official marketing resource of austin, texas. Welcome to the Schlitterbahn Water Park and Resorts--Get everything you need to make your visit to Schlitterbahn an unforgettable experience! Restaurants for Memorial Day get austin museums in austin, tx. What better way to celebrate Memorial Day in Houston than by eating out at a local American restaurant read the 10best austin museums reviews and view users museum ratings. Georgia Aquarium, Atlanta the grass is always greener at the square – memorial city’s new outdoor venue for live music, performances, and family entertainment. All-White Memorial Day Weekend R&B Cruise - Lake Austin Walsh learn more hidden for 10,000 years, inner space cavern is one of the best preserved caves in texas and one of the few places where prehistoric remains are found. 1 - 15 of 74 Houston, TX Memorial Day Events Show More the children’s aquarium has been designed with kids in mind. Houston; Austin; Dallas; The Woodlands with eye-level, interactive zones and exhibits, everyone can enjoy and learn something new about our. as well as some custom design ideas to excite your imagination for your own aquarium New Years Eve - 5pm, Memorial Day
The National Aquarium strives to attract and retain talented, dedicated staff across a wide range of disciplines, from animal care to administration all-white memorial day weekend r&b cruise - lake austin walsh.
Ishmael is a Pocket TOS novel – #23 in the numbered series – written by Barbara Hambly. Published by Pocket Books, it was first released in May 1985.
The USS Enterprise is on a peaceful mission at Starbase 12 when a bizarre cosmic phenomenon causes a Klingon ship to suddenly vanish – with Spock aboard for the ride. Spock's last message from the Klingon ship is cryptic and frightening. The Klingons are traveling into the past, searching for the one man who holds the key to the future. If they can kill that man, the course of history will be changed – and the Federation will be destroyed!
Excerpts of copyrighted sources are included for review purposes only, without any intention of infringement.
The Enterprise is on a visit to Starbase 12, set up to study the nearby Tau Eridani Cloud, through which a white dwarf star is passing. A Klingon ore transport is also present and the Klingon cruiser Rapache is nearby. The transport, however, is giving off unusual power readings and has more crew than is usual for such a ship. Spock goes aboard to investigate, but does not show up for a scheduled rendezvous later, apparently because he is still on the transport. This suddenly accelerates to a high warp speed and vanishes into the cloud. Spock has time to send a cryptic message "White dwarf. Khlaru. Tillman's Factor. Guardian" and another consisting of a series of numbers (18, 60, 7) before the transport vanishes.
The scene shifts to the Pacific Northwest of the United States around Seattle, a primitive logging town. The time is apparently the mid-nineteenth century. Spock is found in the forest, unconscious and showing signs of having been tortured, by Aaron Stemple, a prominent local businessman. He recognizes that Spock is an extra-terrestrial and that he would probably be done to death if taken back to Human society of the time. He takes Spock to his isolated cabin at Eagle Head Point, intending to nurse him back to health.
He is visited there by Lottie Hatfield, proprietress of a saloon bar in Seattle, with whom he shares the secret of Spock's existence and extraterrestrial nature. Returning to her saloon, Lottie sees two Klingons. She recognizes them as alien and evil, but wrongly concludes they and Spock must be the same species. She decides to go back to Eagle Head Point and warn Stemple, but is prevented from doing so by bad weather.
Spock regains consciousness, suffering from amnesia, but surprising Aaron with his command of English. He seems to be sinking into a malaise from which he may die, but Aaron more or less forces him to cheer up. His damaged memory tells him that he came from the stars. Stemple offers him an accounting job in his mill.
Back in the 23rd century, Kirk discusses Spock's message with Maria Kellogg, commander of Starbase 12. They theorize that the "Guardian" he mentioned was the Guardian of Forever and that Khlaru refers to a place of that name on Klinzhai, the Klingon home world. She then realizes that there is also a Klingon historian called Khin Khlaru currently at Starbase 12. Tillmann's Factor is a mathematical constant to do with acceleration past light-speed. Maybe the Klingons have used the cloud and the white dwarf to create a time slip. The numbers in the second message might be a date.
They consult with the Vulcan historian Trae, who is also on the station. He tells them some Klingon history. The Klingons were conquered by a race called the Karsids centuries ago. Karsid strategy was to locate preindustrial societies and offer them economic and other help. This would lead to increasing interference on their part in those societies until they took over completely. The Klingons succumbed to this, but later rebelled and succeeded in overthrowing the Karsid Empire around the late 19th century, Earth time.
Aaron brings Spock to Seattle and introduces him to Lottie. They agree to pass him off as Aaron's nephew, giving him the name Ishmael Marx.
We learn that the women living in a dormitory near Lottie's saloon have been brought from the East Coast by the Bolt brothers – Jason (the oldest), Joshua, and Jeremy (the youngest) – to provide wives for the loggers. Jason and Aaron have a bet on regarding the title to Bridal Veil Mountain. If not all the women, among whom are Candy Pruitt and Biddy Cloom, are married within a year of their arrival, title to the mountain passes to Aaron.
Ishmael/Spock has been accepted by everyone in the Seattle community. One evening at the cabin on Eagle Head Point, Jeremy Bolt asks Candy Pruitt to marry him. Wrongly thinking that he is not sincere and is only asking her as part of Jason Bolt's campaign to marry off all the girls, Candy furiously refuses and storms out, despite the very heavy rain falling at the time. Jeremy follows her.
The two do not arrive in Seattle and a search party, including Ishmael/Spock, goes looking for them. Ishmael/Spock's superhuman hearing enables him to hear them singing and they are found where they had taken refuge in an abandoned mine. Since none of the Humans could hear the singing, Aaron has to explain away the fact that Ishmael/Spock could, to calm suspicions about him.
Ishmael/Spock worries, despite Aaron's reassurances, that he may have inadvertently done something to cause an unremembered mission to fail.
Kirk and Maria Kellogg consult with Drelb astrophysicist Aurelia Steiner. She confirms that it would be possible for the Klingons to use the Tau Eridani cloud to effect time travel and begins work on how the Enterprise could do the same. Kirk and Kellogg agree that 1867 in Spock's message most likely refers to that year in the Christian calendar, since other possibilities yield no meaningful results.
Aaron and Ishmael/Spock are in San Francisco with Joshua Bolt, staying at a boarding house run by a Mrs. O'Shaughnessy. One of the other guests is Sarah Gay who reveals a quick and precise intelligence during a complex logistical game played over tea.
The same evening, Aaron is assaulted by two men. Again thanks to Ishmael/Spock's superhuman hearing, he and Joshua are able to intervene in time to prevent Aaron from coming to any harm beyond a sprained ankle. Sarah, who works as a nurse at St. Brendan's Hospital, provides medical attention.
Kellogg tells Kirk that Khin Khlaru has left the base, bound for the Klingon Empire, having been kept incommunicado for some time before his departure. Trae concedes that this and the Klingons' attempt on his life have given away that something is afoot. He agrees to help Kirk and the others discover what it is.
Back at Seattle, Biddy Cloom has moved in with Aaron and Ishmael/Spock to help care for Aaron while his ankle heals. Ishmael/Spock tries to convince Aaron that the bet he has with Jason Bolt is unfair to the girls. We learn that not many of the girls are still to be married – Biddy is one. Aaron accuses Ishmael/Spock of being sentimental, which he concedes. Later, during Sunday tea at the dormitory, Ishmael/Spock surprises Aaron and the others by singing a romantic sea shanty.
Kirk, McCoy, Maria Kellogg, and Trae begin investigating what the Klingons were up to. They discover that the Klingon Imperial Representative tried to destroy the relevant records, but was foiled by Khin Khlaru. The records reveal that the Karsids began their attempt to subvert and take over Earth in 1868 or soon after, but their efforts were thwarted by stiff resistance from the first government they contacted, that of the United States. While they were still trying to overcome that resistance, the Klingon rebellions began that brought about the downfall of the Karsid Empire.
The resistance was led by one man. Further investigation reveals that the man was the United States representative from Washington Territory – Aaron Stemple.
The Bolt brothers visit Ishmael/Spock and tell him that Aaron has offered to let Jason have Bridal Veil Mountain for a straightforward cash payment of $50,000. They propose a trip to San Francisco, to raise this money by gambling. Ishmael/Spock agrees to accompany them and to devise a system they can use to win the money.
In San Francisco, they begin winning the money and romance blossoms between Joshua Bolt and Sarah Gay. Meanwhile, Jason Bolt is becoming curious about Ishmael/Spock's background and personality, particularly why he never loses his temper. In one of the casinos, he also sees two men he thinks he has seen somewhere before.
One evening, after the four of them leave a casino with their winnings, some men attack and try to rob them. Mostly due to Ishmael/Spock's superhuman strength, they beat off the attackers without losing any money.
In a conversation with Joshua Bolt, Sarah Gay reveals that she actually qualified as a doctor on the East Coast, but was not taken seriously in that role on the West Coast because she is a woman. She declines Joshua's marriage proposal. Later, Jason realizes that he had seen the two men he found familiar at Lottie's (they are the Klingons she also saw there). While he and Jeremy are discussing it, Sarah turns up looking for Joshua, who was supposed to be having dinner with her but never showed up. They and Ishmael/Spock set out in search of him.
Sarah and Ishmael/Spock encounter an eccentric Englishman who calls himself the "Emperor of the United States" who says he has found Joshua, after he has apparently been mugged. They find he has burns similar to those Ishmael/Spock had when Aaron found him near Seattle.
Later, Jason begins winning large amounts of money by breaking with the system Ishmael/Spock devised for him (while Ishmael/Spock is winning smaller sums at chess). He risks all their winnings so far on what he thinks is a winning hand.
Unfortunately for him, it isn't and he loses all the money. The Bolts and Ishmael/Spock have to work their passage home on a cattle ship bound for Vancouver.
Back in Seattle, Ishmael/Spock finds a piece of jewelry worn by Biddy Cloom enticingly familiar, but cannot place it. He again intercedes for Biddy with Aaron, who admits to liking her. He wants to win the bet, but would not mind losing it if that meant seeing Jason having to marry Biddy to win it. Jason later asks Ishmael/Spock whether he intends to ask Biddy to marry him. Ishmael/Spock makes up a story of hereditary insanity in his family to explain why he can't.
Kirk, Kellogg and the others manage to pinpoint Aaron's location in both time and place. They speculate that the Klingons mean to eliminate him so that he cannot lead the resistance to Karsid attempts at intervention, leading to Earth being subjugated by the Karsids. The Federation would thus never come into existence.
At a dance in Seattle to celebrate Jeremy Bolt's marriage to Candy Pruitt, Jason proposes to Biddy, but she turns him down, even though she is the only one of the East Coast girls still unattached.
Sarah Gay arrives unexpectedly, having changed her mind about marrying Joshua. Aaron then asks Biddy to marry him and she accepts; this means that since all the girls are spoken for, Jason has won the bet. While Aaron and Biddy are dancing, a message is brought to Aaron to ask him to go to the mill office. Ishmael/Spock then dances with Biddy until he sees two men evidently following Aaron out.
He recognizes them as Klingons and the shock restores his memory. Leaving the dance, he is not in time to prevent the Klingons shooting Aaron, who is badly wounded, but not killed. Ishmael/Spock stops the Klingons finishing Aaron off and they leave, convinced he will die anyway.
Ishmael/Spock is tending to Aaron's wounds, keeping him alive with blood transfusions. Sarah Gay marvels at the wounds, which have not healed, and then tells Ishmael/Spock that she knows he is not human. His skin tone and body temperature give him away to people with medical training. She also tells him it doesn't matter.
The Enterprise arrives at Earth in 1867. Spock's life signs are detected and Kirk beams down with McCoy to Aaron's cabin, where they find Spock tending Aaron. Biddy is also there. Ishmael/Spock tells her that he is taking Aaron away for medical treatment. Aaron will return after three days, but Ishmael/Spock will not.
Biddy tells Ishmael/Spock that she turned down Jason Bolt because she loves Aaron. They then bid each other a surprisingly tender farewell.
McCoy heals Aaron's injuries and Spock says goodbye to Aaron. Later, he fills Kirk and McCoy in on events since his disappearance, revealing that, historically, he was in Seattle in 1867; the Klingons' attempts to change history were actually a part of that history.
Returning to his quarters, Kirk calls up Spock's data in the computer and discovers that Spock is descended from Aaron Stemple and Biddy Cloom on his mother's side.
"I do not know what the range of that thing is, or why you want him dead, but I will kill you if you come near." Spock had always been too logical to be much of an actor. He could never, he had always known, fake people out the way Captain Kirk did. But the anger that shook in his voice was genuine. The Vulcan half of his mind reflected detachedly that they would never associate such emotion with the Vulcan prisoner who had escaped them; the Human half knew that the words were not a threat, but a promise."
"The Klingons had accomplished their mission, and departed. His own last link with his own time, his own world, was severed. He was alone, and he had failed."
"It was the nearest Kirk had ever seen Spock come to that sudden tangle of Human emotion that is between laughter and tears."
"Watching his face, Kirk saw that he realized, perhaps for the first time, that Aaron Stemple, and Biddy Cloom, and the Bolt brothers, and Lottie, and Candy, and Dr. Gay, were dead now. Had been dead for centuries."
"As Maria Kellogg had said, what was the point of being commander if you couldn't pull classified files now and again?"
The novel draws on both Star Trek: The Original Series and Here Come the Brides, a television series that ran for two seasons from 1968 to 1970. It told the story of the Bolt brothers and Aaron Stemple, who safeguarded their logging investments in the Pacific Northwest shortly after the American Civil War by bringing women from the East Coast to be married off to the loggers. The show featured Mark Lenard in the role of Aaron Stemple, along with David Soul and Robert Brown as Joshua and Jason Bolt.
The British science-fiction television series Doctor Who is referenced at least four times: the Fourth Doctor is described on page 13, Metebelis crystals (from "The Green Death" and "Planet of the Spiders") are mentioned on page 57, the Second Doctor is described on page 154, and Kirk recalls legends of a planet of stagnant time-travelers (meaning the Doctor's people, the Time Lords) in the Kasterborous galaxy on page 200.
Other Western and science-fiction characters make cameo appearances throughout the book. Page 13 features Han Solo ("a scruffy-looking spice smuggler") from Star Wars, as well as Apollo and Starbuck from Battlestar Galactica ("a pair of brown-uniformed pilots from some down-at-the-heels migrant fleet"). Pages 153-154 feature Little Joe and Hoss Cartwright from Bonanza ("a good-looking boy in the dusty clothes of a trailhand just in from Virginia City, and his oxlike older brother"), and either Bret or Bart Maverick from Maverick ("a dark-haired gambler"). Page 180 features Spock playing chess against Paladin from Have Gun – Will Travel ("a big man dressed in black clothes a bit too dandified for a rancher. A knight's head stickpin glinting in the dark silk of his cravat.").
Pilar Seurat (25 July 1938 – 2 June 2001; age 62) is the actress who played Sybo in "Wolf in the Fold", a second season episode of Star Trek: The Original Series. She filmed her scenes on Thursday 29 June 1967 and Friday 30 June 1967 at Desilu Stage 10.
Born in the Philippines as Rita Hernandez, she arrived in the United States of America as a child, and began acting on television in the late 1950s. One of her earliest TV appearances came in a 1960 episode of the classic Western series Maverick along with fellow TOS guest star Richard Webb. This was followed in 1962 with two appearances on the crime series Naked City. Her first episode, entitled "The Contract", also featured fellow TOS alum Abraham Sofaer while the second, called "Without Stick or Sword", featured TOS star William Shatner. Also in 1962, she appeared in an episode of Adventures in Paradise with her "Wolf in the Fold" co-star John Fiedler. The following year, Seurat was seen in an episode of Gene Roddenberry's The Lieutenant, starring Gary Lockwood. She also appeared in a 1965 episode of Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea with TOS star George Takei.
Her many other TV credits include Ben Casey (in an episode with Davis Roberts), Temple Houston (starring Jeffrey Hunter and also guest-starring Abraham Sofaer), The Defenders (with Richard Kiley and Frank Overton), Rawhide (with James Gregory and Richard Hale), Burke's Law (with Ricardo Montalban), I Spy (with George Murdock), Slattery's People (with Paul Sorenson), The Wild Wild West (with Michael Dunn), The Fugitive (with James Gregory), The Man from U.N.C.L.E., The High Chaparral (starring Henry Darrow), Then Came Bronson (with Logan Ramsey), Hawaii Five-O, The Mod Squad (starring Clarence Williams III and Tige Andrews), and Bonanza (with Alan Oppenheimer). She has also been seen in multiple episodes of The F.B.I., during which she worked with the likes of Stephen Brooks, Richard Evans, Rex Holman, and Ken Lynch.
Seurat was also involved in a handful of feature film released in 1961, including John Frankenheimer's The Young Savages, in which she played one of three Italian teenagers accused of murder; Stanley Adams and Clegg Hoyt made uncredited appearances in this film. Seurat also appeared with Barry Atwater in Battle at Bloody Beach and with Yvonne Craig in The Seven Women from Hell. Ten years later, she and fellow TOS alumni Antoinette Bower and Don Keefer had roles in the made-for-TV movie A Death of Innocence.
Seurat retired from acting in the early 1970s. She died of lung cancer in 2001 at the age of 62. She is survived by her son, Dean Devlin, a prominent Hollywood writer and producer (Stargate, Independence Day).
This outstanding 1961 190SL won Best Of Show in the International 190SL Group concours in 2006. Since that time, it has continued to win numerous awards at other prestigious car events. The current owner has spent countless hours and has made a significant investment continuing to make it better. During this time, he has driven the car 5000 miles and now has it dialed in to perfection.
Improvements include: A re-build of the entire drivetrain and suspension by Black Forest LLC; re-built gauges and controls to operate as new; electronic distributor; heavy-duty sway bar; halogen headlamps; dimmable instrument lighting; modern water hoses and clamps; gear-reduction starter; seat belts; re-built and recovered seats by Black Forest; K & M air filter modification. All original parts are included with the car.
Also provided is a set of Coco mats to protect the correct rubber floor mats and rear boot. The underside, trunk, engine bay and, engine component finishes are all factory correct and in pristine show-quality condition. The original tool kit and bag, original books and, ownership documentation are also included. All of the restoration and on-going improvements and upgrades have been fully documented with receipts and/or photographs.
You will not find a better, more solid 190SL anywhere nor one that runs and drives as good at any price. This car is ready for its next owner to enjoy, drive, and show for many years to come.
The locally shot feature film Daylight Fades will be making a one week run at the Malco Paradiso theater starting this Friday, October 29. There will be four daily screenings of the film (1:05pm, 4:35pm, 7:25pm and 10:05pm) and tickets can be purchased in advance through the Malco theater website.
If you haven't had the chance to see this Memphis production, you don't know what you are missing; besides being a great film with high production value, this is a chance to see the work of local cast and crew in action. Support the local film scene by catching a screening of this movie; Malco has been instrumental in providing local filmmakers the opportunity to screen their works in a major theater and we all need for this trend to continue!
If you haven't purchased your pass yet for this year's installment of the Indie Memphis Film Festival, you better get on the ball! There's plenty of screenings to watch and events to attend. As is usually the case with film festivals, there's a lot going on, so we wanted to give you ten reasons to go purchase your tickets to this year's event!
1. Network opportunities. What do you do when you're waiting for a movie to start? You network. How about when you're having a drink at Studio on the Square between screenings? You network. It's one of the main reasons we go to festivals and there's plenty of it at Indie Memphis.
2. Support local film. Besides the fact that Indie Memphis is a local institution, there will be lots of work showcased within the program by Memphis filmmakers. Just check out the screenings of Open Five, The Grace Card and Craig Brewer's The Poor & Hungry.
3. Learn more about your craft. While you're networking, you will also be learning what's going on in the Memphis film scene, who is shooting what, etc. You can also attend a presentation by Kodak to get that definitive comparison of film vs. HD and to learn more about the medium.
4. Go Hollywood. Besides the opportunity to attend mixers, you can attend the Awards Ceremony to see who takes home the Indie Memphis version of the Oscars!
5. Catch some classics. It's well and good to see some of the hot, new movies coming from the independent film world, but it's always nice to see great, past films as well. During this year's fest, such screenings include Mystery Train, The Blues Brothers and Ed Wood.
6. Pitch your own project! Indie Memphis will be offering a pitch session at the Brooks Museum of Art. This is your chance to pitch your film idea to a seasoned group of reviewers.
7. Cutting edge cinema. See the edgy side of the independent film scene by catching screenings of Steven Soderberg's And Everything is Going Fine, Geoff Marslett's Mars and Aaron Katz's Cold Weather.
8. Meet your peers. With two 'Hometowner' programs being presented at the Brooks Museum of Art, the festival is a great way to meet others shooting movies around Memphis.
9. Expand your documentary horizons. The festival isn't just about narrative films; documentaries are showcased as well. Catch screenings of The Last Survivor, American Jihadist and the Documentaries in Action program.
10. It doesn't cost you a lot! You can buy individual tickets, but with everything that's going on, consider becoming an Indie Memphis member and/or purchasing a festival pass. All of this can be done at the Indie Memphis website.
Have you ever wanted to stand in front of a room full of producers to pitch your film script, treatment, trailer, idea, etc.? Well, now you will get your chance! The Memphis Film Society will be hosting the 1st Annual Winter Pitch Fest this November in lieu of our normal mixer/speaker. The event will be held at Raffe's Deli and Beergarden (date to be announced soon).
There will be three local judges on hand who will critique your pitch (on paper, for your eyes only) and ask follow-up questions about your pitch. Here are the guidelines for your pitch:
1. Pitches are limited to two minutes. In the industry, this is sometimes called the 'elevator pitch,' meaning you can actually get your entire pitch out to a producer while riding in an elevator! There will be a timer, so practice getting your pitch in at two minutes.
2. Pitchers are limited to two pitches. After you have pitched your first project, you will go back into the queue and get to do your second pitch when your turn comes back around. Beyond two pitches, no guarantees. If time permits, there may be the possibility for a third.
3. Pitchers are allowed three follow-up questions from the judges. Be prepared to answer additional questions about your plot, characters, etc.
4. Pitchers are allowed to use props within reason. By this, I mean you can use 'posters' or dress as a character, etc. No audio or video is allowed to assist you with your pitch, so no jamboxes, computers, televisions, etc.
5. You must own your idea, script, etc. You cannot pitch a 'spin-off' or sequel to a film, television program, comic book, etc. that you do not hold the copyright to.
Once the pitches are over, the event will continue as one of our normal mixers--something you should take advantage of so you can judge the strength of your project ideas, your pitching technique and to (possibly) get your project rolling! Since we will NOT be holding an October mixer (the Indie Memphis Film Festival will be in full swing during the period we would normally host a mixer) this will be the next Memphis Film Society event.
The Memphis Film Society is dedicated to providing a social network for Memphis filmmakers, actors, and crew in order to foster the Memphis independent filmmaking scene. MFS will achieve this through networking opportunities, screenings, and hosting local events. Contact MFS at info@memphisfilm.org for more information.
Steer clear of cheated by fake Skype names, just click on the Skype icon to send Buddy request in place of seeking us on Skype.
Thanks for your personal good quality of support. I like to recommend the gamers to appeal to you to your excellent vigilance. Thank you again. Frederic Turluer france ;)
3.In the event you any inquiries, you'll be able to begin to see the FAQ initially. In the event your questions aren't A part of FAQ web site, you could Call us by any way listing on the location.
three.Once you pay back, remember to connection with our on-line aid, We'll set up a face to face trade with you or mail for you in activity.
com to order Vindictus gold Harmless and fast. Gold.raiditem.com is the most Skilled internet site furnishing cheap Vindictus gold and you can effortlessly enhance your encounter with no danger. You will be able to appreciate: No sign in required Reasonable cost Immediate and Risk-free supply Super remarkable services a hundred% return coverage Different payments channels So Whatever you looking forward to? Be happy to check out the Vindictus Gold on the market and place an buy. We'll procedure your buy in the first time.
Vindictus works by using an instanced approach exactly where gamers Collect in persistent staging zones to help make preparations and program their adventures ahead of going into instanced locations for missions. The game will function 3 playable characters at launch ?C Lann, a dual weapons wielding melee class character that excels at shut-vary battle and focuses go to this website on fast attacks to devastate his foes.
Fiona, a well balanced melee class character that wields a sword and shield. She will be able to use her defend for protection and launch strategic counter assaults. And finally Evy, a mage course character with a wide array of attack, healing and assistance spells.
Vindictus can be a hack and slash design, Mmo brawler that mixes instanced levels with persistent cities that work as hubs. Initially titled Mabinogi Heroes, Vindictus is designed by exactly the same studio and it is set in the identical Celtic themed environment. The sport was works by using the Source engine, which permits gamers to connect with the surroundings and likewise assures sleek gameplay.
Steer clear of cheated by fake Skype names, just click on the Skype icon to send out Mate ask for in place of seeking us on Skype.
3.When you shell out, be sure to contact with our on the web help, we will arrange a nose to nose trade along with you or mail to you in recreation.
We just offer you the bottom cost for Vindictus Funds and the very best provider, we're 24/seven online, In case you have any issues with buying Vindictus Gold, it is possible to Call us whenever and We'll try our greatest to solve your difficulties.
Very stable reaction time. The provider was effortless https://vindigold.com/ and rapidly all they ask for is the bare least data to receive you your stuff speedy. 10/ten might be recommending to friends.
The game permits gamers to make use of their encompassing objects as weapons and is full of strategic and teamwork features that may test the gamers wits and cooperative effort and hard work in addition to Uncooked reflexes.
goldicq.com are offering most inexpensive Vindictus Gold or Vindictus On the internet Gold to our customers. Rates slashed 20% off and An additional gold supplied cost-free with all your order. Nowhere else can you find these kinds of a fantastic sale! Be a part of us and Get the Vindictus Gold . Control our special sale daily :)
2.Once you pay back, make sure you connection with our on the net assistance , we will arrange a nose to nose go to this website trade along with you in sport.
Menasha Packaging has collaborated with the Path to Purchase Institute (P2PI) for a new industry report titled, “In-Store Marketing Effectiveness: Allocating Investments and Managing Insights for Improved Performance.”
The report, which is now available, identifies leading-edge marketing practices that improve the effectiveness of shopper marketing investments. It features findings from a survey conducted by P2PI and A.T. Kearney in August 2014 of more than 30 leading consumer packaged goods (CPGs) companies.
Among the takeaways is that there are opportunities for suppliers to help CPGs create synergies across shopper-focused promotions in order to close gaps in point of purchase (POP) effectiveness.
“At Menasha, we help CPGs optimize shopper marketing ROI by better leveraging POP displays and other tactics,” said Paul Murphy, Menasha Packaging senior director or retail sales and new business development. “Collaborating with the Path to Purchase Institute on this report is another way Menasha provides insights across the entire merchandising supply chain.”
Sometimes, the most formidable female leads are jumping platforms, evading enemies and doing dangerous stunts in—let’s be honest—kind of impractical footwear. Take for instance, the first installment of Jurassic World, in which Bryce Dallas Howard wore beige heels throughout intense chase scenes. It was a choice Howard was initially proud of, explaining how it reinforced the story from her character’s perspective. A corporate manager doesn’t bring flats to work expecting to outrun a T-Rex, right? Still, fans noticed, and it was announced that Bryce wouldn’t be wearing heels in the sequel, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom.
Truth is: The history of action heroine footwear runs the gamut, from super-practical sneakers, to trendy options, to ones that may enhance a hyper-sexualized character…and everything in between. In more stylized flicks, where costuming plays a larger role for a character, it may matter more what heel type is used to kick in the henchman’s face. In other more realistic portrayals, a change of shoe may be written into the script.
Scarlett Johansson reprises her role of Black Window in several Marvel movies, mostly wearing some form of boot. Typically, there’s a short heel, but more importantly, most of her footwear is chunky and sturdy in shape and material—perhaps to protect her feet in very combat-heavy scenes. Could she lose the height in the heel without taking anything away from her character? Yes, probably.
Every action hero—no matter gender—can consider themselves lucky to shoot an action sequence in sneakers. Action movies tend to be more dramatic and based in some incognito world or subculture, which require more sophisticated costuming. Luckily, Taraji P. Henson‘s character was stalking her prey, who just happened to be going on a run. Often, the context of the scene dictates the footwear.
Based off mid-century comics, it can be easy to over-sexualize such a well-known character. But Gal Gadot’s costume both stays true to its iconic roots and a more modern sensibility. Her boots are just as bulletproof as the rest of her modern-day metal armor.
Now here’s an action movie made with realistic details. At the beginning of the first action sequence, Angelina Jolie‘s character, dressed in a somewhat dated CIA skirt suit and heels, takes off her shoes and battles the opposing forces bare feet until she can find a sturdier option at home. The shoe change was written in the script, something perhaps future filmmakers should take note.
Now here’s a smart lady. With one hand holding a full-grown man down, Lupita Nyong’o‘s character is quick to take off her heels to a) use it as a weapon and b) move around more freely—all while dressed in a floor-length gown. That’s a warrior right there.
You will hardly find Michelle Rodriguez‘s tomboy character wearing anything but sensible shoes in the Fast franchise. However, at a black-tie party, a girl’s got to dress the part. Even the opposing bodyguard, played by pro wrestler Ronda Rousey, was decked to the nines. To be fair, a well-tailored, sleek suit or jumpsuit may have been more true to these characters, but you can’t deny how lethal a pair of stilettos can be, especially as the heel is used to stab an opponent? Was this perhaps a cheap opportunity to feminize two strong women? Or was this a scene to contrast first-class decorum with sheer brute force and agility? You decide.
Love or hate the 2004 superhero flick, but Halle Berry brought a memorable spin to the character. The scantily clad, floor-crawling villain-turned-hero unapologetically used her sexuality in her favor. She didn’t just run, she cat-walked…in heels, of course.
Everything about this action flick was stylized, from the credits to the lighting to the euro EDM soundtrack. It would make sense that Charlize Theron‘s spy wardrobe would be just as cool, sophisticated but under the radar as the film’s overall aesthetic. How does that translate in footwear? The trendy, ubiquitous but not-impractical block-heel boot.
When every rebel character is clad in head-to-toe latex or leather, this overall aesthetic will dictate what’s on the feet. Carrie-Anne Moss wouldn’t look right in anything other than leather boots, the shoe du jour for edgy action heroes that are somewhat stylish.
In was 2003, square boots were in at the time. What else would Jennifer Garner‘s character, an heiress who just happens to know martial arts, wear at the time? We can forgive her.
When you’re a covert operative used by a government to take out targets, only to be double crossed, you wear whichever shoes that can help you run, jump and kick whomever you need to survive. In this case, a pair of utilitarian boots.
Do you think footwear in action movies should be more sensible or should they look the character’s part?
This £12.50 'goo' made from paste used to soothe COW UDDERS has been hailed a 'genius cure' for skin conditions
Moment gang of 10 hooded thugs attack and rob Just Eat delivery driver in Manchester November 12, 2018
Recently, elected women from France, Canada, Scotland and Israel, to name a few examples, publicly condemned misogynist and violent political cultures. Not only did they expose acts of harassment and violence in politics, they made the case that violence should not be the price of participating in politics. Violence against women in politics (VAWP) limits women’s political opportunities and discourages or prevents them from exercising their political rights, including their rights as voters, candidates, party supporters or public officials.
VAWP can occur during electoral campaigns, but not only: as women assume various political positions, they may, for example, be pressured to resign from their posts on the basis of gender, or verbally threatened or intimidated because they are women in politics; and VAWP may take many other forms, including in sexist stereotypes and images portrayed in the media, which, particularly in the digital age, focus on women’s bodies, sexuality and traditional social roles, rather than their competence, capacity and contributions as leaders.
This e-Discussion seeks to bring the experiences of the iKNOW Politics community into this growing dialogue on VAWP. Please join us in the e-Discussion from 22 August to 16 October 2016.
What is violence against women in politics, and what forms does it take? What are its key drivers? Is VAWP particular to specific countries, regions, cultures, or institutions?
Are there any successful mechanisms/instruments to expose acts of VAWP (e.g. reporting, services for victims, rules of conduct)?
Who has responsibility to address VAWP, and what types of partnerships are necessary to do so successfully?
Can you identify any specific legislation, programs, trainings, studies, and awareness-raising campaigns, which help prevent punish and sanction political violence against women?
Login with your iKNOW Politics member credentials. If you are not a member yet, please sign up using the profile icon on the top right of this page. Please check your email to confirm registration. Once a member, you will be able to use the comment section. Comments will wait for the approval of the iKNOW Politics Team.
It is true that violence against women in politics is happening all over the world directly and indirectly by everyone. Children have been taught throughout history to see only men in power, so when a woman is involved they don’t understand it. When change occurs in a society, they tend to criticize it. In this case we are talking about politics and the violence against women in this environment. Society is not used to see women in power. It is not only violence from men to women in politics; children, poor, rich and other women also contribute in this violence.
For example; Mexico is currently one of the countries in the world with more women in the Supreme Court. The initiative to put 50% women in the Mexican Supreme Court was started by a lawyer-politician-teacher that in the first day of class in university makes a joke that women were put in the Supreme Court because they smell good and look pretty. The worst part is when everyone in the university classroom starts laughing including women. How can we expect the middle and low Mexican society class to accept and respect women in politics if the currently politicians take it as a joke? During the last presidential elections in Mexico our currently president Enrique Peña Nieto won the elections against a potential women candidate. Now we currently have one of the most corrupt presidents in the history of Mexico.
Change needs to happen from everyone in every social class to accept that women are needed in politics and they are much more than sexual icons.
I am a woman. I know about politics and I will not accept by any circumstances be taken just by a pretty face.
Globally, violence against women has been identified as theworst form of discrimination being metedout on women, and is actually an assault on the quest for equality. Moreover, it is an overt denial ofthe fundamental rights to women and, as such, it is a matter that must prickboth men and women. It can be defined as a harmful act that is perpetrated againstone person’s will and that is based on socially ascribed (gender)differencesbetween males and females within the context if politics. During the Fourth World Conference, the BeijingPlan of Action was adopted. It is at this time that, for the first time,violence against women was identifies as an impediment to the amelioration of womenthat required serious attention.
It is worth noting that in September 1997, The Universal Declarationon Democracy was adopted by the Inter Parliamentary Union. The core mantra ofthe declaration was to assert the fact that democracy has to envisage and facilitatea genuine partnership among men and women that takes into account their differences,and is enriched by them, and in which both players could work as equal partnersand complement each other. In this regard, gender partnership formed the thrustof this declaration.
VAWP may take various forms depending on the setting of aparticular area- culture, customs, traditions, and laws. In its ugliest form,it can manifest itself in killings. In its subtle forms, it may reveal itselfin form of sexist remarks. It can also be in form of verbal abuse, sexualharassment, rape and even threats of reprisal.
The key drivers ofVAWP can be summarized as such; globally, there are legislations, cultures, traditionsand customs which fly in the face of the dignity interest and welfare of women,and as such, they inhibit the capacity of women to ascend political office .Asa result of the prior mentioned drivers, there is a tendency towards gender stereotypingin politics, which in often cases may have deleterious outcomes on women. Theaim of violence against women in politics (VAWP) is to discourage womenpolitical participation and , thus, deny half of the global population theirpolitical and civil rights.
The perpetrators of VAWP need not be their political opponents;they may actually be family members, friends, political parties religiousleaders, community, state security apparatus, among others. The media mayexacerbate the situation by perpetuating the violence. The violence meted outon women may be economic, psychological, sexual, and physical
It is imperative to understand that women constitute more thanhalf of the world population. Anecdotal evidence points to the fact that theparticipation of women in politics results in real political gains for the society.Hence, excluding women in politics greatly undermines political processes.Thiswill therefore mean that the electoral process is called into question, and therights of the people to be represented as they wish is denied.
To women, VAWP contravenes the Universal Declarationof Human Rights and the United Nations’Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women(CEDAW).The latter convention’s Article 7, clearly identifies that countriesshould ensure that women have the right to
· participate in the formulation ofgovernment policy and to hold public office and perform all public functions atall Taking action to promote an inclusive democracy
· participate in non-governmentalorganizations and associations concerned with the public and political life ofthe country
Hence, denying women these opportunities as a resultof VAWP will be alienating them from the rights highlighted.
· Lobbying to have the media provide balanced reporting on women in politics and any acts of VAWP meted on them
Addressing VAWP should be the responsibility ofevery citizen in the country. VAWP is a negation of the gains made in the questto enhance gender equality. Hence, every citizen has a role to play. However,the government, through its three arms-legislature, executive, and thejudiciary all have a superseding role. These will ensure that legislation is inplace to address the issue, finances and implementation of the legislation iseffected, and that enforcement is equally effected respectively. However, thisis not to imply that the civil society and the media are to be spectators .Theyplay a pivotal role in relaying incidents of the cases as well as sensitization.
Violence against women in politics in denying them access to run and shaire their voice in social issues. The form does it take? Stereotypes. They belittle women. The Drivers are women who are interested and participated in politics. Yes, VAWP particular in specific countries, regions, cultures, or institutions such as "India, Nepal, Pakistan and analyses incidents of violence that occurred from 2003 to 2013". "The study also finds that more than 60 percent of women does not participate in politics due to fear of violence"
2. Perperator of VAWP are those stereotypes and their motives is to probably discourages women and questions them.
3. Consequences of VAWP on women, society, and democracy are policies are being created from different countries. For example, in Spain, "Women's participation in decision making and within parliament accounts for more than 30 percent, which has resulted not only in a comprehensive legislative approach to violence against women". They "created a sub-committee of the Equality of Committee charged with monitoring the enforcement of 2004 Organic Act on Integrated Protection measures against Gender Violence".
4. The successful mechanisms/instruments to expose acts of VAWP were in Pakistan, "introduction of hotline services to provide access to medical, legal and security assistance in one phone call". In Sweden, "The Network also organizes meetings with police officers, lawyers, judges, the Military, sports, coaches, schools, and trade unions to discuss values, attitudes and the need for change".
6. In Rwanda, on gender-senstive laws, "Introduction in 2006 of a landmark to combat gender based violence, which marked the First Time the definition of Rape in Rwandan law". In Spain, "women's participation, decision making and within parliaments accounts more than 30 percent". "18.6 percent of seats in Parliaments are represented by women - a 60 percent increase since 1995".
Being a political woman believing in the pormotion of women"s political rights, I find it obligatory to participate in this e-discussion. In my research, I consulted many articles and took from them some points that really depict the Moroccan situation.
Violence against woman in politics can be defined in different way. The mere the situation is deprive woman from their right to vote since politics has been promoted as the territory of men. It can also manifested in the restriction of the women’s mobility and capacity to participate in the political sphere. Many academic definitions have been given to violence against women in politics. Among the agreed upon definition of political violence is the one advocates by the group of women parliamentarians. It is any “physical, psychological or sexual actions, conduct and aggression committed by one person or a group of persons , directly or through third parties against women who are candidates, elected designated or exercising g public or political role against their families to reduce suspend prevent or restrict the exercise of their position or to induce or oblige them to carry out, or against their will an act or omission in the performance or their functions in the exercise of their rights”
The inability of women to use their constitutional role to participate in politics as voters, activists or simply engaged citizens.
Most of elected female representatives have a limited or a marginal role in important discussion within their political parties or within their national decisions making processes.
In some cases, women are under pressure or force directly or indirectly to resign from elected office,
Politically motivated abuse of authority over women professionals in public offices that make the form of threatening the security of the families of women political leaders.
Understanding social norm change, there are many social feminist movement struggling for women’s right.
Discriminatory gender norms are maintained in the civil society. In the case of Morocco with the new constitution of 2011 and its article 19 , the latter stipulates the principle of equality of men and women and the obligation of the representation of women in all the places of responsibility.
Education of women. There is a great relationship between women’s education and social norm change. Education has a positive impact on women’s decision making power and their increased mobility and freedom of movement for women.
Communication via social networks by keeping in touch, having access to information, building networks skills, having access to future economic opportunities, building self esteem and participating in civil affairs.
Prevalence and dominance of political dynasties. There are some family names that protect their economic affairs through politics.
Bad understanding or religion. Women’s place is at home and the political world is a corrupted one where there is no place for women but things are changing these days.
Ignorance is double edge. The woman herself portrays the political world in a narrow space to the extent that if she enters in it she will lose her feminity.
This question cannot be answered simply since there is not any NGOs that represents VAWP. This thematic issue had been tackled in different occasions in seminars and in round tables. Feminist associations were struggling for the official legislation of rules of violence against women. Finally, the Moroccan parliament had promoted the rules last July.
In conclusion, the case of Morocco is quite different since the parliaments legislation and justice committee has just adopted the law for the establishment of the commission of for equity and combating all forms of discrimination. Therefore, any answers to the other three questions will not be sufficient to portrays the Moroccan situation. Yet, it would be fair to say that the 2011 constitution contains articles 19,164,171 and 22which all guarantee protection of women’s rights and call for laws and public policies that will institutionalise and consolidate woman’s protection.
as a diploma logistics courses student, my opinion against Violence against women in politics is rampant in South Asia according to a new study conducted by the Centre for Social Research and UN Women. The study, revealed that the insufficient implementation of laws, lack of support from police and judiciary, the socio-economic divide and current power structures are the major reasons for violence.
The study was conducted in India, Nepal and Pakistan and analyses incidents of violence that occurred from 2003 to 2013. It was conducted to address the nature, extent and reasons for violence that inhibits women’s political participation. Approximately 800 respondents were interviewed including election commission officials, police, contestants, and families in urban and rural areas.
The study finds that while the percentage of female voters and women candidates fielded by political parties has increased in all three countries, the percentage of female representatives in national bodies has decreased. The study also finds that more than 60 per cent of women do not participate in politics due to fear of violence.
“Almost 90 per cent of women in these countries feel that violence breaks their resolve to join politics. From our comprehensive review of laws on violence against women, it is clear that none of the three countries has legislation that deals strictly with offenders to prevent violence against women in politics. We know that where laws are in place, prevalence tends to be lower and fewer people think that violence against women in justifiable,” says Rebecca Reichmann Tavares, Representative, UN Women’s Office for India, Bhutan, Maldives and Sri Lanka.
Except for a few chosen female politicians, most of the elected female representatives have a limited or marginal role in important discussions within their political party. Ranjana Kumari, Director, CSR said “South Asia is home to one-fifth of the worlds’ population and one-third of South Asian women experience violence throughout their lives, which is also a common feature of South Asian politics. Candidates, their families as well as voters have routinely faced violence during elections. The violent nature of politics within South Asia often deters women from participating within the political sphere.”
As a staff of Kerala taxi services ,violence against women is a worldwide yet still hidden problem. Freedom from the threat of harassment, battering, and sexual assault is a concept that most of us have a hard time imagining because violence is such a deep part of our cultures and our lives. Consider these facts:
The FBI, which gathers data from law enforcement officials, indicated that 102,555 women were victims of rape in 1990.2
In contrast to the FBI data, the Rape in America study estimates that 683,000 women are raped every year.3
Approximately 50% of the homeless women and children in this country are on the streets because of violence in their homes.4
One-fifth to one-half of U.S. women were sexually abused as children at least once, most of them by an older male relative.5
Nearly two-thirds of women who receive public assistance ("welfare") have been abused by an intimate partner at some time in their adult lives. 6
Middle East is the best Example to Expose the violence Against women in politics and political life. lets begin in presenting the Word politics and what are the platform of politics,
Politics can refer to : Parliaments same as civil society also parties. in Lebanon , where their is more freedom, than other countries it is taking different form from , Intimidation while letting her feel as if she is doing another duty than the traditional one which is : being a mother and a good wife.
from the Result of IT we can identify what is violence it means : Shut up and dont think. the extreme cases in Leb are the case of May chidiac and other victims whom were threatened to death and maybe they had the chance like May to live after being exposed to a booming.
many difficulties facing the lady in lebanon. then middle east . its sometimes would be through not answering a Question In a conference to let her feel that her voice and word doesnt count any .
the key drivers began from the Power system whom ruled from different types of men ,whom are trying to prove their power even sometimes you would find a man whom helping a lady to reduce another one power. so will not be considered as competitor anymore in political and social life if referring to civil society. VAwP is what reduce democracy and decrease the traditional life style. so one decrease the capacity of civil society same as the evolution of it .
their is no success for any tool to fight the Vawp since in lebanon for example whom campaign against the lay are ladies sometimes because they are searching for funds so they do so through by creating a model and in lebanon most of the time is the traditional one.
Reporting is a very important tool but the most important is Activism and not letting anybody let her feel and underestimate herself . through reporting you begin to build the study needed for legislation then lobbying.
1.What is violence against women in politics, and what forms does it take? What are its key drivers? Is VAWP particular to specific countries, regions, cultures, or institutions?
VAWP is gender based violence that would target women in an attempt to hinder their active participation in politics. It can take various forms: a. VAW in the public sphere: such as street sexual harassment to women while and on the way to voting venues, harassment to women candidates and women active in political campaigns and belittling women politicians in Parliament because of their gender. b. VAW in the private sphere: such as domestic violence that would hinder women's physical, psychological and mental capacities to engage in politics.
Unfortunately, VAWP is wide spread across the globe. However, its manifestation is coloured by the specificities of each country, region, culture and institution.
Perpetrators of VAWP varies between state and non-state actors. The main motives are to exclude women from practicing their citizenship rights and creating a negative atmosphere that would discourage women from engaging with politics.
The consequences are limited participation of women ( in numbers as well as scale) in politics. As a result, women's issues would be rarely addressed within political institutions such as unions, parties and legislative bodies.
4. Are there any successful mechanisms/instruments to expose acts of VAWP (e.g. reporting, services for victims, rules of conduct)?
Among the successful mechanisms would be appropriate interventions to ensure the physical safety of women in politics ( such as proper lighting in voting venues), production and dissemination of qualitative and quantitative knowledge on VAWP, and drafting codes of conduct that would be used in pinpointing individuals and institutions that perform and tolerate VAWP. These mechanisms have to be developed and implemented in parallel with a wider legal reform to address VAW.
5. Who has responsibility to address VAWP, and what types of partnerships are necessary to do so successfully?
The responsibility is on the shoulders of the state ( with its different bodies), the civil society, political institutions (such as parties, unions and student clubs), the women's human rights groups, the feminist movements, women's national machineries and academics. In addition, international actors ( international NGOs and donors) have a role in mobilizing resources and support to those working on the ground to address VAWP.
6. Can you identify any specific legislation, programs, trainings, studies, and awareness-raising campaigns, which help prevent punish and sanction political violence against women?
An example would be the Egyptian civil society 's efforts to address VAWP by supporting women in politics such as Nazra's work on the ground. Another example is the Women and Memory Forum's Oral History Archive that document and disseminate women's experiences in the public sphere. Such an archive provides data and insights on the VAWP women face and its implications on their future contribution to politics in Egypt http://oralhistoryarchive.wmf.org.eg. This Archive highlights the successes and challenges facing women in history as well as in contemporary Egypt.
1. We see that violence against women in politics (VAW-P) is a distinct phenomenon with three distinct characteristics: it targets women because of their gender; in its very form it can be gendered, as exemplified by sexist threats and sexual violence; and its impact is to discourage women in particular from being or becoming politically active. It is not particular to specific countries, regions, cultures, or institutions: women in politics around the world report the same range of experiences, but the nature, intensity and impact of the violence they encounter differs depending on the political and socio-cultural contexts in which they are politically engaged.
2. Unlike other forms of violence electoral/political violence, usually carried out by political opponents, we see that perpetrators of VAW-P may include a woman's family or friends, members of her political party, community and religious leaders, state security forces and the police, among others. Media outlets can also play an influential role in perpetrating violence -- either through their own reports, or through disseminating violent messages about politically active women from other sources.
3. VAW-P poses a direct threat to women’s ability to participate freely and without fear, and intimidates or prevents women from participating in public and political life. Often, attacks on women who are public figures or political leaders can discourage women -- especially young women -- from becoming involved in politics at all.
4. Mechanisms and strategies to expose and document VAW-P are being developed around the world. Several regional institutions have already taken action to call violence against women in politics to light and condemn it. Political parties can also take action against VAW-P, including signing codes of conduct or implementing internal mechanisms. In Sierra Leone, for example, eight parties signed an “open and safe” election pledge that opposed all forms of violence and intimidation against women.
5. Everyone has the responsibility to address VAW-P! This includes government institutions, parliaments, elected and appointed leaders, justice and security sectors, electoral observers and authorities, and regional institutions.
The problem of VAW-P must be exposed in all its forms, and acknowledged globally. We all have opportunities to take action to mitigate and prevent it, to record and count it when it does occur, and to increase accountability for perpetrators.
For more information about the issue of VAW-P and opportunities for action that different stakeholders and sectors can take to address and end it, we encourage you to take a look at NDI's Call to Action to Stop Violence Against Women In Politics -- you can find the document and more information here: https://www.ndi.org/not-the-cost
Violence against women in politics may take many forms, it is present in societies regardless of the open minded and closed ones, it may take many forms , verbal, physical , strategical or even direct.I do believe that the main reason for vwap the fear from success , where in a men society , they tend to feel intimidated even inferior to a woman, if she proved able to take responsability in public affairs.To solve that many NGO 's are raising awareness about the importance of the presence of women in politics first of all to respect democracy In Lebanon we have women in front and Kafa who are raising awareness about the political role of women and the violence in all its types against them and helping them to be confident that they are allowed and can build a better future.
Catherine Watuka is a women's rights activist in Kenya. She is the Founder and Executive Director of Women United for Social, Economic and Total Empowerment.
The terrible reality is that women continue to experience violence in their lives, moreso on women who step forward to participate in politics. They are met by harassment, psychological abuse, character assasination (both on and off-line) and physical or sexual assault. It is a pervasive but often overlooked barrier that prevents women across the world from having their voices heard. It is a direct threat to women’s ability to participate in all phases of elections as voters, candidates, officials, administrators or observers. The cycle of violence is perpetuated by gender discrimination and current power structure.
When women speak up they risk appearing to be a liability, rather than an asset to party leaders. Even worse, they can be subjected to further harassment and discrimination. These attacks dampen the political aspirations of other women and girls. We cannot allow violence to be the cost for women who are simply exercising their fundamental human and political rights. Legislation against these acts is an important step, though not a silver bullet. We must advocate for their effective&consistent enforcement and we need to bring other strategies to bear like a global call to action to end the scourge now that activists more leaders are beginning to understand the scale of the problem.
dinner table with benches dinner table with benches dining room tables with benches outstanding dining table bench seat dining room dining table bench with backrest.
dining table set benches for sale room bench ikea,dining table bench with back plans benches backs and for sale cape town elegant set home furniture on,tables with benches seating dining room vanity best table bench backrest back storage,how a kitchen table with bench seating can totally complete your home dining benches backs uk black back seat,upholstered dining table bench with back black best images on room dinner wooden modern,dining room bench seat plans endearing table with back benches backs uk,dining table benches with backs wooden modern room sets big and small bench seating,dinner table benches dining wooden modern bench with backrest beautiful home furniture,dining room upholstered tufted bench and black table ikea benches next seat,dining table set wooden benches next room with 2 decor ideas and modern.
Welcome to our Blog dedicated to the Chateau's news ! You will find here all the information about our vineyard, art and oenotourism.
Copyright © Launceston Then! 2018. All rights reserved. Website designed and maintained by Roger Pyke.
After hearing the news that his younger brother passed away unexpectedly at 23 years old, I attempted twice to speak to my friend without breaking down myself, to no avail.
Even if I had ‘words of wisdom’ at the time, which I did not, it was not the time for them. Sometimes it is just time to mourn. I couldn’t offer some profound advice that would change his perspective on the loss, and yet, I couldn’t merely be the friend that sends a fruit basket or some flowers.
As I contemplated what to do, I read his brother’s facebook wall… the messages were amazing. The amount of people that were inspired by his brother was inspiring itself. I decided my small contribution would be.
I compiled pictures from his wall, batched up the quotes, looked at his ‘musical likes’ and mixed an audio based on two Modest Mouse songs (as well as some covers which transitioned them together well). Since they have family in Mexico, I did my due diligence to try to translate some of those quotes so they were not overlooked — they were some of the most profound sentiments in the end.
I finally had the words, through others, to put together a message… Nothing that has not been done before in one capacity or another, but something I thought was a good summation of his life and impact.
Long story short – my friend greatly appreciated the gesture… That is all I hoped for, giving my friend just a small bit of peace in a very tough time — by providing a him something he could reference to remember how his little bro left his mark on this world and in others.
I received a call from my friend, who said his mother would like to talk to me. I had not seen her for over a decade, since we’ve lived states apart ever since college. I immediately expressed my condolences. And then his soft-spoken mom said to me words that I will never forget:
“I just wanted to thank you very much for the video. It makes me sad then happy, and it was the only thing that has given me peace. It helped me to believe in God again”.
Once again I cannot speak on this topic without shedding a tear – but this time, because it was amazing to me how something I almost considered NOT doing because I didn’t know how it would be received, could be the one thing to give a brokenhearted mother a bit of peace.
My friend told me his family watched the video together on Mothers day, and his mothers day gift to his mom was a tablet with a link to the youtube video, so she could watch it any time…
My lesson learned is to never assume that any gesture is too small if your heart is in the right place… Just as my friend’s little bro had a long lasting effect in a short life — sometimes even the smallest decisions can have the biggest impacts.
Author Loopholes on LifePosted on June 10, 2014 June 10, 2014 Categories Faith, Loopholes on Life, SpiritualityTags death, impact, inspirational story, memorial, memory, morning, mothers day, small gestures, words of wisdomLeave a comment on A touching life, tragic death, small gesture, and big surprise
✕ Все предметы Английский язык Биология География ИЗО Информатика Испанский язык История Итальянский язык Китайский язык Литература Логопед Математика Музыка Немецкий язык Обществознание Подготовка к школе Редкие иностранные языки Русский как иностранный Русский язык Физика Фитнес и спорт Французский язык Химия Чешский язык Экономика Японский язык
truck drivers and fatigue efficacy studies of the restart rules transportation issues policies and rd short description about truck drivers and fatigue efficacy studies of the restart rules transportation issues policies and rd Not available | truck drivers and fatigue efficacy studies of the restart rules transportation issues policies and rd is pdf file PDF file
truck drivers and fatigue efficacy studies of the restart rules transportation issues policies and rd short description about truck drivers and fatigue efficacy studies of the restart rules transportation issues policies and rd Not available | truck drivers and fatigue efficacy studies of the restart rules transportation issues policies and rd is doc file DOC file
sport mechanics for coaches 2nd edition short description about sport mechanics for coaches 2nd edition Not available | sport mechanics for coaches 2nd edition is pdf file PDF file
sport mechanics for coaches 2nd edition short description about sport mechanics for coaches 2nd edition Not available | sport mechanics for coaches 2nd edition is doc file DOC file
childrens ideas in science short description about childrens ideas in science Not available | childrens ideas in science is pdf file PDF file
childrens ideas in science short description about childrens ideas in science Not available | childrens ideas in science is doc file DOC file
geothermal heat pumps what you need to know before you buy one short description about geothermal heat pumps what you need to know before you buy one Not available | geothermal heat pumps what you need to know before you buy one is pdf file PDF file
geothermal heat pumps what you need to know before you buy one short description about geothermal heat pumps what you need to know before you buy one Not available | geothermal heat pumps what you need to know before you buy one is doc file DOC file
in defense of globalization with a new afterword short description about in defense of globalization with a new afterword Not available | in defense of globalization with a new afterword is pdf file PDF file
in defense of globalization with a new afterword short description about in defense of globalization with a new afterword Not available | in defense of globalization with a new afterword is doc file DOC file
evidence based treatment planning for depression workbook short description about evidence based treatment planning for depression workbook Not available | evidence based treatment planning for depression workbook is pdf file PDF file
evidence based treatment planning for depression workbook short description about evidence based treatment planning for depression workbook Not available | evidence based treatment planning for depression workbook is doc file DOC file
law of rice in 1921 how does the government intervene the free market modern japanese history short description about law of rice in 1921 how does the government intervene the free market modern japanese history Not available | law of rice in 1921 how does the government intervene the free market modern japanese history is pdf file PDF file
law of rice in 1921 how does the government intervene the free market modern japanese history short description about law of rice in 1921 how does the government intervene the free market modern japanese history Not available | law of rice in 1921 how does the government intervene the free market modern japanese history is doc file DOC file
everyday play fun games to develop the fine motor skills your child needs for school short description about everyday play fun games to develop the fine motor skills your child needs for school Not available | everyday play fun games to develop the fine motor skills your child needs for school is pdf file PDF file
everyday play fun games to develop the fine motor skills your child needs for school short description about everyday play fun games to develop the fine motor skills your child needs for school Not available | everyday play fun games to develop the fine motor skills your child needs for school is doc file DOC file
get rid of herpes the natural safe effective herpes remedy short description about get rid of herpes the natural safe effective herpes remedy Not available | get rid of herpes the natural safe effective herpes remedy is pdf file PDF file
get rid of herpes the natural safe effective herpes remedy short description about get rid of herpes the natural safe effective herpes remedy Not available | get rid of herpes the natural safe effective herpes remedy is doc file DOC file
bone broth power reverse grey hair and bring back morning wood short description about bone broth power reverse grey hair and bring back morning wood Not available | bone broth power reverse grey hair and bring back morning wood is doc file DOC file
organic chemistry review substitution and elimination reactions of alkyl halides quick review notes book 1 short description about organic chemistry review substitution and elimination reactions of alkyl halides quick review notes book 1 Not available | organic chemistry review substitution and elimination reactions of alkyl halides quick review notes book 1 is pdf file PDF file
organic chemistry review substitution and elimination reactions of alkyl halides quick review notes book 1 short description about organic chemistry review substitution and elimination reactions of alkyl halides quick review notes book 1 Not available | organic chemistry review substitution and elimination reactions of alkyl halides quick review notes book 1 is doc file DOC file
dr spocks baby and child care 9th edition short description about dr spocks baby and child care 9th edition Not available | dr spocks baby and child care 9th edition is pdf file PDF file
dr spocks baby and child care 9th edition short description about dr spocks baby and child care 9th edition Not available | dr spocks baby and child care 9th edition is doc file DOC file
creating connection a relational cultural approach with couples family therapy and counseling short description about creating connection a relational cultural approach with couples family therapy and counseling Not available | creating connection a relational cultural approach with couples family therapy and counseling is pdf file PDF file
creating connection a relational cultural approach with couples family therapy and counseling short description about creating connection a relational cultural approach with couples family therapy and counseling Not available | creating connection a relational cultural approach with couples family therapy and counseling is doc file DOC file
for the guitar enthusiast basic pickup winding complete guide to making your own pickup winder short description about for the guitar enthusiast basic pickup winding complete guide to making your own pickup winder Not available | for the guitar enthusiast basic pickup winding complete guide to making your own pickup winder is pdf file PDF file
for the guitar enthusiast basic pickup winding complete guide to making your own pickup winder short description about for the guitar enthusiast basic pickup winding complete guide to making your own pickup winder Not available | for the guitar enthusiast basic pickup winding complete guide to making your own pickup winder is doc file DOC file
blues vision african american writing from minnesota short description about blues vision african american writing from minnesota Not available | blues vision african american writing from minnesota is pdf file PDF file
blues vision african american writing from minnesota short description about blues vision african american writing from minnesota Not available | blues vision african american writing from minnesota is doc file DOC file
tubes sheets and singularities in fluid dynamics proceedings of the nato arw held in zakopane poland 2 7 september 2001 sponsored as an iutam fluid mechanic short description about tubes sheets and singularities in fluid dynamics proceedings of the nato arw held in zakopane poland 2 7 september 2001 sponsored as an iutam fluid mechanic Not available | tubes sheets and singularities in fluid dynamics proceedings of the nato arw held in zakopane poland 2 7 september 2001 sponsored as an iutam fluid mechanic is pdf file PDF file
tubes sheets and singularities in fluid dynamics proceedings of the nato arw held in zakopane poland 2 7 september 2001 sponsored as an iutam fluid mechanic short description about tubes sheets and singularities in fluid dynamics proceedings of the nato arw held in zakopane poland 2 7 september 2001 sponsored as an iutam fluid mechanic Not available | tubes sheets and singularities in fluid dynamics proceedings of the nato arw held in zakopane poland 2 7 september 2001 sponsored as an iutam fluid mechanic is doc file DOC file
management of a sales force short description about management of a sales force Not available | management of a sales force is pdf file PDF file
management of a sales force short description about management of a sales force Not available | management of a sales force is doc file DOC file
2006 truck driver and vehicle federal rules and regulations fmcsa commercial drivers license program hazardous materials two cd rom set short description about 2006 truck driver and vehicle federal rules and regulations fmcsa commercial drivers license program hazardous materials two cd rom set Not available | 2006 truck driver and vehicle federal rules and regulations fmcsa commercial drivers license program hazardous materials two cd rom set is pdf file PDF file
2006 truck driver and vehicle federal rules and regulations fmcsa commercial drivers license program hazardous materials two cd rom set short description about 2006 truck driver and vehicle federal rules and regulations fmcsa commercial drivers license program hazardous materials two cd rom set Not available | 2006 truck driver and vehicle federal rules and regulations fmcsa commercial drivers license program hazardous materials two cd rom set is doc file DOC file
sticks and stones and other student essays short description about sticks and stones and other student essays Not available | sticks and stones and other student essays is pdf file PDF file
sticks and stones and other student essays short description about sticks and stones and other student essays Not available | sticks and stones and other student essays is doc file DOC file
variation and change in spoken and written discourse perspectives from corpus linguistics dialogue studies short description about variation and change in spoken and written discourse perspectives from corpus linguistics dialogue studies Not available | variation and change in spoken and written discourse perspectives from corpus linguistics dialogue studies is pdf file PDF file
variation and change in spoken and written discourse perspectives from corpus linguistics dialogue studies short description about variation and change in spoken and written discourse perspectives from corpus linguistics dialogue studies Not available | variation and change in spoken and written discourse perspectives from corpus linguistics dialogue studies is doc file DOC file
the skinny jeans solution for busy moms short description about the skinny jeans solution for busy moms Not available | the skinny jeans solution for busy moms is pdf file PDF file
the skinny jeans solution for busy moms short description about the skinny jeans solution for busy moms Not available | the skinny jeans solution for busy moms is doc file DOC file
stepping motors a guide to modern theory and practice i e e control engineering series short description about stepping motors a guide to modern theory and practice i e e control engineering series Not available | stepping motors a guide to modern theory and practice i e e control engineering series is pdf file PDF file
stepping motors a guide to modern theory and practice i e e control engineering series short description about stepping motors a guide to modern theory and practice i e e control engineering series Not available | stepping motors a guide to modern theory and practice i e e control engineering series is doc file DOC file
book of old time trades and tools dover pictorial archive series short description about book of old time trades and tools dover pictorial archive series Not available | book of old time trades and tools dover pictorial archive series is pdf file PDF file
book of old time trades and tools dover pictorial archive series short description about book of old time trades and tools dover pictorial archive series Not available | book of old time trades and tools dover pictorial archive series is doc file DOC file
computational intelligence in aerospace sciences progress in aeronautics and astronautics series progress in astronautics and aeronautics short description about computational intelligence in aerospace sciences progress in aeronautics and astronautics series progress in astronautics and aeronautics Not available | computational intelligence in aerospace sciences progress in aeronautics and astronautics series progress in astronautics and aeronautics is pdf file PDF file
computational intelligence in aerospace sciences progress in aeronautics and astronautics series progress in astronautics and aeronautics short description about computational intelligence in aerospace sciences progress in aeronautics and astronautics series progress in astronautics and aeronautics Not available | computational intelligence in aerospace sciences progress in aeronautics and astronautics series progress in astronautics and aeronautics is doc file DOC file
triathlon 101 2nd edition short description about triathlon 101 2nd edition Not available | triathlon 101 2nd edition is pdf file PDF file
triathlon 101 2nd edition short description about triathlon 101 2nd edition Not available | triathlon 101 2nd edition is doc file DOC file
survival of the sickest short description about survival of the sickest Not available | survival of the sickest is pdf file PDF file
survival of the sickest short description about survival of the sickest Not available | survival of the sickest is doc file DOC file
report on a campaign to awaken public interest in sanitary and sociologic problems in th state of minnesota short description about report on a campaign to awaken public interest in sanitary and sociologic problems in th state of minnesota Not available | report on a campaign to awaken public interest in sanitary and sociologic problems in th state of minnesota is pdf file PDF file
report on a campaign to awaken public interest in sanitary and sociologic problems in th state of minnesota short description about report on a campaign to awaken public interest in sanitary and sociologic problems in th state of minnesota Not available | report on a campaign to awaken public interest in sanitary and sociologic problems in th state of minnesota is doc file DOC file
the blood and the enemy short description about the blood and the enemy Not available | the blood and the enemy is pdf file PDF file
the blood and the enemy short description about the blood and the enemy Not available | the blood and the enemy is doc file DOC file
the dragons tooth the drowned vault empire of bones 3 book series set short description about the dragons tooth the drowned vault empire of bones 3 book series set Not available | the dragons tooth the drowned vault empire of bones 3 book series set is pdf file PDF file
the dragons tooth the drowned vault empire of bones 3 book series set short description about the dragons tooth the drowned vault empire of bones 3 book series set Not available | the dragons tooth the drowned vault empire of bones 3 book series set is doc file DOC file
practical ethnography a guide to doing ethnography in the private sector short description about practical ethnography a guide to doing ethnography in the private sector Not available | practical ethnography a guide to doing ethnography in the private sector is pdf file PDF file
practical ethnography a guide to doing ethnography in the private sector short description about practical ethnography a guide to doing ethnography in the private sector Not available | practical ethnography a guide to doing ethnography in the private sector is doc file DOC file
the power of prayer for couples 3 in 1 collection short description about the power of prayer for couples 3 in 1 collection Not available | the power of prayer for couples 3 in 1 collection is pdf file PDF file
the power of prayer for couples 3 in 1 collection short description about the power of prayer for couples 3 in 1 collection Not available | the power of prayer for couples 3 in 1 collection is doc file DOC file
new gcse maths edexcel workbook foundation for the grade 9 1 course by cgp books 8 apr 2015 paperback short description about new gcse maths edexcel workbook foundation for the grade 9 1 course by cgp books 8 apr 2015 paperback Not available | new gcse maths edexcel workbook foundation for the grade 9 1 course by cgp books 8 apr 2015 paperback is pdf file PDF file
new gcse maths edexcel workbook foundation for the grade 9 1 course by cgp books 8 apr 2015 paperback short description about new gcse maths edexcel workbook foundation for the grade 9 1 course by cgp books 8 apr 2015 paperback Not available | new gcse maths edexcel workbook foundation for the grade 9 1 course by cgp books 8 apr 2015 paperback is doc file DOC file
psychology the science of behavior 7th edition short description about psychology the science of behavior 7th edition Not available | psychology the science of behavior 7th edition is pdf file PDF file
psychology the science of behavior 7th edition short description about psychology the science of behavior 7th edition Not available | psychology the science of behavior 7th edition is doc file DOC file
theory of machines through practice and solved problems short description about theory of machines through practice and solved problems Not available | theory of machines through practice and solved problems is pdf file PDF file
theory of machines through practice and solved problems short description about theory of machines through practice and solved problems Not available | theory of machines through practice and solved problems is doc file DOC file
why dogs are better than cats by bradley trevor greive 2009 10 20 short description about why dogs are better than cats by bradley trevor greive 2009 10 20 Not available | why dogs are better than cats by bradley trevor greive 2009 10 20 is pdf file PDF file
why dogs are better than cats by bradley trevor greive 2009 10 20 short description about why dogs are better than cats by bradley trevor greive 2009 10 20 Not available | why dogs are better than cats by bradley trevor greive 2009 10 20 is doc file DOC file
tool of the trade short description about tool of the trade Not available | tool of the trade is pdf file PDF file
tool of the trade short description about tool of the trade Not available | tool of the trade is doc file DOC file
cell phone spirituality what your cell phone can teach you about life and god short description about cell phone spirituality what your cell phone can teach you about life and god Not available | cell phone spirituality what your cell phone can teach you about life and god is pdf file PDF file
cell phone spirituality what your cell phone can teach you about life and god short description about cell phone spirituality what your cell phone can teach you about life and god Not available | cell phone spirituality what your cell phone can teach you about life and god is doc file DOC file
project management tools and trade offs by klastorin ted wiley2003 hardcover short description about project management tools and trade offs by klastorin ted wiley2003 hardcover Not available | project management tools and trade offs by klastorin ted wiley2003 hardcover is pdf file PDF file
project management tools and trade offs by klastorin ted wiley2003 hardcover short description about project management tools and trade offs by klastorin ted wiley2003 hardcover Not available | project management tools and trade offs by klastorin ted wiley2003 hardcover is doc file DOC file
wired for success 12 steps to creating a brain healthy life and enhancing everything you do short description about wired for success 12 steps to creating a brain healthy life and enhancing everything you do Not available | wired for success 12 steps to creating a brain healthy life and enhancing everything you do is pdf file PDF file
wired for success 12 steps to creating a brain healthy life and enhancing everything you do short description about wired for success 12 steps to creating a brain healthy life and enhancing everything you do Not available | wired for success 12 steps to creating a brain healthy life and enhancing everything you do is doc file DOC file
report of the veterinary department of the minnesota state board of health short description about report of the veterinary department of the minnesota state board of health Not available | report of the veterinary department of the minnesota state board of health is pdf file PDF file
report of the veterinary department of the minnesota state board of health short description about report of the veterinary department of the minnesota state board of health Not available | report of the veterinary department of the minnesota state board of health is doc file DOC file
jellyfish blooms new problems and solutions developments in hydrobiology short description about jellyfish blooms new problems and solutions developments in hydrobiology Not available | jellyfish blooms new problems and solutions developments in hydrobiology is pdf file PDF file
jellyfish blooms new problems and solutions developments in hydrobiology short description about jellyfish blooms new problems and solutions developments in hydrobiology Not available | jellyfish blooms new problems and solutions developments in hydrobiology is doc file DOC file
are the japanese really inscrutable short description about are the japanese really inscrutable Not available | are the japanese really inscrutable is pdf file PDF file
are the japanese really inscrutable short description about are the japanese really inscrutable Not available | are the japanese really inscrutable is doc file DOC file
the shaking woman or a history of my nerves short description about the shaking woman or a history of my nerves Not available | the shaking woman or a history of my nerves is doc file DOC file
the mystery of the walking statue the robot twins book 1 short description about the mystery of the walking statue the robot twins book 1 Not available | the mystery of the walking statue the robot twins book 1 is pdf file PDF file
the mystery of the walking statue the robot twins book 1 short description about the mystery of the walking statue the robot twins book 1 Not available | the mystery of the walking statue the robot twins book 1 is doc file DOC file
refrigeration and air conditioning 3rd edition short description about refrigeration and air conditioning 3rd edition Not available | refrigeration and air conditioning 3rd edition is pdf file PDF file
refrigeration and air conditioning 3rd edition short description about refrigeration and air conditioning 3rd edition Not available | refrigeration and air conditioning 3rd edition is doc file DOC file
paleo breakfast recipes for busy moms and dads short description about paleo breakfast recipes for busy moms and dads Not available | paleo breakfast recipes for busy moms and dads is pdf file PDF file
paleo breakfast recipes for busy moms and dads short description about paleo breakfast recipes for busy moms and dads Not available | paleo breakfast recipes for busy moms and dads is doc file DOC file
word order in the simple bulgarian sentence a study in grammar semantics and pragmatics short description about word order in the simple bulgarian sentence a study in grammar semantics and pragmatics Not available | word order in the simple bulgarian sentence a study in grammar semantics and pragmatics is pdf file PDF file
word order in the simple bulgarian sentence a study in grammar semantics and pragmatics short description about word order in the simple bulgarian sentence a study in grammar semantics and pragmatics Not available | word order in the simple bulgarian sentence a study in grammar semantics and pragmatics is doc file DOC file
flash mx design for tv and video flash wiley short description about flash mx design for tv and video flash wiley Not available | flash mx design for tv and video flash wiley is doc file DOC file
sales management made simple tips for new sales managers short description about sales management made simple tips for new sales managers Not available | sales management made simple tips for new sales managers is pdf file PDF file
sales management made simple tips for new sales managers short description about sales management made simple tips for new sales managers Not available | sales management made simple tips for new sales managers is doc file DOC file
once upon a season short description about once upon a season Not available | once upon a season is pdf file PDF file
once upon a season short description about once upon a season Not available | once upon a season is doc file DOC file
flash cartoon animation learn from the pros short description about flash cartoon animation learn from the pros Not available | flash cartoon animation learn from the pros is pdf file PDF file
flash cartoon animation learn from the pros short description about flash cartoon animation learn from the pros Not available | flash cartoon animation learn from the pros is doc file DOC file
just trade a new covenant linking trade and human rights short description about just trade a new covenant linking trade and human rights Not available | just trade a new covenant linking trade and human rights is pdf file PDF file
just trade a new covenant linking trade and human rights short description about just trade a new covenant linking trade and human rights Not available | just trade a new covenant linking trade and human rights is doc file DOC file
meditation how to meditate to get rid of stress anxiety depression and feel happy short description about meditation how to meditate to get rid of stress anxiety depression and feel happy Not available | meditation how to meditate to get rid of stress anxiety depression and feel happy is pdf file PDF file
meditation how to meditate to get rid of stress anxiety depression and feel happy short description about meditation how to meditate to get rid of stress anxiety depression and feel happy Not available | meditation how to meditate to get rid of stress anxiety depression and feel happy is doc file DOC file
the neuropsychology of women issues of diversity in clinical neuropsychology short description about the neuropsychology of women issues of diversity in clinical neuropsychology Not available | the neuropsychology of women issues of diversity in clinical neuropsychology is pdf file PDF file
the neuropsychology of women issues of diversity in clinical neuropsychology short description about the neuropsychology of women issues of diversity in clinical neuropsychology Not available | the neuropsychology of women issues of diversity in clinical neuropsychology is doc file DOC file
a white hat rose colored glasses unlocking your power through clarity action short description about a white hat rose colored glasses unlocking your power through clarity action Not available | a white hat rose colored glasses unlocking your power through clarity action is pdf file PDF file
a white hat rose colored glasses unlocking your power through clarity action short description about a white hat rose colored glasses unlocking your power through clarity action Not available | a white hat rose colored glasses unlocking your power through clarity action is doc file DOC file
smoke and mirrors the war on drugs and the politics of failure short description about smoke and mirrors the war on drugs and the politics of failure Not available | smoke and mirrors the war on drugs and the politics of failure is pdf file PDF file
smoke and mirrors the war on drugs and the politics of failure short description about smoke and mirrors the war on drugs and the politics of failure Not available | smoke and mirrors the war on drugs and the politics of failure is doc file DOC file
physicians guide to terrorist attack short description about physicians guide to terrorist attack Not available | physicians guide to terrorist attack is pdf file PDF file
physicians guide to terrorist attack short description about physicians guide to terrorist attack Not available | physicians guide to terrorist attack is doc file DOC file
the technical analysis course a winning program for investors and traders revised edition short description about the technical analysis course a winning program for investors and traders revised edition Not available | the technical analysis course a winning program for investors and traders revised edition is pdf file PDF file
the technical analysis course a winning program for investors and traders revised edition short description about the technical analysis course a winning program for investors and traders revised edition Not available | the technical analysis course a winning program for investors and traders revised edition is doc file DOC file
cell phone investigations search warrants cell sites and evidence recovery short description about cell phone investigations search warrants cell sites and evidence recovery Not available | cell phone investigations search warrants cell sites and evidence recovery is pdf file PDF file
cell phone investigations search warrants cell sites and evidence recovery short description about cell phone investigations search warrants cell sites and evidence recovery Not available | cell phone investigations search warrants cell sites and evidence recovery is doc file DOC file
the european union and conflict prevention policy and legal aspects short description about the european union and conflict prevention policy and legal aspects Not available | the european union and conflict prevention policy and legal aspects is pdf file PDF file
the european union and conflict prevention policy and legal aspects short description about the european union and conflict prevention policy and legal aspects Not available | the european union and conflict prevention policy and legal aspects is doc file DOC file
cold war at sea high seas confrontation between the united states and the soviet union short description about cold war at sea high seas confrontation between the united states and the soviet union Not available | cold war at sea high seas confrontation between the united states and the soviet union is pdf file PDF file
cold war at sea high seas confrontation between the united states and the soviet union short description about cold war at sea high seas confrontation between the united states and the soviet union Not available | cold war at sea high seas confrontation between the united states and the soviet union is doc file DOC file
transactions on aspect oriented software development xii lecture notes in computer science short description about transactions on aspect oriented software development xii lecture notes in computer science Not available | transactions on aspect oriented software development xii lecture notes in computer science is pdf file PDF file
transactions on aspect oriented software development xii lecture notes in computer science short description about transactions on aspect oriented software development xii lecture notes in computer science Not available | transactions on aspect oriented software development xii lecture notes in computer science is doc file DOC file
successful organizational tidbits for todays business leaders volume i short description about successful organizational tidbits for todays business leaders volume i Not available | successful organizational tidbits for todays business leaders volume i is pdf file PDF file
successful organizational tidbits for todays business leaders volume i short description about successful organizational tidbits for todays business leaders volume i Not available | successful organizational tidbits for todays business leaders volume i is doc file DOC file
teach me to be generous the first century of regis high school in new york city empire state editions short description about teach me to be generous the first century of regis high school in new york city empire state editions Not available | teach me to be generous the first century of regis high school in new york city empire state editions is pdf file PDF file
teach me to be generous the first century of regis high school in new york city empire state editions short description about teach me to be generous the first century of regis high school in new york city empire state editions Not available | teach me to be generous the first century of regis high school in new york city empire state editions is doc file DOC file
the encyclopedia of abraham lincoln quotations gigantic book of quotations by abraham lincoln the presidential quotes series 1 short description about the encyclopedia of abraham lincoln quotations gigantic book of quotations by abraham lincoln the presidential quotes series 1 Not available | the encyclopedia of abraham lincoln quotations gigantic book of quotations by abraham lincoln the presidential quotes series 1 is pdf file PDF file
the encyclopedia of abraham lincoln quotations gigantic book of quotations by abraham lincoln the presidential quotes series 1 short description about the encyclopedia of abraham lincoln quotations gigantic book of quotations by abraham lincoln the presidential quotes series 1 Not available | the encyclopedia of abraham lincoln quotations gigantic book of quotations by abraham lincoln the presidential quotes series 1 is doc file DOC file
the book of harry potter trifles trivias and particularities short description about the book of harry potter trifles trivias and particularities Not available | the book of harry potter trifles trivias and particularities is pdf file PDF file