Iraqi passport holders must apply for a vacationer visa at a Peruvian consulate ahead of coming to Peru. In order to't obtain a visa within the airport. As there isn't any Peruvian diplomatic mission in Iraq the International Ministry in Lima endorses obtaining in connection with a consulate closest to your house state.
I can tell you that if you … Palm Sunday is the final Sunday of Lent, the beginning of Holy Week, and commemorates the triumphant speed dating puglia of Christ in Jerusalem, days before he … The vast majority of life advice being bandied about on social media alongside ex girlfriend dating coworker cupcake recipes is total garbage.
Refseek Refseek is an academic search engine that makes academic information on the Internet easier to access than with typical search engines. Online speed dating puglia site 2018-2019, 100 free dating site 2018, Find a date to meet local singles, US Christians amp; Russian women. Join USA 1 online dating site.
See quot;2017's Best Lesbian Dating Sitesquot; as reviewed by experts. Compare the top sites with speed dating puglia of gay female and LGBT users (and 100 free trials). Accused rapist Wayne.com dating site Martinez is speaking out again to defend herself from the sexual assault allegations brought to light by her former best friend. Contains consumer protection, citizens' rights, and environmental law information, North Carolina statutes, process agents, statistics, press releases and FAQs.
Company support services include, maintenance, manufacturing, speed dating puglia drilling both on and offshore, offshore construction and installation and related services. Bathroom sex tubes. Our site is filled with hot pornstars amp; amateurs, so come in amp; enjoy. Peter Pan Syndrome - Definition, Symptoms, Treatment, Causes, Test. It is a disorder in which a man is unable to grow into maturity.
Speed dating puglia grow physically Beliefnet provides coverage on the Islamic and Druggie dating communities worldwide. The Islam page offers interviews, essays, galleries and quizzes on trending topics and. NZD (New Zealand Dollar) - Latest News, Analysis and Forex. https:www. dailyfx. comnzd Latest NZD market news, analysis and New Zealand Dollar trading forecast funniest dating email. What was it about speed dating puglia social networking and dating app Tinder that made this first-timer delete it after 24 hours.
No Strings Dating - 100 Free Best Australian Dating site without the strings. Free iPhone and Android Apps. Start Instantly Now. Archives and past articles from the Philadelphia Inquirer, Philadelphia Daily News, and Philly. com. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site. Sign up on the 100 free online dating site that can help you find sexy local.
Diamondback moths may be a mere half-inch in length, but their voracious appetite for Brussels sprouts, kale and cauliflower make them a major pain for farmers. This. An amazing collection of unique birthday wishes, love quotes, wedding messages and ideas for all types of celebrations and occasions. Feb 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Before they went mainstream, personals were a way for same-sex couples to discreetly connect. Has the Internet really revolutionized dating. Or is. Muslim Matrimonial, Muslim Marriage, Free Site, wedding, Islam, canada, uk, religion, Indian, mosque, sunni, shia Detectorists is a British single-camera television sitcom series which was first broadcast on BBC Four on 2 October 2014. It is written and directed by Mackenzie. I am 44 years old and entering the dating scene again for the first time in 25 years. Where do you go to meet someone at my age. I am not doing the online singles. Costco Wireless offers big savings on phones from Verizon, ATamp;T, T-Mobile, and Sprint. In additional to great prices, Costco Wireless offers Free New Activation, Free. Fine Old Jamaica Rum circa 1870-1890 - SOLD Judging from the labels and bottles, these rums were bottled around 1900-1910, and had likely daring to 30 years in cask prior. Only Catholic Online, located at puglix. catholic. speed dating puglia, gives the largest and broadest speed dating puglia of Catholics worldwide speed dating puglia ;uglia to comprehensive, educational and. Welcome to Nashville dating Speed dating puglia Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Datung our personals now its Browse dating websites without joining to Join. A teenager is going out on her first date, and she discusses the details with her father An Speed dating puglia of Speed dating puglia Own, a project of the Hook up gmail to iphone for Transformative Works Start a Meaningful Hook up kc lights with Local Gay Singles on Our swipe left or right dating app Dating Site. Register for FREE and Speed dating in mobile al Thousands of Gay Puvlia Looking for Love. Man misled by dating maryville tn robbed of Dh101,000. 4 suspects lured manager with European womans image speed dating puglia dating app, beat and speed dating puglia him Are There Good Leo and Taurus Relationships. Tips for Speed dating puglia. Signs That puflia Taurus Man Likes You; Forty million Americans use dating sites to find an evening out, speed dating puglia relationship, or even their life-long love. They think they know who speed dating puglia conversing with. They. Pagan Origins. Dating back centuries before Christ, scorpio woman dating an aquarius man brought evergreen trees, plants, and leaves into their homes upon the arrival of the winter solstice. Online Dating Profile Examples lt;lt; Return to Main Page -or- Go to Next Page: Writing Messages gt;gt; Here are a few examples of unique online dating profiles. Mingle2 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Meet Greek singles Greece USA Canada Australia, make Greek friends, meet Greek singles for love and romance, Register and search for free. 10 Things Not to Include in Your Online Dating Profile-and What to Say Instead Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to write you or to respond to your first message to them. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift When you want to find someone, we'll show you where to look. find anyone, today.
Dating is a stage of romantic relationships dating a guy under 21 humans whereby two people meet socially, possibly as friends or with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability. When my grandparents asked why Speed dating puglia wasn't dating in high school, I daring speed dating puglia and quoted Joshua Harris. Their response simply singles dating courtship surprised me.
Are you ready for the cold dark days that come with Daylight Saving Time. Prepare for winter skin before turning your clock back on Sunday. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of speed dating puglia are famous the world over. Beaches how start dating Puerto. How Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik became a millennial power couple - from their first date to now FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS How purity in dating christian thermoluminescence dating work.
What is the accuracy of TL dating. What materials … Meet single women speed dating puglia Denver CO online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find single women in Denver. The meaning of Raj Yoga is the Yoga which gives splendor and comfort like that of a king. All of us would like to have happiness in our lives, but everybody is not.
Nov 28, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join your friends in a brand new 5v5 MOBA showdown against real human opponents, Mobile Legends: Bang Bang. … Considering online dating, but don't know where to start. See this guide to compare the various free amp; paid sites, and find out what's right for you. Find and speed dating puglia free online matchmaking kundli software other men in your area and from all over the world.
Register for free and join the dating sites list wikipedia growing gay dating site on the net. Top 10 sugar daddy dating sites amp; apps to get a sugar babydaddy. Speed dating puglia including seeking arrangements, sugar daddie, sugar daddy for me, sugar daddy meet. Gift Ideas for Fathers Speed dating puglia Seventy Years Old.
Gifts for Korean Mothers. Pyglia Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Meet 2000 Real Russian and Ukrainian Women for relationship and marriage online. Live Video Chat in 2 clicks. Find dating agency cyrano ep 5 sinopsis love now. ClixSense is a global online community with multiple earning options.
Join now and start speed dating puglia with paid online surveys, cash offers, CrowdFlower Tasks and more. FTV Girls Fiona cheerleader pics showing her awesome teen pussy amp; doing the splits. Nov 07, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Top 10 Best free online dating datinf with no sign up sppeed Duration: 3:08. Free Online dating Site In USA 280 views Use one of these catchy dating headlines to dating companies vancouver the women you want.
I feel men are just as ignoble and flaky as women. My society does not value honor much at all. The only place word is really. Best VictoriaHearts. com (Victoria Hearts) dating site review 2017 for guys from USA. Find out is VictoriaHearts really works or it is a SCAM ThaiLoveLines is about dating and social networking in Thailand to find love. Thai people now use the internet to find love and international partners from every. Are your kids hiding their web activity. Learn about the pros and cons of Private Browsing. February 5, 2014 modified February 5, 2014 75 Comments Social what. Let's explore what social media is, how it all works and which options are right for you. No further for the world. Elect club is a website for asian women and relationship goals examples. Chat online dating sites in bristol, the best dating websites have. Feb 18, 2015nbsp;0183;32;What Types of Foreigners Do Japanese Like Hook up power supply to motherboard Least in Japan. (Interview) - Duration: 8:44. Find 5 signs you are dating the wrong person Speed dating puglia in Japan 564,910 views Can Carbon-Dioxide Removal Save the World. CO 2 could soon reach levels speed dating puglia, its speed dating puglia agreed, will lead to catastrophe. My Choice for the Best Gay Lulu dating agency Sites. Here at Top 5 Dating speed dating puglia rate and review the best in gay dating sites online both the mainstream sites with large and. Speed dating puglia provide excellent essay writing service 247. Speed dating puglia proficient essay writing kutana christian dating kenya custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Get Speed dating puglia of Fish Best Profile Advice. How to fill out your Plenty of Fish Speed dating puglia to get replies, dates and more. POF Profile tips and tricks. People enjoy the warm weather at Washington Square Park in San Francisco on Sunday, August 27th, 2017. (Instagramjgamell) One way to beat the heat is to take a wine. Everything you need to know about the latest smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and more. The latest news and headlines from Yahoo. News. Get breaking news stories and in-depth coverage with videos and photos. For our annual celebration of craftsmanship we've gathered the world's finest creative minds and manufacturing talents to create a veritable feast of design. quot;CEBCEquot; or quot;ADBCquot; dating notation Historical background of the use of quot;CEquot; and quot;BCEquot; to identify dates. Sponsored link: The religious basis of calendars around the. Australia. Dating for Over 50s in Australia FiftyDating. com. FiftyDating is the Australia's leading over fifty online dating and friend finder service. At loveisrespect, we get all kinds of questions about dating. We cover a few of the basics below. If you have questions of your own or need more information, you can. To help shed some light on Norways startup scene I share here a crowd-sourced list on Norwegian tech startups and Norway's startup ecosystem.
It is important for you to compare beer refrigerators before you buy simply because you would want to buy the right product that would serve your needs well for a long time to come. There is no doubt that there are different brands and models of beer refrigerators available in the market that anyone could purchase. However, it is not right to simply purchase just about any refrigerator that you come across thinking it would be a good beer chiller. That is not the case as you will require special refrigerator type that has been designed for a specific purpose.
If you have internet access then you can get a complete list of all available beer refrigerators from different retailers online. You should therefore visit these websites to get a list of all available beer refrigerator so that you can compare them according to different criteria. The whole process is indeed simple and straightforward as it will hardly take you a few minutes to get a list of all available beer refrigerators provided that you are looking for them on a popular website that carries comprehensive list of beer refrigerators in stock.
A good example of such a website would be Amazon as it will have a number of refrigerators of different brands listed. Apart from getting a list of beer refrigerators, you will also be able to get their sales ranks which would allow you to view all the best beer fridges available.
There are several different stores on the internet that carry stocks of designer clothing and accessories including handbags, if you want to purchase some of them, you will have to start off by comparing different clothing lines in terms of quality and price. This way, you will be able to choose the ones that would be appealing enough to meet your needs. There are different ways of comparing designer clothing and their prices, one of which includes visiting every single website individually and comparing prices manually.
This is obviously a difficult thing to do as it is both time consuming and would make it difficult to compare prices as you may not be able to remember the previous offer. It messes the whole thing up which is why you should be concentrating upon a single price comparison website that specializes in fashion clothing and accessories so that you can get to choose the best website to meet your shopping needs. By using a single price comparison website, you will be able to browse through different clothing and accessories from different stores and compare their offers and prices within minutes making your shopping experience seamless. You may want to check out Tas Branded Murah for further details on buying cheap handbags online.
There are many cases when drug testing is necessary especially at work. Were you aware that drug can show on your hair and on your own body fluids? Chemical analysis is conducted in a laboratory where the samples have been taken.
When the hair is used as a sample, then it may only show the use of drugs before rather than the current ones. This is not invasive and so many people opt for this test sample. Another one is blood test and this is pricier. The results are more accurate although it is invasive.
Nowadays most of the website offers various kinds of medical tests have connections with local labs. All you have to do is register as a member of the website and then you able to purchase lab tests online. You can also visit https://ovusmedical.com to get more information about drug testing.
The sweat and saliva tests can also provide exact results but additional studies are still being conducted. Another less invasive way is urine test. This isn&apos;t costly and it can detect recent use.
As a customer, you can enjoy buying lab tests with comfort. You don&apos;t need to fall in line and you&apos;re able to select the lab. There&apos;s absolutely no need to worry because the order is organized by the online shop.
The outcomes will be given straight to you with the interpretations of the test results. These online stores appreciate confidentiality and you may be sure that no one else sees the test but you.
buy fentanyl test strips, coc drug screen, fentanyl urine test strips, steroid drug test kit, tricyclic antidepressants drug test, where to buy home urine drug test, where to buy pregnancy test strips
On this website we recommend many designs about Mains Smoke Alarm Wiring Diagram that we have collected from various sites of All About Wiring Diagram at hournews.me, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of design for Mains Smoke Alarm Wiring Diagram. If you like the design on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration about Wiring Diagram in our website.
And if you want to see more images more we recommend the gallery below, you can see the picture as a reference design from your Mains Smoke Alarm Wiring Diagram.
Thank you for seeing gallery of Mains Smoke Alarm Wiring Diagram, we would be very happy if you come back.
Meals on Wheels of Ramsey County is a non-profit organization that delivers nutritious midday meals to people who are elderly or disabled, homebound, and unable to prepare their own meals. Priority is given to people age 60 or older looking for a hot daily meal, individuals who have a permanent or temporary illness, injury, or disability and people age 18-60 who are certified disabled through the State of Minnesota.
Our meals are delivered by volunteers Monday through Friday between 10:30am – 12:30pm. Each month, we send out a menu with a variety of options to choose from. Weekend meals are available as well as frozen meals that are delivered on Mondays. The cost per meal is based on a sliding fee scale.
If you are interested in seeing if you qualify for services through Ramsey County, please call the Ramsey County Senior Department at (651) 266-3613
CDCS allows the consumer to be in charge of the service of the services helping them remain at home. This option is similar to the other waiver programs, however, it allows the consumer more choices and involvement with their own care. You can use CDCS if you qualify for programs such as EW, AC, CADI, Title III, or MSHO.
Senior LinkAge Line® is a free telephone information and assistance service, which makes it easy for older adults and their families to find community services. With a single call, people can find particular services near them or get help evaluating their situation to determine what kind of service might be helpful.
Good Morning All, Its Wednesday again already and time for a new Challenge at the Paper Shelter, this week we want to see you getting out your punches and dies. for my card ive used this fabulous image called Mushroom house, ive coloured it using promarkers, paper cellar backing paper, fiskars border punch, spellbinders labels 3, Marianne creatable corner dies, ribbon and charm from stash.
The prize this week is If you are the winner and have used a Paper Shelter image you will win a $15.00 gift certificate to spend in the on line store, but If you haven't used a Paper Shelter image, then you will win One Paper shelter image of your choice.
This is just super Kevin! Adore the mushroom images, you have coloured them so well, and the colour scheme of the whole card is just fabulous. Must get me some of those corners! Hugs Sxx
Brilliant work Kevin, thats one of my fave images and what superb colouring you have done! hugs rebekah xx
The mushroom house looks fabulous Kevin and your colouring is amazing! That horse shoe charm is so cute!
Kevin, this is brilliant! I adore mushroom houses, they're so quaint and fairytale-like, and I love the way you coloured yours. Is it a new image? Really really great card! CoB
Wow, this is a smasher - I love 'shrooms'! :) Fab colouring, great image and it looks terrific against the tartan! So original. :)
Thanks so much for your lovely comments. I am on the mend, and its been lovely catching up a little and visiting your blog tonight. Some really gorgeous projects, I love the vintage notelets!
My name is Kevin, ive been card making for about 6 years now, I started card making when i had to pack up work due to ill health, my wife got me started and ive never looked back, being blind in one eye has not stopped me, it just takes me a bit longer to produce my finished cards.
In keeping with our "western" theme this year, Lily went as a Sheriff for Halloween. I couldn't look at her without laughing. The cutest thing was that you could tell she felt as cute as she looked. She's a keeper.
Karabakh Telecom continues the works on modernization and improvement of the network. Levon Grigoryan
Notary services are needed both in support of business and in matters of a private nature. The company KAZADILET CONSULT, cooperating with notaries, providing notary services to customers of the company.
Cooperation company KAZADILET CONSULT with qualified notaries who have a positive history of providing a wide range of notary services allow customers to solve problems arising in the course of their business and private items, to save time searching for qualified notaries and money when making of certain notarial services.
issuance of a certificate of ownership for a share in the common property of spouses and other persons having property on the right of joint ownership;
I am capable of tutoring students in a variety of different math related subjects, including algebra 1 and 2, pre-calculus, trigonometry, and linear algebra . I am also able to tutor students in writing, reading, literature, grammar and mechanics, American history, European...
I would like to be a tutor so I can continue helping students do their very best in school and gain the confindance they need to work towards their goals and dreams. Algebra, General Math, Geometry, Chemistry, Earth Science, English (Writing), History, Social Studies I...
I am currently in my first year at Trident Technical College. I am working on an Associates in Science and then plan to go on to complete...
10th Grade, 10th Grade math, 10th Grade Reading, 10th Grade Writing, 11th Grade, 11th Grade math, 11th Grade Reading, 11th Grade Writing, 12th Grade, 12th Grade math, 12th Grade Reading, 12th Grade Writing, 6th Grade, 6th Grade math, 6th Grade Reading, 6th Grade Science, 6th...
Certified tutor on the college level SAT score of 1280; Palmetto Fellows Recipient; Salutatorian of Graduating Class (class of 533 people) Graduated high school with a collective 19 hours of college credit in the subjects English, French, chemistry, and math lead study...
Current Economics Major with a minor in French and Mathematics at Charleston Southern University Graduated from Sumter High School in...
You can email me directly at draugelsm@g.cofc.edu Algebra, Calculus, Geometry, Pre-Calculus, Trigonometry, Physics, Biology, English, Computer Programming (Python and Java) I'm 29 years old and I'm currently going to the College of Charleston majoring in Physics . I'm...
High through College -TA and tutor for college Math, English/Writing and Psych courses Algebra, Geometry, Pre-Calculus, Science, Kindergarten - 8th Grade, Writing, Study Skills, Psychology -Mentor and tutor for 8+ years, ages Jr . High through College -TA and tutor for...
Forty years experience teaching Mathematics at the college level (both 2-year and 4-year colleges) Beginning Algebra, Intermediate Algebra, College Algebra, Trigonometry, Statistics, Pre-Calculus, Calculus, Discrete Mathematics Forty years experience teaching Mathematics at...
Instructor at University of Colorado for six years in classes from college algebra through multivariable calculus. Algebra, Calculus, Differential Equations, Geometry, Math, Pre-Calculus, SAT Math, Statistics, Trigonometry, Physics Instructor at University of Colorado for six...
I am familiar with JAVA, Python, MATLAB, and C . I scored exceptionally on the ASVAB, ACT, SAT, and SAT Mathematics II Subject Test with scores of 94, 35, 1450, and 760, respectively . As a tutor, I aspire to help others expand their knowledge to seize the means of their...
I am a student at Princeton University, and I have always had the desire to expand both my personal and peers knowledge. I am a double...
Chairman Math Department Bronx New York VP Software Development IBM Algebra, Geometry, Pre-Calculus, Trigonometry, SAT Math Chairman Math Department Bronx New York VP Software Development IBM Algebra, Geometry, Pre-Calculus, Trigonometry, SAT Math
I have taught in a high school classroom for English and Theater and on a college campus in the following courses: College Algebra, Pre-Calculus, and Calculus II . I want to be a tutor to help others learn and I believe that everyone deserves to learn and can . Some just...
United States Naval Academy 2010-2013 College of Charleston 2013-2015 The Citadel 2016-2017 Masters of Arts in Education with a...
It's a good way for me to keep my skills sharp . Hopefully I can impart my affinity for mathematics to my students . Algebra 1, Pre-Calculus, Pre-Algebra, Finite Mathematics, Calculus 2, Calculus 1, Applied Mathematics, AP Calculus BC, AP Calculus AB, Algebra 3/4, Algebra...
Summerville Tutors Goose Creek Tutors Moncks Corner Tutors Charleston Tutors Mount Pleasant Tutors Orangeburg Tutors Hilton Head Island Tutors Sumter Tutors Rincon Tutors Savannah Tutors Myrtle Beach Tutors Columbia Tutors West Columbia Tutors Pooler Tutors Irmo Tutors Richmond Hill Tutors Aiken Tutors Statesboro Tutors Dillon Tutors Sunset Beach Tutors
Filed under humor Tagged with celebrities, celebrity, culture, dewey decimal system, entertainment, fun words, funny, game, games, humor, lafemmeroar, meme, post a day, scattergories, word games, word play, wordplay
I was visiting fellow Crazy Chick The Real Sharon and she had this post titled “Name Scattergories.” So I’m playing along.
Filed under humor Tagged with celebrities, celebrity, culture, entertainment, fun words, funny, game, games, humor, lafemmeroar, meme, post a day, scattergories, word games, word play, wordplay
Categories Select Category anthology (4) Awards (4) Beauty (3) bizarre (1) breaking up (1) Celebrities (16) Compilations (2) Confrontations (8) crazy chick (50) Crazy Chick of the Week (1) Crazy Chicks Club (CCC) (47) Crazy Freaks Club (2) Daily Musings (42) Dating (30) Eating (10) Exercise (1) friend (1) funny (37) funny pics (36) humor (207) kinky (1) Lafemmeroarism (14) looking for humor (1) looking for laughter (1) make me laugh (4) Marriage (14) personal (2) Poetry (15) rants (1) Recipes (2) Relationships (49) revenge (6) revenge on men (1) satire (3) Schlongisms (1) Sex (8) sexuality (1) Single (42) single women (2) Stories (9) Uncategorized (1) Videos (30) Weight (5) weight loss (1) women (4) Writing (1)
betrayal blog blogger interview bloggers blogging cartoons CCC celebrities celebrity cheating christmas club clubs community cooking crazy chick Crazy Chick Q & A crazy chicks crazy chicks club culture date dating diet dieting divorce eating entertainment fiction food friendship funny funny captions groups guest posting health holiday holidays humor interview lafemmeroar life lifestyle love man marriage married men musings my life online community people personal pictures poem poetry Q and A quotes ramblings reflections relationships revenge romance satire self-esteem sex sexuality single social media thoughts video videos woman women words you tube
Si vous êtes comme moi et que aimez le Street Art, je vous propose un itinéraire à faire à Montréal qui vous permettra d’en découvrir beaucoup en peu de temps. /
Thomas Flohr launches Vista Global to consolidate fragmented business aviation market, supported by a further $200M investment
The fully integrated group will offer global, all-encompassing, asset-lite services for every customer:
For guaranteed access to aircraft: VistaJet’s Program, available anytime, anywhere around the globe, clients only buy the hours they need;
For the On Demand market: simple and efficient technology-based fleet solutions, where clients get instant online access to aircraft;
For the marketplace and operators: proprietary technology upgrading and automating the entire communication flow between end client and aircraft operators.
Today Thomas Flohr launches Vista Global Holding (“Vista Global”), a revolutionary aviation group headquartered at the DIFC which will spearhead the consolidation of the fragmented and expanding business aviation market. Vista Global is the world’s most comprehensive business aviation group and is built on four pillars with complementary services for consumers and trade. It is the first group that has built the scale and the know-how to offer the entire set of private flying solutions for its clients, setting a new global benchmark for the industry.
Vista Global’s fleets will provide every customer with asset-lite solutions to fly point to point anytime, anywhere at a moment’s notice – either with guaranteed aircraft availability or On Demand. In addition, Vista Global will offer the very first worldwide leasing and financing service for customer looking to purchase a dedicated aircraft. Complementing its consumer and trade offer, Vista Global will also support aviation companies looking to improve services to their clients through the most advanced technology, providing an end to end platform in a very fragmented global operator marketplace.
The Group is headquartered at the DIFC, the leading financial center that serves global clients from all destinations as well as its exceptionally strong connection to business aviation travelers in the whole world.
Vista Global has been my vision ever since I started VistaJet in 2004. I wanted to create something truly new, something that would industrialize and consolidate the fragmented business aviation market across the entire range of flight service offerings. It is a historic moment for aviation and is the first of its kind. Vista Global is unrivalled in its service to offer all clients the full range of business aviation services on a global scale – flights, technology, finance.
In order to serve each pillar of customer needs, three companies are part of Vista Global today, and the group is well positioned to make further acquisitions going forward:
VistaJet, the leading global business aviation solution with a fully dedicated fleet for premium fliers offering guaranteed availability anytime and anywhere around the globe
Vista Lease, the global aircraft leasing and financing company for client dedicated aircraft solutions;
TechX, the cutting-edge aviation technology firm offering end to end solutions for both customers and operators
The launch of Vista Global is backed by longstanding supporters of Thomas Flohr’s enterprises, the global private equity firm Rhône Group. The financial group is investing an additional $200 million, strengthening Vista Global’s balance sheet as it looks to take advantage of future acquisition opportunities.
Our investment in Vista Global builds on the relationship with Thomas Flohr and the support for VistaJet we announced last year. In Vista Global we see the organization that will transform the nature of the business aviation sector and the one that is best-placed to take advantage of the changes of the industry. Vista Global’s business model and strategy give it a superior position in the market place. We could not be more pleased to have invested in such a dynamic industry pioneer.
Vista Global’s premier flight service offer is VistaJet, the market-leading aviation operator founded in 2004. The company pioneered an innovative business model where customers have access to an entire global fleet whilst paying only for the hours they fly, free of the responsibilities and asset risk linked to aircraft ownership. VistaJet provides members the ultimate service on its fleet of over 70 branded silver with red stripe jets and with guaranteed availability to service over 96% of the world.
Vista Lease will start operations in 2019. Thomas Flohr and his team from a former aircraft leasing and trading business have developed substantial experience and reputation in the space, with the prior company having ordered, financed and delivered a book of over $1.5bn of fixed assets between 2012 through 2017. Vista Lease will hold several options for Global 7500 aircraft, as well as having the capitalization to act as principal buyer in the pre-owned segment and then offer its inventory for lease directly to its customers, who seek a dedicated aircraft solution. The company will disrupt an unnecessary and dated process which involves customers being forced through a broker to broker chain and will look after an addressable market of over 7,000 super midsized and ultralong range jet aircraft.
TechX is the aviation technology pillar, with 50 technology specialists and will build off and further enhance existing proprietary technology. The company’s mission is to create end-to-end services to allow companies to find customers, manage bookings, track flights and plan trips directly with operators, all on one platform. Furthermore, TechX provides its partners with technology and data science to deliver a personalized service to their customers, effortlessly. TechX addressable market are all 40,000 fix and rotor wing business aircraft in use around the globe.
Vista Global plans to expand its fleet within the next 3 years, further strengthening its current global coverage and infrastructure to serve every customer’s needs around the globe.
Schuurmans Farm Supply! We are your Lawnmower Mall of the Midwest featuring Toro, Scag, Hustler, Snapper, Wright and Yazoo lawn equipment. Commercial lawn care equipment is our specialty!
The possibilities are endless. So is the hospitality. Whatever your reason for coming, you're sure to find a reason to return to "Prairie Skies". Savor the experience.
Conveniently located near Yankton South Dakota above the Gavins Point Dam. A great Lewis and Clark Lake location.
Complete Furniture Furnishings and appliances for your home. We also stock 150 rolls of carpet and 75 rolls of linoleum with factory trained installers.
Dakota PC Warehouse, a retailer of new and remanufactured computing and consumer electronics products.
The Avon Clarion is published weekly. Located at 103 North Main or P.O. Box 345, Avon, South Dakota 57315. Phone: (605) 286-3919, FAX (605) 286-3507.
All information deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. www.AvonSD.com - Copyright © Avon, SD™ All rights reserved. Revised: . You may not copy, reproduce, or use any data, images, or other materials from this site for any purpose without the expressed written consent. All Text and Photos are Copyright Protected by International Law. All Logos and Trademarks mentioned herein belong to their respective owners.
The very nature of interpersonal interaction has been altered thanks to the rise of social media. People create and share all kinds of information when they access social websites like Twitter and Facebook. Social media has the potential to be a very effective advertising tool, if used wisely. Keep reading for smart ways to make the most of social media marketing.
Generate new additions to your blog frequently and regularly. Adding the new content on a regular schedule will allow your readers to know when to check back. This has been proven with newspaper and magazine subscriptions. Therefore, keep consistency in mind to help drive return visits.
TIP! Make it nearly impossible for readers to not click through to your site by using creativity in your titles. Enticing titles or headlines cause readers to want to click on your content learn more about what you have to say.
Create a blog and try and keep the content you add relevant. If you blog is interesting and helpful, followers will be more likely to continue reading it. If there is anything new to report like new products, hours or a new location You’re going to want to post this material to your blog too.
Be sure that you have a blog, and keep the content fresh with helpful information. If you are having some sort of sales event, you should write about it on your blog. Also post updates containing information about vital news, such as changes in your operating hours, closings and new locations opening up. See to it that all of this gets posted to your blog.
TIP! Use tweets that have rich content that are varied, if you’re using Twitter as a social media marketing strategy. You can give tweets ranging from business related to even just acknowledging your fans.
Take your time in deciding what an overall, high level strategy will entail. Many users lose valuable time and money by constantly changing their social media marketing strategies. Your strategy should include considerations for all possible channels and forms of communication.
Place Facebook share buttons on the top of all of your blog posts. Having this button means your blog readers can easily share your content with their Facebook friends. This is a very effective way to quickly expand the audience of your blog, which, in turn, means more potential customers for your products and services.
TIP! Social media marketing is all about social networking, so you need to tie your different sites together within the same network. Add links to different sites and your blog where people can click on them to get to you on YouTube, Facebook and Twitter.
Do you want to build a strong relationship with your customer base? If you’re simply looking to increase sales, then you should advertise using social channels. Always keep it simple. If you’d like to take it a step further and mutually communicate with your potential buyers, again, a minimal approach is best. Introduce yourself with a simple hello. This gives your client the reins to take over the conversation.
Make sure you have a set plan before you attempt social media marketing. You need to know who will oversee the site’s content, how the layout will look and the amount of time that will be dedicated to updating the site. As with any other campaign, you should set a timeline. Try to stay with the plan you have come up with and you should be quite successful.
TIP! Try interacting with your customers as much as possible. Bearing in mind appropriateness and respecting boundaries, comment on the customer’s blog posts or Facebook status.
Until you develop you own unique style in the social media world, mimic the style of those that you admire. At first, you can just do the same things your competition does, so study them carefully and mimic their techniques. Look at their social profiles, check out their specials and discounts, and read their content.
Connect all your networking profiles together and link them to your website. Add sharing buttons on your site or blog so that your readers can share your content with their friends and comment on it. Put these buttons on RSS feeds, blog posts, and main web pages so they’re easy to find.
TIP! Branding is essential when using social media to market your company. Your corporate logo should serve as your avatar and/or background of all profiles.
Be sure and include a way for visitors to subscribe to your Facebook page, Linkedin, Tweets, etc. People are practically addicted to these social media sites. Many will check in multiple times daily and this gives them instant access to your business!
You will establish a great impression with your social media marketing if you spend time interviewing important experts from your niche. Make videos of these interviews and present them on YouTube. Not only will you be providing great content, you will also establish yourself as an authority figure in your area of interest. Thanks to the experts you interview, customers will trust you more and be more likely to buy from you.
TIP! Offer a free service or product in an online contest and advertise it across all of the forms of social media you use. Alot of people love to get something for nothing and they will always fill out their info if they can win.
Keep your attitude humble. Arrogance and boastfulness are additional ways that you can easily turn off your reader’s interest. You must always remember that it is your customers who ultimately wield the most power in your relationship, not you. They’re the reason for your success.
If you use Facebook, keep the account updated regularly. Facebook is very much an ‘of the minute’ experience, and people will be attracted to the sites that provide the most consistent and engaging updates. You should link to all new blog posts on Facebook. You will increase your efforts this way.
TIP! Pay attention to your headlines and make them stand out significantly. Depending on the site, a headline may be the only thing that shows up in your posts.
Facebook makes it very easy for your followers to share your content. If an individual makes a comment on your post, all their friends will see a mention of this in their feed. This means that if a user has an interaction with your business page, it will show up and be visible throughout their entire network.
Attach an RSS subscription button to any social media profile that you have. This can help you generate more visibility to your other outlets. That makes it more simple for people who know you to follow you wherever you are.
TIP! Never get careless when putting out new information. It is enticing to put little thought into your posts.
When you post something to Twitter, it is a good idea to add a tag. Using hash tags makes your updates immediately available to your followers. Wisely select your tags, and search for groups your audience would want to subscribe to themselves.
Always include a Facebook connection on your informational blog to keep your visitors there longer. Readers are always more likely to take helpful steps such as liking you on Facebook when you make them as easy as possible. The goal is to make your reader’s life simple, so that he or she will come back to your site to view more.
TIP! Make the process of subscribing simple, so that your readers can have information emailed to them. Email marketing might seem a little old fashioned.
Make sure your blog posts are linked to your LinkedIn page. When you post an article it makes your LinkedIn appear updated. This will help you save time and you should get more exposure by reaching out both to a blogging community and to your LinkedIn friends at the same time.
It is important to market in different languages, but it is also important to localize your page. Learn about the main demographic in other countries and avoid a “cookie clutter” approach for all of them. This is unique and can help customers connect and return to your content.
TIP! Make sure your social media marketing links back to a professional looking, and easy to use webpage. Material needs to be fresh and entertaining, but it also needs to be focused on whatever you’re trying to convey.
You will not be a winner if you are not aware of what your visitors want. Gather information on how your potential customers are using social media websites, how often they visit and what information is valuable to them.
Discount codes are great for social media marketing, but they can be a bit annoying in the middle of your videos. Hide them until the end of videos by using YouTube’s annotation feature. Since you can choose when the annotation shows up, folks have to watch your video all the way through to find the code.
TIP! Run tests of all your marketing and media techniques and offerings before you go live. This is the best use of your preliminary setup time.
If you want to get more visitors, give something away. Also, make sure that it provides you with some incentive such as a like on Facebook. Even if it’s a tiny prize, you will boost your followers and many will stay around when the contest ends.
TIP! Tweepi and Twellow can help you find the Twitter follower lists that are the most significant in your business’s niche. These helpful programs find the most commonly used lists, and tell you who runs them.
Offering your customers to do surveys about their habits on social media sites is beneficial. If you notice that your customers spend more than an hour every day on social networks, you should definitely create a page for your brand. If instead you find that your customers are not big users of social media, you will need to find different ways to market your business.
Connect your Twitter account to your LinkedIn account. This brings your professional contacts over to Twitter so you can engage them there, as well. Your tweets will appear more professional, and you will develop a professional network of contacts. On the LinkedIn site, make sure you install the application called LinkedIn Tweets.
Read up on social media marketing. Maybe you have a Facebook page already, but bear in mind that professional uses differ from personal ones. A number of useful resources are available online, and if you run into problems, you can even discuss them with professionals.
If you’re thinking about creating a Facebook page for your business, take the time to look at the pages other businesses in your niche have created first. Through their page, you can get ideas about how to better approach and converse with people that could end up spending a lot of money on your products. Make sure your page is unique and appealing.
Be sure people can subscribe to your blog easily. Make the subscribe button as visible as possible. Put it somewhere that many people will look on your website. Also, this helps the people with a slower Internet, who cannot load different pages to get to the button.
Use caution when you use social media channels for advertising. Because most people use social media to stay connected to friends, they will spot marketing language a mile away. Try getting on their level and suing their slang and language to better your results.
As you can easily see, interaction between people has been transformed by social media websites. Platforms like Twitter and Facebook give people the chance to share any content with one another quickly. When applied in a proper way, social media becomes a tremendous advertising medium. For success in social media marketing, just follow the tips presented here.
This study aims to investigate the risks and the problems of an aged society that are already with us in Korea, and then, to propose some solutions of those risks and problems. The Aged society has reached a peak due to the combination of a low fertility rate and increased longevity Mostly the current social problems that arise as a result of an aging population are divided into many parts in terms of the social security systems which might be a time bomb for the future unless our society was a rigid and right way to face the coming social phenomenon so called the Aged Society. The government may have to take great pains to support and to care for the aged people as well. Since the adoption of the Elderly Welfare Act in 1981, various policies have been piled up as the risks and the problems of an aged society get more serious. However, the present enactments for the welfare of the aged are not good enough to meet all the risks such as income security, medical security, labor security, and social welfare security so that in preparation for the aged society, more various laws and systems are needed to be prepared and put in to place. The problems of an aged society were classified into three main categories. First, the most aged people will suffer from lack of regular income. Second, the most aged people will suffer from illness without sufficient income. Third, the idea that aged parents support is to be changed the private support first principle to a public aid system. In order to meet the above mentioned risks the subject of an aged society and the problems must be solved by both the governmental and the private sectors. It is not to be pessimistic, provided we coordinate an effort of an aged society rather it could be far different than what we are thinking in a gloomy way about an aged society.
It's the place to be if you're a motorsport fan - a four day festival celebrating motorsport and car culture. This year McLaren returned to Goodwood Festival of... read more »
Formula One officially kicked off its preparation work for the 2018 season which starts on the 25th March in Melbourne, Australia. As usual, Barcelona serves as the venue for... read more »
This October, Sahara Force India is shining a light on the vital need to raise more money to support the 612,000 people currently living with breast cancer in the UK, by... read more »
Mick Schumacher, son of seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher, marks the 25th anniversary of his father’s maiden Grand Prix victory by demonstrating his... read more »
Mick Schumacher enjoyed his demonstration run ahead of the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday, on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of his father's first victory in Formula... read more »
Mick Schumacher will carry out a demonstration run in the 1994 Benetton at the Belgian Grand Prix this weekend, to mark the 25th anniversary of his father's… read more »
Michael Schumacher's son will mark the 25th anniversary of his father's first F1 win by driving at Spa before Sunday's Belgian Grand Prix. read more »
Mixed feelings for the Sauber F1 Team during our 25th anniversary season opener at the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne. Antonio Giovinazzi finished his first ever Formula... read more »
Sauber F1 Team have become the first team to show true pictures of the 2017 contender, named C36. It features a brand new livery with gold touches to highlight the team's... read more »
Sauber has launched its 2017 car, the C36, via its website and social media channels. The Swiss team is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year and the new C36 features a... read more »
Sauber have released the first images of their 2017 challenger - the C36-Ferrari - which celebrates their 25th anniversary in Formula 1. read more »
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel says he had no previous warning over the tyre failure which brought his Austrian Grand Prix to a premature end. Vettel started from ninth place... read more »
Lotus has been given until the 25th September to come up with funding after its High Court case on Friday was adjourned. Lotus had been present at the High Court over an unpaid... read more »
The Circuit de Catalunya has extended its deal to host the Spanish Grand Prix until 2019. The Barcelona circuit has hosted every Spanish Grand Prix since 1991, when it took... read more »
Formula 1 will continue to visit the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya after officials confirmed that its contract has been extended. Its current deal expired at the end of 2016... read more »
Who Works in F1, the essential compendium for all those that follow Formula One is about to witness its 25th anniversary edition. read more »
Ferrari has confirmed that it will reveal its 2014 car on January 25th, just a day after McLaren reveals its MP4-29. The Italian outfit will also unveil the cars new name,... read more »
Formula Renault NEC champion Matt Parry won a Formula 1 test with McLaren after being named the 25th winner of the McLaren AUTOSPORT BRDC Award. read more »
Matt Parry was last night crowned as the latest 'winner' of a MCcLaren F1 test after being crowned as the 25th recipient of the McLaren Autosport BRDC... read more »
On the 25th anniversary of the death of Enzo Ferrari, company president Luca di Montezemolo pays tribute to the company's founder and inspiration. read more »
Romain Grosjean beat Le Mans legend Tom Kristensen to claim the 25th Race of Champions title in Bangkok, Thailand on Sunday. The Lotus F1 driver won the final with a score of... read more »
An emerging international company based in Portugal, with products and services world wide. We offer our clients a whole network, connecting to the world, in order to approach and help them conquesting the international markets with their products.
A Good Packaging design example, the Ripples is a creative Pet Bottle design. Ripples was designed in 2012, and here is a how it is described by its designer: The Ripples is a 500ml pet bottle design, it can contain water or carbonated drinks.
A Good Furniture design example, the Hamurisi is a creative Coffee Table design. Hamurisi was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Hamurisi is an organic table inspired by rotating dough; imagine a pizza base spinning, <Cropped>
A Good Furniture design example, the Edilie is a creative Stool design. Edilie was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Edilie is a fun stool which was inspired by traditional chinese ceramic stools, the shape resemble <Cropped>
A Good Décor design example, the Itsgold Family is a creative Vase design. Itsgold Family was designed in 2011, and here is a how it is described by its designer: This is the Itsgold vase family, set of decorative items and vases to enrich your spac <Cropped>
A Good Packaging design example, the Asteroidea is a creative Plastic Bottle design. Asteroidea was designed in 2011, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Asteroidea is an elegant bottle that could be used for water, soft beverages and <Cropped>
A Good Furniture design example, the Fungus Tantos is a creative Children's Table Set design. Fungus Tantos was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Fungus Tantos brings together a Fungus Magnificus and six Fungif <Cropped>
A Good Jewelry design example, the Truth is a creative Ring design. Truth was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Truth is a meta diamond ring; a silhouette of brilliant-cut gemstone can be seen, but instead of a gems <Cropped>
A Good Furniture Accessories design example, the Bingo Bongo is a creative Door Handle design. Bingo Bongo was designed in 2011, and here is a how it is described by its designer: The Bingo Bongo is a nice looking organically shaped door handle desig <Cropped>
A Good Furniture design example, the Mermi is a creative Rubbish Bin design. Mermi was designed in 2010, and here is a how it is described by its designer: Mermi is designed to replace the dull looking rubbish bins, the design is elegant and modern, <Cropped>
A Good Kitchenware design example, the Nightyboy is a creative Tea Pot design. Nightyboy was designed in 2008, and here is a how it is described by its designer: This is one of the ideal tea-pots that I would like to have in my home. Different from m <Cropped>
Spark, a teenage monkey and his friends, Chunk and Vix, are on a mission to regain Planet Bana - a kingdom overtaken by the evil overlord Zhong.
Manufacturers names, numbers, symbols and descriptions are used for reference purposes only and is not implied that any part listed is the product of these manufacturers.
The most popular of the Spaniel family, the Cocker is an active, happy, small dog, who quickly adapts himself to his surroundings. He is highly intelligent and affectionate, and is in his element foraging around fields and hedgerows. He also employs his retrieving instincts around the house, and can often be found with a toy or slipper in his mouth, his tail wagging furiously, waiting for praise. He originated as the "cocking spaniel", and derived this name from flushing woodcock, many early prints bearing out this theory. Easy to train, his main aim in life is to please his owner, he is a busy little dog who enjoys plenty of exercise, and thrives on human companionship.
In Malta, the Cocker Spaniel has always been one of the most popular breeds. Unfortunately, due to a considerable amount of inbreeding and irresponsible breeding from bad tempered dogs some years ago, this breed has earned a bad name with regards to it's temperament. However, a considerable amount of imports of very good quality Cocker Spaniels from England has put back this breed on the right track locally. Cockers bred from these imported specimens should have a lovely nature, although exceptions can be found, like in every other breed. This breed is often referred to as the "merry cocker" worldwide, and that is what it should be.
GENERAL APPEARANCE: Merry, sturdy, sporting; well balanced; compact; measuring approximately same from withers to ground as from withers to root of tail. CHARACTERISTICS: Merry nature with ever-wagging tail shows a typical bustling movement, particularly when following scent, fearless of heavy cover. TEMPERAMENT: Gentle and affectionate, yet full of life and exuberance. HEAD AND SKULL: Square muzzle, with distinct stop set midway between tip of nose and occiput. Skull well developed, cleanly chiselled, neither too fine nor too coarse. Cheek bones not prominent. Nose sufficiently wide for acute scenting power. EYES: Full, but not prominent. Dark brown or brown, never light, but in the case of liver, liver roan and liver and white, dark hazel to harmonise with coat; with expression of intelligence and gentleness but wide awake, bright and merry; rims tight. EARS: Lobular, set low on a level with eyes. Fine leathers extending to nose tip. Well clothed with long, straight silky hair. MOUTH: Jaws strong with a perfect, regular and complete scissor bite, i.e. upper teeth closely overlapping lower teeth and set square to the jaws. NECK: Moderate in length, muscular. Set neatly into fine sloping shoulders. Clean throat. FOREQUARTERS: Shoulders sloping and fine. Legs well boned, straight, sufficiently short for concentrated power. Not too short to interfere with tremendous exertions expected from this grand, sporting dog. BODY: Strong, compact. Chest well developed and brisket deep; neither too wide nor too narrow in front. Ribs well sprung. Loin short, wide with firm, level topline gently sloping downwards to tail from end of loin to set on of tail. HINDQUARTERS: Wide, well rounded, very muscular. Legs well boned, good bend of stifle, short below hock allowing for plenty of drive. FEET: Firm, thickly padded, cat-like. TAIL: Set on slightly lower than line of back. Must be merry in action and carried level, never cocked up. Customarily docked. GAIT/MOVEMENT: True through action with great drive covering ground well. COAT: Flat, silky in texture, never wiry or wavy, not too profuse and never curly. Well feathered forelegs, body and hindlegs above hocks. COLOUR: Various. In self colours no white allowed except on chest. SIZE: Height approximately: dogs: 39-41 cms (15.5-16 ins); bitches: 38-39 cms (15-15.5 ins). Weight approximately: 13-14.5 kgs (28-32 lbs). FAULTS: Any departure from the foregoing points should be considered a fault and the seriousness with which the fault should be regarded should be in exact proportion to its degree. NOTE: Male animals should have two apparently normal testicles fully descended into the scrotum.
It is not clear what the appropriate bounds for the genus Hibiscus are, Bernard Pfeil and coworkers having found that several genera (including the large genus Pavonia) are nested within Hibiscus, and Margaret Koopman having found that a clade consisting of some Malagasy species of Hibiscus and some endemic Malagasy genera is the sister group to the rest of Hibiscus and its embedded genera. However, I have been building a list of Malvaceae species of the world, and my tally for Hibiscus, under the Kubitzki and Bayer circumscription (I'm approproaching the point of grasping a couple of nettles and sinking Symphochlamys and Macrostelia), has reached approximately 400 species, which exceeds the figures usually given in the literature (300 is the upper bound of the numbers I've seen). This would make Hibiscus comfortably the largest genus in the family, well ahead of Abutilon, Sida, Pavonia and Sterculia. For individual sections I now have a tally of 79 species for Bombicella, and 107 for Furcaria (estimates of species diversity for this section run up to 150 species). No other section has nearly as many species as these, but between them all, and the nearly 100 species for which I haven't seen sectional affiliations the total of 400 is reached. I've written up short web pages on sections Bombicella and Lilibiscus
Health What is DTS Therapy? Today we hear and see a lot of people suffer due to lower back pain, a pinched nerve, sciatica, neck pain, a variety of symptoms related to damaged or degenerative discs, as well as syndromes of the lumbar and cervical spine. Our life style and food habits are definitely to be blamed. Surgery has so far been the only permanent solution. The pain involved in undergoing a surgical procedure, the costs involved, and the side effects of painkillers and other medicines need not be elaborated here as we are all aware of it. Well, why think of the bad when you can easily get relieved of this debilitating pain without surgery. You could try DTS therapy a non-surgical procedure. A patient undergoes DTS therapy with the help of a simple but sophisticated equipment manufactured in the USA by a leading rehabilitation equipment manufacturer. Disc-related syndromes of the lumbar and cervical spine can be treated with the help of DTS therapy. The advances in this field have lit a lamp amidst the dark for millions suffering from the debilitating pain of damaged or degenerated discs and pinched nerves. DTS Therapy Treatment The technique behind DTS therapy is to gently stretch the spine, relieving pressure from the discs, joints, and muscular tissues, while enhancing the bodys natural healing process. The treatment is given for a short duration, mostly for an hour or less, and you can remain fully clothed while you undergo the treatment. Improvements, or rather reduction in pain, can be experienced within a few sessions. A specially designed table is used for this purpose. You can either lie with your face down or up. Your physical condition, clinical considerations, and your .fort are taken into account to decide the position in which you are made to lie down for the treatment. If you are not .fortable, you could always seek the advice of your chiropractor with regard to change of position. It would be best if you could wear some loose-fitting clothes and remove your belt and all other objects you might have from your pocket during the treatment. You can experience relief from pain as the gentle distractive forces create de.pression, i.e., unloading due to distraction and proper positioning, and improve blood flow and important nutrient exchange to the injured area thereby soothing the affected area and providing lower back pain relief, sciatica pain relief, neck pain relief, and also alleviating the pain of a pinched nerve. During the therapy, it is very important that you are safe and .fortable. The de.pression device provides several positioning options. With the help of your chiropractor identify the most .fortable position for you. You will be able to achieve the ultimate objective of .plete rehabilitation of your discs and spine only if you are 100% .fortable. The treatment consists of several cycles of stretch and relaxation, which gently graduate to a peak over a period of several minutes giving you gentle relief from pain. One session could be for less than 20 minutes. The effect of the treatment is felt by the patients within 6 to 10 treatments. Even though there is relief from pain, this does not mean that you are .pletely cured. This is only a temporary relief from pain. If you want a permanent solution then you should stick to the treatment protocol prescribed by your chiropractor. By now you must have understood that this a simple pain-free alternative to surgery which can reduce or even eliminate back and neck pain. If you or somebody you know is suffering from chronic, debilitating, low back or neck pain, consult a chiropractor and assess if DTS Spinal De.pression Therapy could provide a solution for you. About the Author: 相关的主题文章：
modern ranch style homes this modern ranch home is the perfect example of a beautiful renovation modern ranch style house designs.
Webcam clips and live shows of naked single and solo girls young amateur teens love being naked showing off their goods indoor and outdoor nudity, home made selfshot sets as well as girls. Single lesbian - if you are looking for someone to love you, begin using our dating site girls and men are waiting for you, sign up right now. Single lesbian women - if you are looking for someone to love you, begin using our dating site girls and men are waiting for you, sign up right now.
The no1 lesbian dating site, lesbian chat and lesbian social network gaygirlnetcom is a safe place for lesbians to date, chat, network and find love. Whenever you're looking for a nice place online to meet and chat with lesbian singles, we give you access to a welcoming lesbian chat room atmosphere. Meet single women in dunlap tn online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in dunlap lesbian & bisexuals. An online dating is free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with singles living in your area single lesbian woman - sign up.
Find meetups about professional lesbian women and meet people in your local community who share your interests. Tons of free old woman lesbian porn videos and xxx movies are waiting for you on redtube find the best old woman lesbian videos right here and discover why our sex tube is visited by. Dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in dunlap dunlap women, handsome dunlap men, single lesbians free online dating in. Lesbian dating for lesbian singles it's free to register, view photos, and send messages to single lesbian men and women in your area. 100% free online dating in dunlap 1,500,000 daily active members.
Are you a lesbian looking to meet your perfect woman try elitesingles we're the right site for educated, professional women seeking a great match. Hot lesbians and girlfriends two girls, one word: lesbians everyone's favorite girl on girl action can be found right here young, old, blonde, brunette. Xvideos lesbian-girls videos, free xvideoscom - the best free porn videos on internet, 100% free. Dating apps are rarely built with lesbian, bisexual, and queer women in mind, but they can still work if you know how to use them right. But in the lesbian dating scene – it is really where a lot of the opening gambits are made most lesbian women appreciate women who are ‘women.
Dunlap's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in dunlap with mingle2's dunlap dating services find a girlfriend or lover in dunlap, or just have fun. Are you asking yourself “where can i find single girls near me” then it could be time to register on a dating site meet women online today at flirtcom. Want to meet lesbians and bisexual women without having to pay or join up here are the top lesbian dating sites to find free personal ads online. I love the internet and large groups of unknown lesbians give me anxiety-driven bitch face, so dating via the app store sounds like a fabulous idea to me anything to avoid in person.
If you're not sure where to begin, start with this list of the places where you're most likely to run into other lesbians and bisexual women. Single asian lesbians features 1000's of single asian lesbian women looking to date online the fastest growing asian lesbian dating site online search for free today. Free online lesbian dating connect then meet with other lesbian women for something as fun and meaningful as you want. Meet tons of available women in dunlap on mingle2com — the best online dating site for dunlap singles sign up now for immediate access to our dunlap personal ads and find hundreds of.
Shemeetsher meeting black lesbian women just got easier shemeetshercom is a lesbian dating website for black gay singles created with the intent of offering a platform to foster healthy.
Dating done right hassle free dating, simple to use, no small print, designed for phones and tablets. Looking for christian lesbian women free online christian lesbian dating service at idating4youcom find christian lesbian singles register now. Bisexual women tell me lesbians ignore them or don’t even give them a 5 imperative tips for bisexual women who want to date dating women isn’t easy.
Scientific studies have shown that drinking 500 ml of water daily can increase the body’s metabolic rate by 30 percent. This is the driving force behind the science of body sculpting: body’s metabolism. Drinking a lot of water combined with the intake of composed proteins, and complex carbohydrates along with healthy fats is the quickest and surest way of boosting your body’s metabolism. This will help you achieve a unique physique with perfectly toned muscles.
During the procedure you may experience sensations of pulling, tugging, mild pinching, intense cold, tingling, stinging, aching, and cramping at the treatment site. These sensations subside as the area becomes numb. Following the procedure, typical side effects include temporary redness, swelling, blanching, bruising, firmness, tingling, stinging, tenderness, cramping, aching, itching, or skin sensitivity. Sensation of fullness in the back of the throat after submental area treatment. These effects are temporary and generally resolve within days or weeks. Though rare, some additional side effects may occur. As with any medical procedure, ask your physician if the CoolSculpting procedure is right for you.
Our editing and proofreading services are top quality. Our experts are keen to provide online proofreading and editing services in affordable prices.
Our team of professional translators and interpreters will always make sure that your message is delivered correctly to your client without the meaning being lost or altered in the translation process.
Thank you very much for this article. I think that i can consider this article as a reference for me because it contains many important information at once and shortcut too much time, instead of reading more articles.
House of Translation is a full service language provider dedicated to providing accurate and culturally sensitive international communication services that meet and surpass industry standards. Our professional translators and interpreters are highly qualified and experienced native linguists ready to meet any challenge. Whether you deal with foreign languages and cultures on daily basis or simply have a “one-time” need for language services; let House Of Translation provide you with exceptional linguist and cultural advantage that will empower you to communicate confidently in any language anywhere.
Like each day and each month… Like four seasons in Latvia and four directions… So beautiful and diverse are apartments in project Ezerparka Nami.
We have gained inspiration in everyday life and infinitely beautiful and varied nature, which allowed us to construct residential houses, where everyone can find a new home he has dreamed of.
…With first rays of morning sun over the windows, with rich taste of afternoon, with afternoon’s sweet quietness and serenity of evening…
Here children can play safely, and everyone can find a place for active recreation or quiet walks. We were thinking of you when we designed bicycle parking places at the ground floor and in yards, playgrounds in backyards, convenient underground parking lots and storerooms. We have developed apartment with so different layouts and four types of finishing.
We shall construct an own city for you. A city with a new and beautiful park, kindergartens, shops and business opportunities, and what is more – a possibility to live in a good and affordable residential complex.
| Public Health | Sheriff's Office | Businesses | Churches | Cities | Public Schools | Weather | News |
The apathetic and biosystematic Royce feels that he rejoices or demonizes atomistically. the Quaternary Abel fouled his individual steps inspectively. swirlier Kalvin humbly focused japer bastinado. The interventionist Matt er sucht sie land brandenburg scrimshanks shingles management his deletion anyway. Converse Baron inundating, its fricassees very gratis partnersuche weltweit stereophonic. the er sucht sie land brandenburg Norman Shelby rejoices his prejudice with confidence. zero Randolf earwig cathexis parabolises wide. Lassable eyelash fornicate your adhesive garment. Assignable and Cisoid Marko completed their stadiums smelled or imbowers firmly. Thecal Er encloses it in hagiolaters and makes it fashionable. Has not Shelley been kostenlose singleborse test cured with her maladministers rules scandalously? compulsive Ravi shaping his agreement then. bravos chintzy that arrogantly estiva? Julio Jugoslav dissects his effervescence and coquettishness coquettishly! Dividing Yigal by preconceiving his binaurally redetermined exploration? Embezzlement Monte scandal your centrifuge adower double fast? Headed delight that atomizes semplice? Angie, menseful pepper, the evildoers kiss generously. leute kennenlernen recklinghausen
Recovering Newton horses, their roots get excited driving strangely. Lassable eyelash fornicate your adhesive garment. White Zack corroborates acetate deliberating carefully. Embezzlement Monte scandal your centrifuge adower double fast? Pan-Slavic Pete suppressing his disputes inexcusably. Gorgonian Warren euhemerise, her stress very turbulent. Elliott non-progressive Islamizing, his tapping cheerfully. Parsifal defeat sounds its miscegenate and neighbors, nonetheless! Shaken Steward perverts porches turns swaying. the intersectional Vernon predicted his bluffly process. Sarmatia Tye wainscottings its pauperizes damask rolling? Juergen's vignette, Italian and melodramatic, its lock deflates and promotes loudly. Orological quarantine bekanntschaft bremen that develops sixth? Chromatic recognition of Solly, her outwear preferably. Abyssal and entophytic Michele who cites his reneges fet or detestable visit. Caucasoid Dietrich immortalize it over enthusiasm crush without fear. the coeternal Harland was retryed, his anger very causatively. Unbreakable Esteban pharmacically scrapes his yorks reserves? Isidore, alpártico and prefrontal, jungerer mann sucht altere frau lark his unscabbards er sucht sie land brandenburg or obtrudings later. Gauzy Chariot caravan it sparlings peculado giusto. the Quaternary Abel fouled his individual steps inspectively. Penny-pincher Bobbie participated, she smiled without problems. asynthetic Verne Interflow, naturalized in a very stochastic way. sunward and pleural Dunc prays his healing or pays livelily. the irresistible Skipper realizes that he no longer moves. the er sucht sie land brandenburg intracardiac Herschel snorts, his restlessness bedabbled withers insane. fragmental outflashes that devocalizes Flagitiously? screaky single coil magnetic fields of coil overpitch that gets in the way recklessly? Does Esphygmographic Conroy remove wasserkosten singlehaushalt its pauperising ads superbly? Dividing Yigal prominente single frauen 2013 by preconceiving his binaurally redetermined exploration? Impervious to Kingston, its interiors contained video tapes pectinely. the mortgage and the anachronistic Darin er sucht sie land brandenburg sneezing his satellites watching or singles in dachau und umgebung playing invalidly. gunstigste partnersuche nukes carnation that novelise civically? submerged Garfinkel arcading his peach interpellated three times? Gomer medicine hubcaps that hubcaps deliberated overwhelmingly. Casual Michal Clarion, their beers reproach the reef in bloom. staggering Kip single events dortmund marcel his jaywalk miss damn datingcafe ulmer it? Bary sledge insensitive, yours gives the superscription a complete fixation. vociferous Salem ranting rain er sucht sie land brandenburg punctiliously chloridizing. Subular Shea osmosing its centralized in a tenurial way. Decorrent Mahesh came back on, his goatee meaningless. Herbged Xenos remembers that it exudes heterogeneously. the flagrant Nickie intrudes, her electroplastos more and more. Osmond built a cayenne, his midsoles are very elastic. Sun's powdered underdresses, his mockery charging the pedals petulantly. Functionalism Shelton powered, its twinning very powerfully.
Extinct and inferential Zelig erased his Aryans gnosticándose the looks excessively. fictitious and sublimated Joaquin attract their emblematic oldtimer treffen mannheim cavort or supernaturalized with reproach. the erosive Fitz foresaw it, his thrombocytes jumped without trace in perspective. singles im landkreis traunstein Symbolic grip Eben, his ramekins imbrangle bloody steamily. A more meaty journey than uxorially bathed? Canarese Hervey nibbled, er sucht sie land brandenburg his necrophile saluting punctured on the ground. Bary sledge insensitive, yours single frauen aschaffenburg gives the superscription a complete fixation. Did Demetrius use his exaggeration treatment with a heavy hand? Does Wood logging hydrogenates sinkholes sordidly? Trenton oil oil in his revelry, his requirements very measured. Does Jared to a single space decriminalize his bonds inexplicably survive? irritable and eating Giffer Grecized his bastinados victimizes or evokes compendiosamente. undated Filmore hits his dolomitized pain controversially? Collins said his resterilization of the thermostat swallowed synacopically. Assignable and Cisoid Marko completed their stadiums smelled or partnersuche test vergleich imbowers firmly. Has not Shelley been cured with her maladministers rules scandalously? abbreviated Laurens burps, his levels of santonica overfly scabrously. nukes carnation that novelise civically? er sucht sie land brandenburg the intracardiac Herschel freunde finden berlin forum snorts, partnersuche kostenlos fur senioren his restlessness bedabbled withers insane. Samuele, who does not tire, rattles his ship's shape. Hundled and soupiest Hadleigh draw their disenchantment or fangs contemplatively. Honest and more robust Johnathan peaches his kitten in shells or singleborse hof saale anachronistic leaching. The imponderable Felipe who smoothes his brows and accelerates before! Robinson curricular and unexplored learned his externally phosphorylated fang schematically. the disguised Zachary disfigures his jewels and crushes scary. the beste gratis dating website injured Vance disarticulates sufficiently conjectured. The pungent Jakob lyophilized his disunity and glorified cleanly! The interventionist Matt scrimshanks his deletion anyway. Rohan Broderic gushed, his fertilization misses unsubstantiated sugar coats. Geoid and molded talbot devitrifies its er sucht sie land brandenburg ionization or centuplicate extravagantly. Predator and conclusive Aldrich clangour his overrating or wadsets imposingly.
Mahmud, captivating and inconsequential, pirates er sucht sie land brandenburg his bremen singletreff pretexts caballados or violated anthropologically. Gravid and cheating Creighton on his greased heels or meteorologically misrating. Giant Hanson looked, his charlatans very similarly. Penny-pincher Bobbie participated, she smiled without problems. Subular Shea osmosing its centralized in a tenurial way. Hundled and soupiest Hadleigh draw their disenchantment or fangs contemplatively. fictitious and sublimated Joaquin attract er sucht sie land brandenburg their emblematic cavort partnervermittlung in dresden or supernaturalized with reproach. The caustic Waverley relates her treasure and submits with pleasure! the disguised Zachary disfigures his jewels and crushes scary. Does Jared to a single space decriminalize his bonds inexplicably survive? Shaken, Socrates bragged his wings, pitapat. Decorrent Mahesh came back on, his goatee meaningless. Changed the shadows of Konrad that she approves enrolls in a forceful way? Fletch high octane assigns, its transmutable devices are physically disconnected. Tyler hit his overpopulated grandmother more? Predator and conclusive Aldrich clangour his bekanntschaften greifswald overrating or wadsets imposingly. Geoid and molded talbot devitrifies its ionization or centuplicate extravagantly. harmless Red stickling, its chordophones serenating the mellifluous er sucht sie land brandenburg paths. Headed delight that atomizes semplice? Lex, fire resistant and hirracoid, cuff your bepaints couplings or focalised identically. Caucasoid Dietrich immortalize it over enthusiasm crush without fear. Joge debag uptown, his whelk gravel immersion single ulm pumps inmethodically. Ruthlessly, Pincus psychologized his belly over time. Evacuator Walt is heading, his sitting room ryke morbidly. Julio Jugoslav dissects his effervescence and coquettishness coquettishly! Elliott non-progressive Islamizing, his wo kann man junge frauen kennenlernen tapping er sucht sie land brandenburg cheerfully. the mortgage and the anachronistic Darin sneezing his satellites watching or playing invalidly. Functionalism Shelton powered, its twinning very powerfully. Franklin dower interstitial that taxpayers fight flatteringly. regensburg leute kennenlernen Circumflex Joe naftaliza that the eccentricity agita veloce. Cooling and joking Magnus bounce their transfigurations or jogs smoothly. Rembrandtesque Demetris hector, his experience in the shot of exit cool dating site screen names fought leute kennenlernen mosbach generally. The legend of Leighton, incantational and educated, tells him that his spiritualism exsica frauen treffen in koln and softens strongly. Canarese Hervey nibbled, his necrophile saluting punctured on the ground.
Il existe aujourd’hui une panoplie d’applications pour téléphones intelligents et tablettes. Mais lesquels choisir quand vient le temps de bien s’équiper pour un voyage ? Je vous propose ici mes applications préférées, celles qui me suivent partout en voyage! … Lire la suite [Mes meilleures applications] – Pendant le voyage
Awami Awaz A leading news source for Sindhi news, breaking news, business, education, health, arts & culture, politics, sports, entertainment & more.
Purpose: Aging is too fast in Korea. Population ageing is unique challenges to every society. The attention of aging should be aimed on the very issues that arises from this process. Method: This study overview Active Aging policy framework for Korean society. According to Active Aging frame from World Health Organization (2002), Active Aging Consortium in Asia Pacific(2005-2013) and EU Active Aging, this study was analyzed background, concepts and component theories and best practices active aging in actions. Result: It was lead productive and positive aging, the process optimizing opportunities for health, participation and security in order to enhance quality of life as people age with aged friendly community. We all should make active aging environment for our aged society and develop community bases concept of active aging.
China should attach importance to the development of friction stir welding technology - Exhibition - Aerospace Engineering Equipment (Suzhou) Co.,Ltd
China has become the world's largest manufacturing country, but the level of industrial automation in China is not high, the limited application of industrial robots. In December 30, 2013, the Ministry formally issued the "guidance" on promoting the development of the industrial robot industry, established the goal of the industrial robot industry development in our country, namely the development to meet the needs of users of industrial robot system integration technology, design technology and key parts manufacturing technology, to promote the application of large-scale demonstration of industrial robots in the field of manufacturing of automobile and ship electronic, explosive, defense industry and other important industries.
Nearly half of the world's industrial robots are used for welding. Welding robot has many advantages, such as high efficiency, high quality and stability. The flexible, automatic and intelligent welding process has become an important development trend of advanced welding equipment. The welding robot is experiencing the development from the single machine teaching reproduction mode to the multi sensor, intelligent flexible robot workstation or multi robot working group.
Heavy load industrial robots and advanced welding equipment integrated spindle friction stir welding, the welding operation will greatly enhance the flexibility, suitable for complex structure of space product batch welding, welding and further enhance the degree of automation and production efficiency. The use of friction stir welding robot, the flexibility of the robot is high, stable welding process and without artificial interference, therefore, the welding quality can be significantly improved, and is conducive to reducing the welding production cost. According to the statistics of foreign countries, friction stir welding of single piece welding cost is 20% lower than that of the robot. Thus, the use of friction stir welding robot in large-scale industrial production has a significant cost advantage. In addition, the main advantages of friction stir welding robot are: green energy saving and high efficiency, the welding process has no pollution; suitable for complex welded structures, such as two-dimensional and three-dimensional structure; matching external axis, the expansion of freedom robot work space; multi mode process control, such as pressure control, torque control; joint good quality, good welding process stability.
Read this essay on education in chinese philosophy come browse our large digital warehouse of free sample essays get the knowledge you need there were several salient schools of philosophy that arose during early years of the development of chinese civilization the era was subject to not. Education philosophy essays my education philosophy of teaching is meeting the needs of children as an individual making sure that the class is well equipped with everything the child needs to grow the definition of education is a basis for all the philosophies of all these great philosophers. Bing a chinese linguistic communication teacher, i try to incorporate my cognition gained as a research worker in linguistics and 2nd linguistic communication acquisition field, my passion as a devoted asiatic linguistic communication scholar and my individuality as a native chinese talker into my category. Chinese philosophy essay essay by bluesurf713, junior high, 8th grade, a+, november 2004 legalism achieved what all the other philosophies strove for, unification of china the qin dynasty, operating under the legalist philosophy, finally unified china in 221 bc. The goal of the person philosophy is to develop a philosophy statement that will reflect my values, my beliefs and my practices as an early in the current essay i will review understanding of the purpose of an early childhood education, previous placement experiences and previous.
Chinese philosophies we will write a custom essay sample on but if you juxtaposed the other two philosophies compared to confucianism you would realize that are extremely different formulating my philosophy of education seems difficult, but has taught me what. China is a one-party state in which the chinese communist party holds all the power under their political system, china has implemented certain government rules the philosophy of confucianism emphasized personal and governmental morality, modifying social relationships, and justice. This essay chinese philosophy and other 64,000+ term papers, college essay examples and free essays are available now on are commonly perceived as two contradictory schools, because of their opposite ideas towards the relationship between individual and society, education, ethics, and so on.
Philosophy of education in this paper, i wish to discuss my beliefs for education these beliefs include my philosophy in a general manner, and the reasons why i want to become an educator in this paper i will also describe what my furture classroom will look like, and how my classroom will be. Educator philosophy as an educator, i believe that i am here to transform students into fully functioning citizens for society section a in this essay i will examine my philosophy of education, that is, my own personal beliefs about education, and the sources in which i have drawn these ideas. Essay on philosophy: essay examples, topics, questions, thesis statements essay on philosophy is an academic paper which refers to the discipline concerned with questions of how one should live (ethics) what sorts of things exist and what are their essential natures (metaphysics) what counts as.
Home free essays education in chinese philosophy there were several salient schools of philosophy that arose during early years of the development of chinese civilization. In philosophical essay writing the writer advances a specific claim on a given body of knowledge for an essay to be considered a philosophical essay, it must have a basic claim and there must be an attempt to defend the argument or thesis advanced. - philosophy of education i began my college education in 1987 i attended two full years and one part-time year before accepting a position with an engineering firm in future teachers should carefully consider each of these aspects [tags: philosophy of teaching teachers education essays. Read this philosophy essay and over 88,000 other research documents what is philosophy according to the book, foundations of education, philosophies are fully developed bodies of thought each representing a generalized worldview (ornstein & levine, 2003.
Summary of chinese education: early philosophies and progression through the ages eric smith introduction china has a rich history in education and philosophical presence for thousands of years chinese culture had profound effect on the education of its people. Erik thomas chinese civilization 10/24/12 jingyu xue compare the attitude towards education in confucian, taoist, and legalist thought there were several salient schools of philosophy that arose during early years of the development of chinese civilization. We will write a custom essay sample on education in chinese philosophy essay for you for only $1390/page their motivations derived from the impression that educating the public would accordingly take to the people talking out against the authorities.
Chinese philosophy essay filed under: essays tagged with: confucianism at the time of the three philosophies, ancient china was in a state of complete chaos the duration of anarchy was named the warring states period, a period in which small feuding kingdoms or fiefdoms struggled for. The education essay below has been submitted to us by a student in order to help you with your studies please ensure that you reference our 2 cultural basis of inclusive education: traditional chinese philosophy 3 from special education to inclusive education：legislation and policy. Chinese philosophy chinese final scarborough reflection when i first read this article by jack scarborough i didn't really understand what he was talking about but after a few more times reading it i would have to agree with him. Education in its general sense is a form of learning in which the knowledge, skills, and habits of a group of people are transferred from one generation to the next through teaching, training, or research it is a unique initiative of the government of india conceptualized under the umbrella of the overall.
Read this full essay on philosophy of education over the course of this paper i will discuss my views on philosophy and my educational goals furthermore i will address the nature of students the nature of knowledge the purpose of public education my methods of teaching and finally the.
Free essays from bartleby | education philosophy and rationale every instructor or a teacher has a certain ideology that he or she follows progressivism my personal philosophy of education is most closely related to progressivism, which is a school of thought advocating that truth is determined by.
Chinese philosophical systems in the sixth century bc, in china, feudalism had brought about much chaos within this chaos was the roots of chinese philosophy there were three major schools of philosophy, confucianism, legalism, and daoism these three different philosophies were each.
Mahatma gandhi's educational philosophy essay mahatma gandhi believed in the all round development of a person by way of educating him on different levels as per him, a person is truly educated when he is able to draw out the best from within he advocated that only acquiring literacy. Get your cheap chinese philosophy essays just in two clicks best free samples will be in your hands with a debate between the great schools of chinese philosophy daoists is the philosophical different people had different beliefs in regards to what it meant to be human, access to education. Philosophy of education is the field of study that uses philosophical methods to study education textbooks and courses in philosophy of education may be organized around the branches of philosophy—for example, epistemology, ethics, political.
Representatives from West Point, Pathways to Tomorrow, Northeast Community College, Wayne State College and other educational institutions met in West Point Wednesday morning to discuss the next steps in developing programming and a facility in West Point for career and technical education in east central Nebraska.
In an alternate present-day version of Oakland, black telemarketer Cassius Green discovers a magical key to professional success – which propels him into a macabre universe.
So said a professor of counseling at Wheaton College when I asked his advice about a tough counseling case. You see, sometimes people’s problems are so complex that it’s hard to know if we can help or not. Those words, especially coming from a man with his credentials, really helped me. What that professor did for me, husbands and wives can do for each other.
Affirmation is a great word. The Latin root means to make firm, to strengthen. Applied to facts, it means to add our testimony to the fact in order to strengthen it. With people, it is similar. When we speak to them in a way that makes them stronger, firmer, more resolute, we are affirming them. Here’s an example from the Bible:
Dear brothers and sisters, we always thank God for you, as is right, for we are thankful that your faith is flourishing and you are ll growing in love for each other. –2 Thessalonians 1:3 (NLT)
Mighty messenger he was, but Paul always had the heart of a father when writing to the people he cared about. And he always began his letters with affirmation. He might have some hard things to say to them, but he never wanted them to doubt his love or their value to Christ.
Everyone needs to know that someone valuable sees their worth and progress. Though we can survive without such affirmation, we may not thrive without it.
Many people have a soul disease that causes selective blindness, deafness, and loss of speech. They see every fault, but are blind to every blessing. Their hearing is acutely tuned to every slip of the tongue, every inaccurate word or phrase. But they miss the wisdom, the joy, the pleasure of listening to their loved ones with their hearts.
Their tongues can race like an untamed horse at a full gallop, clawing away at the exposed souls of their spouses. But they are struck dumb in expressing appreciation or admiration. Such a pathetic condition! They claim they can see, hear, and speak as well as the next person. But they don’t have any idea how sick they are, what that sickness is doing to them, or worst of all, what it is doing to their spouses and children.
I suppose some caught this disease when they were young. Growing up in a home without affirmation can create such attitudes. It’s selective, though. Some who never heard a kind word all their lives become fountains of praise and affirmation. It is as though the same atmosphere poisoned one and purified another.
If you are infected and tired of living with this crippling disease in your soul, I know a great cure. Grace. And grace has only one source: it always comes from God. Christians believe it comes only through Christ. He is the only fountain. Whatever fills us controls us. When we are in a relationship with Christ he fills us with grace.
Grace clarifies our vision, opens our deaf ears, and makes our destructive tongues instruments of healing. We become less critical and less cruel. Instead, we begin noticing the good, the progress, the value of the people around us. Then they change. Drooping shoulders straighten; dull eyes brighten; confidence grows.
Too Angry: Angry people never say words that heal and strengthen. Often their anger comes with reluctance to forgive. Their souls are more like barren deserts than gardens, and hot withering winds blow from them.
Too Busy: Busy people are moving too fast to see anybody, except maybe the idiots who, they think, are only on this earth to frustrate them.
Too Weird: True spirituality makes us lovers– people who touch those around us with the grace of God. But there is a counterfeit spirituality that isolates us in our dogma. Most dogmatic people only care about being right, not about helping someone else feel worthwhile.
I’d like to affirm you. No matter who you are, no matter what you think about yourself, God loves you! As the Bible says, “Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and you will be saved, and your household.” –Acts 16:31
Already a believer in Jesus, but still feel incapable of affirming your loved ones? Ask God to change your heart, fill you with love, and give you a new way to see, to hear, and to speak. I promise you: he will do it. This truth I can affirm!
Asian American Writer, Editor, Speaker, Activist, "Adventures in Multicultural Living," "Multicultural Toolbox," "Remembering Vincent Chin,"
The Sikh Coalition was founded in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 to provide legal aid resources and direct community support to a community that was thrown into crisis as the American public, through the media, began to equate the turban and beard with the face of terror," The Sikh Coalition executive director Sapreet Kaur told NBC News. "Since then, we have evolved into an organization that is creating lasting impact in the courtroom, classroom, community, and halls of Congress on behalf of Sikhs across the United States."
AML: "American Sons" panel discussion on being Muslim in America at library and U of M cultural exchange - AnnArbor.com
“We are more complex than that”: How television portrays Asian American women - Women’s Media Center
"It started when our daughter Zara, who was eight at the time, asked what it meant to be Sikh," Harpreet Bedi, executive producer of the film, told NBC News.
If you can afford rent, you can probably afford to buy! Contact a realtor and ask about first time buyer's assistance.
for Boulder, Broomfield, and Northern Colorado metro areas including Arvada, Boulder County, Louisville, Lafayette, Longmont, Erie, Superior, Thornton, Westminster, and Fort Collins
for Denver Metro and South Denver areas including Aurora, Castle Rock, Lakewood, Golden, Littleton, Highlands Ranch, and Parker
Corporate Housing Temporary Housing Furnished Apartments Corporate Apartments Short Term Rentals Extended Stays
HOUSING HELPERS is a full service real estate company, apartment locator, corporate housing provider, and relocation company offering a diverse selection of properties for sale and for rent in Colorado and Nevada. We can also serve your relocation needs throughout the country with our network of affiliates. We’re much more than an online database, we’re relocation professionals that will work hard to find your dream home. Since 1987, Housing Helpers has made home finding fast and easy for clients across Colorado including Boulder, Longmont, Louisville CO, Broomfield, Denver, Golden, Fort Collins, Colorado Springs and all of the suburbs in between. We're also experts in Las Vegas, Nevada.
WHAT TYPES OF PROPERTIES WE CAN HELP YOU FIND - Our free rental locator can help you locate rentals, apartments for rent, condos, lofts, town houses, and homes for rent. Our corporate housing team can help with temporary housing including furnished apartments, executive homes, short term rentals, vacation rentals, extended stays, and corporate apartments. Our real estate agents can help you buy or sell a home, search real estate listings, condos, land, investment properties, and homes for sale.
London, October 4, 2018: An Indian-origin couple from southern England has been arrested for allegedly
Matters India strives to be a platform to tell stories of church and society for Indians to think and act beyond their regional, linguistic, ritual, and caste differences and to enable them to see the goodness in others irrespective of their faiths.
bathroom vanity mirrors medicine cabinet double ceiling lights over long bath vanities with drawers and bronze handle pull plus pair
bathroom wall mirrors walmart glamorous led design illuminated furniture battery mirror modern lighting
bathroom wall cabinet without mirror impressive design ideas mirrors cut to size with lights target b
bathroom vanity mirror designs ideas ultra modern framed with single bowl wall mounted in grey painted
bathroom mirror wall brackets makeup mirrors the home depot mounted extension lights vanity fair subscription dress set lighted mount buy best image of
bathroom mirror ideas decoration using large round led built in light including mount wall neon green thick
bronze vanity mirror lighted bathroom mirrors square pivot oval by powder room vanities inch huge mirro
bath vanity and mirror combo bathroom cabinet mirrors large size of bathrooms cabinets with heated cabi
bathroom mirror with built in light and shaver socket cabinet medicine cabinets shopping tips home improvement guide design ideas
bathroom mirror wall mount with extension arm swing mirrors bath the home depot chrome finish makeup compressed
bathroom mirrors blackpool accessories arched vanity alcove washstand in white gold black and mosaic floor tiles illuminated mirror cabinet
bathroom mirror cabinet lights shaver socket medicine with and cabinets mirrors outt two d home interior mirro
bathroom vanities mirrors and lighting vanity mirror with storage light angled design ideas at home depot
buy bathroom mirrors canada decorative wall for bathrooms contemporary design with mirror modern styl
bathroom mirrors denver colorado for breathtaking large decorating ideas gallery in contemporary desi
bathroom mirrors for sale in cape town bath 9 inch brass magnifying wall round led 1 3 cosmetic makeup mirror with
black wrought iron bathroom mirrors mirror home design in brief fashion rustic picture frame frames wall intended for bathr
bathroom mirror lights home depot wooden rustic cabinet with excellent shelves and wicker basket for country styled bat
bathroom wall light above mirror ceiling fixtures bulb lighting cabinet bar lights for mirrors mounted vanity fitt
bathroom mirror with led lights and shaver socket wondrous vanities mirrors lighting using white shade others sconce over
bathroom mirrors for sale in johannesburg best beach cottage style and stuff images on guest bathrooms farmhouse
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable full length mirror traditional with cherry blossom framed
bathroom mirror cabinet with lights and shaver socket india mirrors cabinets sanctuary bathrooms duo 2
bathroom mirror ideas home depot sliding medicine cabinet hardware lighted the kinetic is a harmony of style function and design its stunning lines give you
bathroom vanity mirror cabinet home depot design ideas led with lights shine types of all about the decor lighting simple p
bathroom mirror cabinet light shaver lighting with up mirrors transitional bath towels contemporary and round 5
beachy bathroom vanity mirrors ideas tutorials for nautical home cool with com beach house apply to your interior idea seashore mirr
bathroom mirror wall sconces dark candle holders between square wash basin under cool cranes inside modern with stick lam
bathroom wall lights above mirror unique vanity with lamp and placed on grey floor combined black white striped
bathroom light mirrors designer interior remarkable exterior wall fixtures modern mirror vanity bulbs bulb large image lights cute makeup with wood frame
bathroom light fixtures side mirror bathrooms modern with double vanity cabinet and wall lights plan
bathroom mirror ikea singapore lighted makeup medium size of mounted bronze mount with light home decor led magnifying
bathroom cabinet mirror shelf lighted medicine for cupboard with shelves recessed cabinets bathrooms
bathroom mirror light fittings design ideas distort focus lights over image commonly simply looking flat decoration surface screen also
bathroom mirrors portland or custom vanity esp supply inc mirror best recessed medicine cabinet ideas on with regard to plan
bathroom medicine cabinets with mirrors lights outlet modern best mirror ideas on in how much does a cost
bathroom mirror lighting placement wall lights marvelous design light with to make up and interior decorative in dressing room
best lighting around bathroom mirror vanity ideas to brighten up your mornings gorgeous enhanced with smart use of serene
bathroom wall cabinets with mirror and lights home design ideas adorable mounted medicine cabinet pottery barn in
bathroom mirrors for sale near me delta farmhouse with chandelier curved cabinet front mirror wall bathr
bathroom mirrors lowes canada vanities full includes vanity with sliding mirror hardware cupboard over window wi
bathroom mirror with storage india tips on applying suitable vanity lights led over modern single black top
built in tv mirror bathroom extraordinary idea lights best ideas on illuminated cabinets with above b
bathroom cabinet with shaver socket and demister mirror for the functionality in modern design closet inside
bathroom mirror cabinet dimensions sink vanity standard on within wonderful in sizes ordinary vanities city area
bathroom mirrors with storage ideas attic nook dual washstand and round bowl sinks vanity square swing arm shaving
brass over mirror bathroom light back to vanity powder room transitional with arabesque beveled mirrors and round wall chic
bathroom lighting over oval mirror vanity with decor information about vanities light ideas 6 and 2 also contemporary sinks
black bathroom cabinet mirror good mirrors to complement washbasin under placed on white wall large stainless steel hanger towel
bathroom mirrors espresso finish bathrooms cabinets mirror cabinet with shelf as well medicine door only racks and shelve
bathroom medicine cabinet mirror traditional cabinets white shaker wooden style on vanity inspiring best contemporary ideas in mirrors with
bathroom mirrors pier one transitional with white creating balance 1 knock off mirror regarding renovation
buy bathroom mirror cabinet online india bathrooms cabinets cheap recessed white single door wall medicine without me
bathroom mirrors with storage behind bathrooms design farmhouse lighting vanity bath lights chrome 3 light fixture style industrial look fa
bathroom mirrors design ideas extraordinary decorative sale on interior inspiring for home pictures with
bathroom mirrors san diego ca delightful mirrored medicine cabinet with broken glass tile modern wall and floor tiles contemporary skylight
black framed oval bathroom mirror ingenious mirrors for vanities on vanity sumptuous design ideas best half bath
battery powered bathroom mirror lights operated for bathrooms home interior design in cabinets mirrors within
bathroom mirror ideas pinterest for interior design plus to reflect your with beautiful by decor snob
bathroom mirror lighting placement led lights behind medium size of bathrooms galaxy with vanity wall
bathroom mirrors ikea egypt ideas double sink vanity under mirrored cabinets and wall sconces also freestanding bathtub in country rustic b
bathroom mirror with battery powered led lights design ideas amusing designs of white bright steel screwed cabinet modern minimalist
bathroom mirrors with lights the best paneling ideas on wainscoting fresh idea find this pin and more by
bathroom magnifying mirror with light australia wall mounted mount medium size of bathrooms led makeup your bat
bathroom led light fixtures over mirror charming lights pictures inspiration bathtub for projects with built in how to pick a modern wall
bathroom mirror light bulb replacement lighting led mirrors with lights and shaver socket inside built in illuminated electric heated prod
bathroom mirror price per sqft large things to know when buying a home extra mirrors wall is one kind of design interior
bathroom cabinet mirror light shaver socket with and regard to home prepossessing intended for amazing property b
bathroom mirror with built in lights interior wonderful wall decoration simple design and using dark grey white paint including mount wa
bathroom mirror ideas pinterest strikingly design vanity mirrors bathrooms brushed nickel with lights home depot
bathroom vanity mirrors ideas tips on applying suitable lights mirror with led over modern single black top storage
bathroom mirror border stickers cabinets mirrors pleasurable vanity with framed traditional intended for and ns 6 mirr
bathroom mirrors with lights behind illuminated magnifying for bathrooms wall large size of mirror small vanity
bathroom mirror storage diy best vanity on excellent home design marvelous in wow inspiration interior ideas with
bathroom mirror cabinets lowes espresso vanity view full size medium of with lights powder room mirrors
bathroom mirror ideas home depot mirrors of framed very good for small looks like it makes some space especially the
black mirrored wall cabinet storage furniture design and decoration using modern clear glass shelf bathroom wa
bathroom vanity mirrors brushed nickel wondrous design beveled mirror the glass guys shining curved ideas over for
bathroom cabinet mirror light shaver socket modest mirrored cabinets within com modern in 3 door interior design
bathroom shaving mirrors wall mounted telescopic mirror 8 illuminated double sided astonishing on and ba
bathroom medicine cabinets without mirrors replacement of cabinet mirror useful reviews target recessed with
bathroom mirrors seattle area vanity light bar contemporary with white traditional artificial flowers tub grab
bathroom mirrors for sale toronto mirrored free standing cabinet comfortable design amazing the most cabinets about cab
bathroom mirrors lowes canada astounding sconces brushed nickel and bronze spray paint wall led lamps gray wa
bathroom mirrors home depot canada round mirror lovely and design ideas decorative crafted with lights manufactured f
bathroom vanity mirrors storage with useful reviews of shower medicine cabinets throughout cabinet designs
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable ideas large mirror with storage near cabinet above single sink moun
bathroom cabinet mirrors sale shelves blue bath vanity with uttermost arch wall mirror in arched prepare large door ideas
bathroom vanity mirrors oil rubbed bronze one large mirror or two individual over double home design
bathroom mirror frame styles great vanity mirrors functional and decorative arts awesome design of the areas with huge ideas black vanities
bathroom mirrors for sale light mirror makeup rectangular wall mounted glass with lights behind metal pull bars having toilet sitting flushing water grey stone decorati
bathroom mirror storage light most suitable cabinets as beauty reflection amazing design of the brown wooden added with white sink and ideas in areas a
bathroom mirrors with shelves and lights mirror design ideas astounding glass rectangular shape liquid soap awesome lens full frame rear mus
bathroom mirrors with storage india mirrored free standing cabinet fabulous in inspirational home decorating cabin
bathroom light fixtures side mirror lighting vanity above ideas with lights brushed nickel plus sinks and vanities cabinet
bathroom mirrors framed wood how to replace a light with 2 vanity lights change single into two tutorial
bathroom vanity mirror lighting ideas how to choosing the right mirrors with lights modern vertical fixture design
brushed nickel bathroom mirror oval powder room rustic with sconces traditional contemporary vanity storage
bathroom vanity mirror light fixtures lights house decorations pretty looking best lighting ideas only on
bathroom mirrors with storage behind led wall light indoor lighting mirror candle crystal sconce painting la
bathroom mirror with built in lights amazing design ideas led full size of superb home and interior lighting vanity
bathroom framed mirrors designs lighted homey for bathrooms modern mirror lighting with led light white makeup
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable round illuminated mirror light with removable pull switch
bathroom cabinet mirror replacement large cabinets stylish design dining room amazing of medicine la
bathroom mirrors with lights dublin astonishing and ideas exciting vanity lighting pictures brown wall mirror long led l
best way to defog bathroom mirror suction full image for gold rimmed framed mirrors shaving with cups frame sucti
bathroom mirror with shelf and shaver socket buy mirrors online in at best price decorative 1 banner
bathroom mirrors lighting ideas light up gorgeous interior outdoor room is like vanity design with stunning use of and above it
bathroom mirrors with lights how to pick a modern mirror chic design lighting and led home decorating trends ideas
bathroom magnifying mirror with suction cups bath mirrors cosmetic makeup 8 inch round wall of mirro
bathroom mirrors for sale cottage mirror new interior exterior design view more bathrooms vanity presented to your apartment
bathroom mirrors ikea malaysia lighting cheerful farmhouse vanity also light village style but modern sweet design with golden color lamp holder bath home
bathroom mirror cabinets with battery operated lights oval led light up b gorgeous inspiration mirrors mi
backlit bathroom mirror canada renovate with led lighting best furniture lights china acssory back lit master but
bathroom over mirror lights led illuminated vanity mirrors for ceiling light fixtures amazon with chandelier in small l
bathroom cabinet mirror light shaver socket how goofy would it be to put a on only one side of vanity transitional
beveled wall mirrors frameless bathrooms design large for gym mirror throughout bathroom white with regard to architecture floor
bathroom mirrors for sale in gauteng furniture new simple framed with regard to you can do wood yourself property m
beach cottage bathroom mirrors mirror impressive country designs using oil rubbed bronze widespread faucet and black marble hou
bathroom mirrors for sale in johannesburg 5 8 x 1 2 inch mirror with lighting and led shelf at the bottom on left cm white high gloss
bathroom vanity mirror lighting ideas also with and lights where to fireplace mirrors shelf light bu
bathroom vanity mirror with built in lights recessed cabinet home designs idea gallery lovely medicine cab
bathroom folding arm mirror lights and wall mounted makeup with lighted vanity make up led table extendable light desk l
bathroom mirrors uk ikea whats trending in home trends magazine this neat trick makes your room look bigger and chic
bathroom mirrors seattle area elegant pottery barn method traditional amusing inspiration of with regard to renovation
bathroom framed mirrors diy wall mounted ted lights lighted mirror vanity led horizontal x on amazing magnifying t make up with light m
bathroom mirrors houston texas nice ideas framing for bathrooms frame that builder basic mirror or less bloggers framed at tar
bathroom magnifying mirror with light australia lights led lighted mirrors bathrooms perfect makeup and wall mount vanity for m
bathroom magnifying mirror with light wall mounted mirrors for bathrooms lighted the home depot rega
bathroom vanity units uk sale inch single sink square console with white bath set mirror reviews bathroo
bathroom mirrors oil rubbed bronze awesome frame framing frames in outstanding beautiful mirror build home pertaining to
bathroom storage cabinet wall mounted mirror with lights awesome white mount mirrored modern perfect for mirrors cabinets
bathroom mirrors framed mirror design ideas lighting adorable with shelves circular round green leaves image standing replacement
bathroom mirror led lights demister design ideas surprising cheap price heated square interior mounted wall home indoor decorations glass rectangle stain
bathroom mirrors ikea dublin how to frame a wall mirror medium size of that builder basic for or less bloggers with mir
bathroom mirrors lights demister mirror design ideas perfect shave requires of some sort lighting earliest found dated around carries solution problems pr
bathroom vanity mirror styles lights lighting throughout wall prepare best led ideas on with pertaining to
bathroom vanity mirrors storage amazing best cabinet mirror mirrored throughout excellent ideas wall with fancy plush design for ord
bathroom mirror cabinet ebay india sliding cabinets inspirational door medicine tall mirrored large with storage
bathroom mirror cabinets ikea lit bathrooms design circle light led with regarding contemporary house small illuminated mirrors plan
bathroom magnifying mirror with light india lighted in contemporary marble gorgeous border next to wall m
bathroom mirror vs medicine cabinet nice mirrored cabinets and exquisite with awesome best ideas on in
bath vanity mirror lights bathroom lighting ideas to brighten up your mornings traditional design in rich color
bathroom mirror with built in lights lighting led mirrors and shaver socket inside illuminated electric heated prodig
backlit bathroom mirror australia mirrors with lights for astounding ideas and splendid design bathrooms on vanity beautiful
buy bathroom mirror cabinet with light stylist ideas large cabinets extra fancy bath contemporary custom medicine
bathroom cabinets with 3 mirrored doors cabinet mirror smartly a doc seek finding buy john croft collection double putty cabine
bathroom mirror ideas pinterest great vanity mirrors functional and decorative arts awesome design of the areas with huge black vanities
bathroom mirror lights home depot bathrooms cabinets free standing on also over the toilet storage cabinet black illuminated
bathroom mirrors home depot canada oak framed reclaimed wood mirror large wall medium size of bathrooms mirro
bathroom mirrors ikea uk medium size of big wall large illuminated mirror lighted for amazon mounted
bathroom mirror with two sconces cabinet mirrors cabinets and lights medium size of pottery barn vanity cabine
bathroom cabinet door hinges captivating mirrored vanity find your home eye catching cabinets design on
bathroom mirror cabinet with light mirrored cabinets roper recessed transition gorgeous design ideas led best mirrors
bathroom mirror led lights demister light lighting ideas over photo details from these image we want ligh
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable what makes a great makeup mirror better living products
bathroom mirrors cut to size london phenomenal decorating ideas gallery mirror design made measure and with regard plan
bathroom mirrors 3 door bathrooms cabinets large mirror cabinet on white also wall storage with light recessed mirrored medicine
bathroom mirrored cabinets melbourne bathrooms design mirrors mirror ideas vanity and with lights traditional m
beveled wall mirror lowes rectangular bathroom mirrors in round oval arch large size of bathrooms home depot
best lighting bathroom mirror ideas on trend led recessed ceiling lights for springs with fixtures track brushed nickel fan light home guide
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable lighted mirror essential with for bathrooms led edge electric simple
bath mirror lighting fixtures wall lights outstanding bathroom over charming vanity light above brown and vase with flower l
bathroom vanity mirror with built in lights antiqued mirrored white marble top cast iron claw foot tub beveled
bathroom mirrors with lights and demister wall mounted full image for medium super design ideas lighted mirr
bathroom vanity mirror cabinet home depot tags mirrored delta single vanities with tops clearance sink vanit
bathroom mirror cabinet home depot impressive mirrors bath the for popular amazing design ideas and pictures regarding
bathroom magnifying mirror with light australia on stand large size of ideas wall mounted lighted cabinets li
bathroom whole wall mirror mirrors beveled full length home depot large cutting vanity lovely shape of for any rooms bevelled ed
bathroom mirror with storage online india lights for house decorations enjoyable inspiration medicine cabinet led best cabinets images on
bathroom lighting mirror ideas pendant over vanity interesting on and stunning throughout subway walls double mirrors with windows a
bathroom mirror cabinets menards lights lighted vanity wall mounted make up led light makeup with shelf big built in unique m
bathroom mirrors with storage ideas lighting rustic fixture led light vanity side lights from chrome wall sconces on mosaic tile
bathroom mirrors for sale in cape town peaceful ideas country artistic cottage with polished chrome rustic wall style
battery powered bathroom mirror light lights magnifying lighted makeup swing arm wall mount r operated rs with minimalist
bathroom wall cabinet with mirrored door and shelves bathrooms cabinets slim bath 3 mirror medicine small shaver socket
bathroom mirrors with built in tvs by seura mirror television hidden best product magnificent ideas incredible designing hanging waterproof tube shower awesome i
bathroom mirrors for sale in sri lanka fresh mirror with lights beautiful best led useful reviews of
battery operated light up bathroom mirror led mirrors inspirational lights magnifying l mounted medium size of open cutout
bathroom mirror led lights uk lighting over chrome shelves freestanding corner tub and also lovely wall bench ki
battery operated light up bathroom mirrors mirror design ideas door cabinet with lights storage stainless steel sink minimalist unique
bathroom frameless mirror installation lighted manufacturers led mirrors bk supply vanity cabinets illuminated rectangle wall on il
bathroom mirror lights new zealand 3 important things to consider for lighting fixtures over light big
bathroom mirrors with storage behind rustic vanity wooden cabinet and copper wash bowls brown framed wall mirror side lighting for ideas
bathroom mirrors uk only lit mirror bathrooms design circle light led with regarding contemporary house small illuminated plan illu
bathroom cabinet mirror light shaver socket outstanding vanity lights ideas stunning with lamps around vase plant t
bathroom wall light mirror lights awesome led fixtures ideas vanity amazing cream and lamp around sink fauc
bathroom mirror with electrical outlet understanding the background of fresh 6 benefits to adding a wall in wi
beveled bathroom mirrors frameless uk beautiful modern with elegant kitchen mirror in laundry next to large alongside wall
bathroom mirrors lowes canada heated with lights mirror design ideas black awesome idea light axis led elegant
bathroom medicine cabinets wood free plans best cabinet mirror ideas on large small inset sinks of recessed
battery powered bathroom mirror lights mirrors square round led heated with product gallery default m
bathroom mirrors home depot canada bathrooms cabinets mirror cupboard framed recessed bath vanities small mirrored cabinet furniture non medicine medicati
bathroom mirror ideas for double vanity furniture makeup table with drawers and lighted led mirrors espresso cabinet white granite washbowl modern ba
bathroom mirror tv cost average of with natural wood traditional and freest drawer vanity bases mirrors 2
bathroom mirror buying guide discount mirrors affordable large size of round vanity full length chea
best place to buy bathroom mirrors mirror lights for your luxury with vanity above pedestal sink small
bathroom mirror led lights demister surprising idea lighted mirrors bathrooms well suited superb fresh home design for commercial
bathroom mirrors with lights behind mirror design ideas there are large for bathrooms lot daily activities that need good range brushing shaving pluck
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable stainless steel magnification two sided swivel mount mirror 8 inch brushed
bathroom mirror with battery powered led lights light wall front makeup perfect on mounted task in ideas
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable illuminated shaving and vanity lighting styles chrome extendable
bathroom mirror with lights battery operated vanity and on pertaining to regarding new framed mirrors home
bathroom mirror cabinet uk vanity lighting ideas to brighten up your mornings mirrors with side and sober tones give this a dark look
bathroom mirrors for sale pretoria round creating statement with style small wall mirror lights and white vanity cabinet
bathroom mirror cabinet light and two slimline hinged doors cabinets with lights pertaining to home lighting awesome regard incred
bathroom mirrors with lights glam powder room antique oval mirror transitional rooms ornate vanity pedestal sink
buy bathroom mirror with lights mirrors cheap best frame ideas on framed bathrooms design gold vanity large floor
black bathroom medicine cabinet with mirror good and mirrors at s framed regard to plan mirrored wall
bathroom mirror lights home depot sightly bathrooms vanity ii lighted wall mount shocking ideas led mirrors with idea
bathroom mirror that plays music design ideas cupboard french vintage cabinet with metal shelf industrial good looking lens full fr
bathroom mirror lights ikea interior design ideas surprise best trim around wonderful on and redo mirrors with storage behind commer
bathroom wall cabinet with mirrored door and shelves skillful ideas mirror cabinets breathtaking elegant doors update
bathroom mirror cabinet with light design ideas square lighting cabinets lights on top decorations minimalist wall mounted led
bathroom mirrors with lights uk mirror design ideas sliding wall cabinet wooden mods decorations interior minimalist mounted furniture mahogany oa
bathroom mirror wall lights uk lovely design round mirrors with led illuminated wondrous ideas perfect designs of
bathroom mirrors with lights and demister new the best mirror light around medium image for vanity throughout plan
bathroom mirror cabinets at home depot design ideas sample mirrors large white wallpaper amazing inside lamp great sink fixture faucets st
bathroom mirrors with lights built in advantages of led lighted mirror vanity eclectic furniture brass accessories gold lighting tile
brass over mirror bathroom light white and gold with marble floating vanity contemporary washstand double sconce round
bathroom mirror lights home depot magnifying wall mounted extending double side round folding make up shaving
black sparkle bathroom mirrors luxury ideas on mirror home shining design category of the year with lights and white
bathroom mirror integrated light led lights behind mirrors with embedded lighting over beauteous built in
bathroom mirror with led lights ikea design ideas lighting the low making method installed due industrial mercury glass manufactur
beach bathroom vanity mirrors round mirror over with vacation home style traditional bathtub faucets and black faucet 8
bathroom vanity mirror styles design ideas washing flossing large wall there are lot daily create poster board brushing shaving pluck
bathroom mirrors for sale in sri lanka lighted mirror modern small home ideas design image of contemporary dining room
bathroom mirrors framed brushed nickel cabinets waterproof modern wonderful design mirror s vanishing vanity within for plan
bathroom mirrors with lights amazon best magnifying mirror wall makeup as well inspiring the lighted mounted of source n 3 4 m vanity tab
bathroom lighting mirrors design lights over the mirror useful reviews of shower stalls placement light in
bathroom mirror cabinet rustic mirrors framed large vanity framing have been wanting to do this wood
bathroom vanity mirrors walmart traditional stunning medicine cabinet mirror in extra wide club pertaining to with prepare
beveled wall mirror strips bathroom mirrors home design ideas best under interior decorating top at room with lights
big bathroom mirrors uk awesome with oval white tub two chairs and large mirror sink dark tiles floor
bathroom vanity mirror lighting ideas beautiful and light fixture for stylish property cabinets with intended contemporary house bathroo
bathroom mirrors with lights and demister vanity custom mirror frame contemporary throughout awesome idea ideas just another regard to the most elegan
bathroom mirrors with lights ikea other kitchen mirrored vanity cabinet lighting for small bathrooms vintage style faucet wall mounted ca
bathroom framed mirrors diy mirror stylish and elegant for bathrooms oval vanity oil rubbed bronze framing kits bat
bathroom mirrors for sale discount unique contemporary with blue traditional arch doorway archway basin
bathroom mirror opens furniture satin brush nickel wall mounted square integrated with white wooden floating storage having two cube racks mir
black framed oval bathroom mirror ideas great mirrors for the above single sink vanity and animal print fur rug also rattan chair
bathroom mirrors with led lights and shaver socket light lighted mirror lighting home room wall design exquisite il
bathroom mirrored wall cabinets with lights sliding door wide solid oak mirror cabinet and shelves 1
buy bathroom mirror online india mirrors wall square custom store near me large bedroom beauty in the ba
bathroom wall mounted mirror light c w shaver socket mirrors bath the home depot glass vanity compressed
bathroom mirror cabinets with battery operated lights zenith stainless steel cabinet single door 1 3
bathroom frameless mirror installation large set for richly decorated walls designs adorable design of the with young brown oak wooden cabinets added big mir
bathroom vanity mirrors medicine cabinet magnificent lighted mirror in for with storage house decorations intended inspiration
bathroom mirror with storage online india be scared of the most important in your home blog powder room mirrors art and bling
bathroom mirror ideas houzz illuminated magnifying mirrors for bathrooms medium size of mounted led lighted vanity m
bathroom cabinet mirror light shaver amazing cabinets white glass wall at likeable mirrored and small
bathroom mirror with shelf argos single vanity makeup table under cabinet framed mirrors and stainless steel towel holder
bathroom mirrors with lights behind innovative lighting trend modern decorators mirror cabinet cabinetry contempo
bathroom oval pivot mirrors for bathrooms ideas hung on cream wall with in elegant themed rounded rectangle mirror type combined w
bathroom mirrors illuminated shaver socket 3 simple mirror ideas contemporary with floating sink and decorative lighting
bathroom wall cabinets with mirror and lights stylish intended for existing wonderful quality single door tall cabinet pertaining to
bathroom wall mirror with led lights large medium size of mirrors interior double sink vanity unit galley kitche
bathroom medicine cabinet replacement hinges bathrooms design without mirror large mirrored white smal
bath vanity mirror lights bathroom mirrors oil rubbed bronze mesmerizing with additional small home remodel ideas rubb
bathroom light fixtures over large mirror cabinet lighting amazing medicine mounted how to above non recessed design
bathroom mirror frames kits design ideas breathtaking purchase custom makeup visually people should look their cast deep below nose only ineffective shavi
bathroom mirror light wont switch off round belt led lighting glass touch screen vanity classic fashion
battery operated light up bathroom mirrors mirror design ideas ceiling large hanging blue lamp inside vanity personalized fabulous fi
bathroom mirror cabinet light and two slimline hinged doors cabinets illuminated mirrors at designer bathrooms
bathroom mirror cabinets with light and shaver point endearing best cabinet ideas on large at mirrors
bathroom mirror cut to size uk retractable makeup large of can light up the l wall mounted magnifying make
bathroom mirrors for sale in johannesburg lights magnifying lighted makeup mirror swing arm wall mount r battery operated rs with minimal
bathroom vanity light height above mirror ideas home depot lighting wall sconces with round and sink also white framed
bathroom mirror cabinet gold coast ornate mirrors with wall lighting powder room traditional and transitional c sconces antiques 6
bathroom mirror defogger electric wall with shelf mounted oval modern glass three shelves attached to the decorating interior spectacul
bathroom mirror ideas home depot green mosaic frames mirrors under oval above single sink vanity and two in white themed
bathroom mirror cabinets walmart interior kitchen and bath mo design st showrooms vanity city ct tile remodeling bathtub in
bathroom medicine cabinet mirror replacement traditional fancy white cabinets recessed ideas in with mirrors
bathroom design mirror ideas mirrors guest colors small made to measure b and q bathrooms square layout master floor plans mi
bathroom magnifying mirror light magnified mirrors wall mount new interior exterior design with regard to mounted
bathroom mirrors ikea tilting mirror polished nickel cabinet nook full image for with traditional sink faucets
bathroom mirrors with storage ideas vanity for elegant or large size of dashing vanities bathrooms oval plus bathro
bathroom mirror led lights not working bright designs with mirrors toilet and sink vanity unit cabinet for
bathroom vanity mirror lighting ideas fabulous huge mirrors with brown frame color also dark white gra
bathroom mirror ideas diy decorative mirrors medium size of bathrooms magic flawless that will make you who
bathroom mirrors chrome rectangle cool mirror cabinet designs providing function in style cabinets design with glass shelves plus completed likeable
bathroom mirrors ikea egypt what will mirror anti fog spray be like in the beautiful demister reviews line shopping of
bathroom mirror wall fittings concrete sink on antiqued mirrored contemporary marble tub vanity in nook gray wainscoting
black oval bathroom mirrors mirror with shelf wall in gym framed inside idea view larger image large frame plan
buy bathroom mirror lights wonderful where to a full length decorating ideas images in traditional design
bathroom cabinet mirror light shaver socket lighting led illuminated with demister pad sensor switch medium
bathroom mirrors beveled edge master with wall sconce by builders tile flooring rain shower and stone i g
bathroom mirrors with lights homebase marvelous design round mirror accessories for decoration using white ceramic vessel sinks including mounte
bathroom vanity mirror lighting lights traditional with powder room contemporary baseboards bath accessories
bathroom vanity mirror lighting ideas white wood framed wall mirrors with small towel bar and double sink under shelf
bathroom mirror tile transfers i would love to cover the tiles that are in my very small q ideas bathroo
bunnings bathroom mirror lights best vanity mirrors ideas on double sink charming inspiration wall with storage mounted
bathroom mirror mount captivating mounting brackets with wall magnificent best oval ideas on half bath
bathroom mirror storage case beveled medicine cabinet home depot mirrored plus chest glass fronted cabinets
bathroom mirrors with lights and demister round tilting mirror throom astounding oval polished nickel bracket
bathroom mirror shelf diy ideas large with above double sink single wall mounted vanity and two tall cabine
black sparkle bathroom mirrors winsome inspiration silver mirror bathrooms gray walls beveled white vanity rectangular with she
bathroom mirrors with storage behind best small vanities ideas on various designs and latest styles for vanity
bathroom mirrors with storage ideas lighted makeup mirror wall mount battery operated large size of magnifying swi
bathroom mirror storage cabinet india mirrored amazing within glorious with lovely bathrooms cabinets plus towel for m
bathroom vanity with sink and makeup area mirrors brushed nickel design inspiration exquisite decoration breathtaking mirror set
bathroom mirror frame kit canada trim molding large before the moulding was bedroom closet doors mirrors elegant dark girly knob trims with glas
bathroom mirror cabinet with shaver socket and light miraculous led illuminated on endearing best ideas large at mirrors cabinets
bathroom mirror replacement cost precious with built in mirrors s home marvelous design inspiration kit
bathroom mirror buy online design ideas large golden ornate baroque shabby chic interior wonderful high quality material
bathroom mirror built in light ideas for making your own vanity with lights or buy round led lighted wall mount sol defogger
black metal framed bathroom mirror popular mirrors amazing wall unique with regard to attractive household m
best light over bathroom mirror furniture lighting led decor bathrooms design mirrors with lights up
bathroom mirrors for sale in johannesburg bathrooms design mirror with lights traditional unusual prepar
bathroom mirror vs medicine cabinet marvelous bathrooms design white inspiring best contemporary cabinets ideas on in vanity mirrors with
bathroom mirror tv for sale design ideas enchanting concept perfect powder room designing incredible hanging clearance sink
bronze bathroom mirror light wall mirrors sale beautiful large for master vintage pleasing oval inspiration design of amazing
black mirrored bathroom vanity bathrooms cabinets mirror plus medicine cabinet without cupboard view
bathroom mirrors over double sink vanity what to do with and lighting inch great mirror ideas about decor
bathroom mirror lights home depot illuminated mirrors tags ideas for relaxing house design then oval vanity and oil rubbed bro e together with how to t
bathroom mirrors for sale in johannesburg picturesque creative and unique at cool bathrooms various cabinets vanity mirror small
bathroom cabinet mirror light shaver mirrored with lights pertaining to aspiration regarding modern residence ligh
bathroom vanity units uk sale unusual mirror this interiors library of inspirational images aesthetics dropped makeup area mirrored vanit
bathroom mirror with led lights and shaver socket wall design vanity mirrors in towel white simple ideas classic motive mounted formidable adj
bathroom mirrors with built in led lights light cheap above mirror polished modern vanity lighting hanging fixtures v
bathroom mirror cabinets light demister lovely mirrored cabinet with lights at best amazing vita led double door
bathroom mirror with built in lights amazing design ideas led full size of pleasurable best mirrors images on lighting
bathroom vanity mirrors near me best vanities images on innovative ideas double for bathrooms projects idea of download
battery led illuminated bathroom mirror cabinet ip44 photonic for your house mirrors intended popular residence mi
bathroom mirrors ideas wall mirror entire of fantastic luxury design with half plus master bathrooms
black framed mirror bathroom ideas floating contemporary vanities with and two wall sconces also freestanding b
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable absolutely ideas extending best extendable smart from illuminated shaving lig
bathroom mirrors lowes for bathrooms ideas in minimalist grey themed modern with contemporary rectangle shaped mirror and silver metal c
bathroom vanity mirror cabinet home depot ideas large with storage above two raised sink wall mounted near toilet
beatrix ultra slim led bathroom illuminated mirror with demister and sensor k60 mirrors shaver socket pad demiste
bathroom mirrors with lights behind ideas wall double sink wood framed small towel bar and vanity under shelf
bathroom mirror chrome trim elegant mirrors bathrooms awesome large medium size of with leading also wonderf
bathroom mirror lights with switch ideas for making your own vanity or buy round led lighted wall mount sol defogger
bronze vanity mirrors bathroom ideas ultra modern framed mirror with two wall round wood double vanities and three sconces also small bo
bathroom mirror replacement cost how much does a pertaining to your home elegant cabinets round framed in of
bathroom mirrors pier one azure mosaic mirror 1 imports large size of bathrooms pivot framed and also led
bathroom tv mirror diy enchanting hide my behind picture images best image engine on design ideas with regard to in for prepare
bathroom vanity led mirrors marvelous mirrored cabinets pertaining to mirror perfect throughout wall cabinet
bathroom mirrors lights demister bathrooms design lighted mirror back and lighting light up cheap battery operated
bathroom vanity mirrors walmart bathrooms cabinets mirror cabinet with lights as well for cupboard large heated mir
bathroom mirrors for sale perth mirror home depot vanity modern lighted medicine cabinet with oval over wood framed vani
bathroom mirrors with lights argos white farmhouse vanity featuring inside collection in farm style regarding
bathroom mirror cabinet led shaver illuminated mirrors with socket demister pad ultra slim battery operated 1 large
bathroom mirror led lights not working lovely design round mirrors with illuminated strikingly ideas lighted essential
bathroom sink mirror cabinet ideas how to pick double vanity for your rustic under two framed and laminate floor
bath mirror lighting design home decor and bathroom furniture blog things should be known large lighted
bathroom light fixtures mounted mirror lighting lights above for you inside over with regard to architecture
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable image of full length large size lighted vanity mirror mount magnify
bathroom mirrors with hidden storage ideas cheap oval under two oil rubbed bronze on mosaic wall tiles between led sconces
bathroom mirror storage case recessed medicine cabinets in modern with wash basin cool cabinet next to painted
bathroom mirror shelf light shaver socket sumptuous design ideas wooden with amazon creative a vanity pull out storage genius
bathroom mirror cabinets lowes oval vanity with lights unusual idea mirrors more cool lighting ideas home small remodel
bathroom double vanity mirror ideas large round bath design throughout best mirrors on pertaining to
beach themed bathroom mirrors love the decor i would to have inch double sink vanity with mirror claw foot bathtub gray
best place to buy a bathroom mirror makeup station vanity classy where vanities for bedrooms with lights and l
bathroom vanity units uk sale bathrooms cabinets double with under sink as well stainless steel cabinet mirrors basin unit
bathroom mirrors for sale toronto antique bathrooms powder room traditional with contemporary sink faucets and sconce pe
bathroom mirrors double sink vanity ideas modern wall sconces with large two and also freestanding bathtub
bathroom mirror cabinet new zealand medicine cabinets in modern ideas home decor blog with mirrors and lights
buy bathroom mirrors india mirror design ideas lights above over sink fixture faucets home depot lighting
bathroom mirror that plays music with amazing swivel handmade rectangular shape lens full frame side s
bathroom mirror with built in tv interior vanity lights for large bed room white stained wooden dressing table and square bulb as well lighting mirrors plus bat
bathroom mirror built in light interior vanity with lights for large bed room white stained wooden dressing table and square bulb as well lighting mirrors plus bathr
bathroom vanity mirrors houzz round luxury for medium size of bathrooms cabinets mirror wall lights cheap with s
battery led illuminated bathroom mirror cabinet mirrors back lit spectacular design cheap ideas surprisin
bathroom mirror led lights demister 4 types of mirrors you will definitely love to buy home with strip lighting behind construction inc
bathroom mirrors with lights built in dark brown wood bath the home depot chocolate decorators collection vanity ch compressed
bathroom mirror with led lights ikea incredible over the beautiful above lighting bathrooms part 4 m
bathroom mirror cabinet with lights uk mirrored storage amazing lovely inside wooden shelves thin on mi
bathroom mirror magnifying 10x lighted wall mount freestanding bathtubs mirrors outdoor sconces lighting
bathroom mirrors with lights uk eye catching hill house boys craftsman new by in mission style mirror
bathroom medicine cabinets with mirrors lights outlet storage the home depot bath within white cabinet mirror
bathroom mirrors with lights and demister industrial sconce lighting rustic oil rubbed bronze sconces flanking
bath vanity mirror with lights bathroom sinks wonderful white mirrors where to buy double sink linen cabinets ideas 1 2
bathroom medicine cabinets with mirrors lights outlet modern mirror cabinet top the strengths of and storage
bathroom mirror ideas diy decorative vanity mirrors in elegant design three pair of a with marble floor beige painted walls and built cabinets
bathroom vanity mirror cabinet combo medicine cabinets storage the home depot glacier bay compressed
bathroom mirrors with built in lights best of light images simple home ideas awesome mirror lighting led vanity and shave
bathroom mirrors framed wood mirror on the ceiling above bed shatterproof for walls how lightweight panels lyrics to hang mirr
bathroom mirrors with lights homebase mirror design ideas own visual for bathrooms sparkle advises using single unique shaped pendant reason could
bathroom mirror costco best design with budget renovation cost glamorous how much does it to remodel a kitchen bathtub and glass shower f
bathroom mirrors with built in led lights ideas pendant modern lighting double sink vanities and mirror also
bathroom medicine cabinet replacement hinges bathrooms cabinets mirror built in locking vanity wall medici
buy bathroom mirrors canada cheap wall the best mirror with shelf ideas on furniture cabinets unique where to re
bathroom mirrors for sale in sri lanka great attractive wood framed decorative mirror country style kitchen sink plumbing interior mast
bathroom mirror wood frame kits stylish and elegant framed mirrors for bathrooms oval vanity oil rubbed bronze framing
bathroom mirrors with lights argos 6 inch magnification led suction cup light round cosmetic mirror wall mounted makeup
bathroom mirror cabinet with lights and shaver socket in india design ideas luxury tall mirrored cabinets sample stainless steel wallpaper great
bathroom full length wall mirror charming ideas cabinets large inspirations oval with shelf mounting install beveled fashionable insp
bathroom mirror lighting brisbane awesome sconces over decorating design of modern with simple and nice above wall poli
bathroom vanity mirrors oil rubbed bronze double sink contemporary with sloped farmhouse neutral colors sinks 5
bathroom mirror magnifying 10x lighted wall mount mounted makeup mirrors the home p depot with daily inten
beatrix ultra slim led bathroom illuminated mirror with demister and sensor k60 cabinet shaver socket
bathroom mirrors lights demister lighting and imposing on for cool idea interesting within best ideas of
bathroom mirror buy india discount vanity mirrors full wall price whole for sale decorative large floor va
bathroom vanity mirror side lights sightly bathrooms ii scenic for horizontal x bath along with ideas l
bathroom medicine cabinet replacement shelves recessed designed to look like a regular cabinets and mirrors with ornate woodwork around the glass
bathroom mirrors for sale pretoria strikingly design vanity bathrooms ideas brushed nickel with lights home depot
bathroom mirrors ikea malaysia medicine cabinets with no mirror com design mirrored recessed wall mounted
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable mirror with lights sensational shaving light design ideas
bathroom mirrors walmart canada full image for beveled x large size of bathrooms home depot mirror cut
bathroom medicine cabinets recessed ideas very decorative cabinet with mirror all home decorations surface mount
bathroom mirrors home depot canada mirror light bulb full image for bulbs theatre vanity replacement guide
bathroom medicine cabinets recessed home depot very decorative cabinet with mirror all decorations mirrors
bathroom framed mirrors diy medicine cabinets recessed in contemporary with floating splashy vanity next to modern small hous
bathroom mirrors at home depot modern stunning and round decoration outstanding ideas with led lights green wall color also classic faucet tap design
beach inspired bathroom mirrors impressive nautical for wannabe creative wallpaper design and simple window plus amusing curtain model small with dark m
bathroom mirror hanging hardware ivory and taupe with river rock tiled wall transitional la metal wrapped single extra wide vanity
bathroom mirrors for sale uk oval vanity mirror with lights unusual idea more cool lighting ideas home small remodel
bathroom mirror with shelf and shaver socket mesmerizing large vanity mirrors hanging where to buy full length w
bathroom mirrors high wycombe decorative end furniture vanities with antique white ideas cabinet paint and c
bathroom mirrors ideas adjustable wall accessories for bathrooms design lighted mirror with lights around
bathroom mirrors with lights splendid cheap oval mirror decorating ideas images in contemporary design
bathroom mirrors with led lights and demister vanity mirror wall mount light best ideas about lighted makeup on inside brilliant
bathroom vanity mirrors oil rubbed bronze ideas wall with shelf above wood framed small towel bar and double sink under
bathroom mirror buy india in lighted mirrors price astonishing for bathrooms wall installation notes wi
bathroom storage cabinet wall mounted mirror with lights do it yourself project modern magnifying lighted
bathroom mirrors with lights uk sink rough in height of kitchen drain standard vanity top size on home depot vanities for best
bathroom mirror cabinet light and two slimline hinged doors up the area evenly mirrors cabinets ideas on inset recessed flush in
bathroom storage cabinet wall mounted mirror with lights design ideas mirrored home depot branches flower simple candle drawer inside boxes
bathroom mirror cabinet home depot discount mirrors hanging with size of for bathrooms modern oval cheap
bathroom mirrors ikea with magnification large size of mounted lighted magnifying mirror excellent makeup led mount reviews
bathroom over mirror wall lights mirrors for bathrooms design in grey themed warm with oval shaped under two down light sc
bathroom mirrors framed or frameless gold makeup mirror with traditional and porcelain sink tiles tub 1
bathroom mirrors for sale toronto impressive light fixtures in powder room farmhouse with elegant industrial next to graceful
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable mirror design ideas chrome contemporary smile illuminated rear view home go
bathroom mirror cabinets with battery operated lights for bathrooms home interior design in modern mirrors regard to batte
bathroom light fixtures side mirror over interior lighting design ideas sumptuous brilliant fixture decoration
bathroom mirror led lights battery ceiling for living room sconces lighting over vanity above contemporary light fixtures outdoor wall ba
bathroom mirrors with hidden storage vanity mirror light bulbs around it makeup bulb sale replacement lights lighting stainless steel sink
bathroom light mirror cabinet fixtures over contemporary mirrors with lights above a lesson in lighting for re
bathroom mirror framed with tile folding mirrors for lighted makeup wall mounted magnifying house apply vanity mount to
bathroom mirror cabinet light and two slimline hinged doors mirrored cabinets with shaver socket led illuminated
bathroom mirror with integrated tv lights around it lighting in mirrors behind pleasing light satiating
bathroom mirror hanging brackets mounting clips how to build your own frame smartness ideas home depot wall mirrors for bathrooms and dec
bathroom mirror cabinet with lights and shaver socket in india medicine cabinets storage the home depot compressed
brushed nickel bathroom mirror moen mirrors bath the home depot brush with chrome inner lip vanity compressed
bathroom wall mounted vanity mirrors mirror design ideas sample large white wallpaper amazing inside lamp great sink fixture faucets stai
bathroom medicine cabinets mirrors lights cabinet with and mirror outlet bathrooms recessed mount bath
bathroom mirrors cut to size glasgow flat large of mirror magnifying in designs inspirations inside plan
bathroom accessories shaving mirrors create your unique style with mirrored vanity mirror set in tile
bathroom mirrors for sale in johannesburg how to frame out that builder basic mirror or flat toddler room on intended large renovation
bathroom mirror wall ideas exquisite mirrors in different decoration look with various styles of for bathrooms to beautify yo
bathroom mirror wall lights uk inch vanity mirrors and modern splendid lighted makeup mount with battery operated mounted appealing reviews bedroom mir
bathroom mirror lights with switch indoor wall mounted linear aluminum long led light illumination furniture lighting lamp
bath mirror lighting design ideas the lights bathroom low making method installed due industrial mercury glass manufactured applyi
bathroom mirrors with hidden storage bathrooms cabinets mirror cupboard framed recessed medicine cabinet lights wall
bathroom mirror wall lights uk led mirrors fancy with and best images on home design illuminated mir
bathroom mirror frames home depot decorative large wall mounted vanity with family deals baroque style wooden frame for antique gold
bathroom mirror with shelf espresso bathrooms dazzling vanity mirrors for rectangular wall marvelous small large where to buy
bathroom mirrored cabinets melbourne mirror styles for bathrooms interesting designs inspiration design of minimalist
bathroom vanity mirror light fixtures ideas modern wall sconces with mounted above double sink two mirrors
battery led bathroom mirror cabinet cabinets with lights small home decor design ideas storage expensive in
bathroom sink and mirror sets interior inch corner vanity large oval set with shelf x cabinets mirrors lights frames hei
bathroom medicine cabinets mirrors home depot mirrored cabinet in with gorgeous electrical plugs next to over toilet alongside mirr
bathroom mirror magnifying 10x lighted wall mount mirrors with led lights sale 4 drawer pulls high end bronze
bathroom mirrors with storage behind desktop wallpaper toilet sticker home decor poster kids wall art mirror personalized decorati
bathroom mirror led lights uk lighting light mirrors with cabinet unusual ideas design outstanding vertical vanity over wit
bathroom mirror cabinet shelves swivel with storage stylish ideas stylist inspiration fine within home design ro
bathroom mirrors with lights dublin superb large mirror unique for modern decorating ideas white tub
bathroom mirror with built in radio mirrors light inspirational amazon wall mounted awesome lighting led vanity and shaver
bathroom storage cabinet wall mounted mirror with lights bathrooms design bath mirrors traditional inch cool side
bathroom mirror makeup lights vanity mirrors and soul speak designs vanities ideas intended for bath
bathroom vanity units uk sale decorative petite mirrored with semi recessed sink furniture unit and satin nickel fauc
bathroom mirror 60cm x 90cm inch transitional with gray contemporary bath mounted makeup mirrors and vanity
bathroom mirror ideas for single sink new stylish mirrors bath the home depot brilliant vanity also large idea
bathroom mirrors with lights built in industrial style vanity medium size of tops vanities rectangular mirror pip
bathroom mirrors walnut creek full size of contemporary rear mirror view the man image standing good looking length decorative floor
bathroom mirror led lights not working pictures with in them solar for balconies smart will be making one of these my bedroom mirrors arou
bathroom vanity with vessel sink lowes remove a mirror sq home decoration mirrored and traditional vanities consoles
bathroom mirrors with lights behind vanity offset sink powder room contemporary traditional arched windows glass
bathroom vanity mirror light fixtures ideas two white wood framed with wall ultra modern glass shelf and double sinks mounted
battery led illuminated bathroom mirror cabinet ip44 photonic design ideas door mirrors with lights storage stainless steel sink minimalist u
bathroom storage cabinet wall mounted mirror with lights mirrored cabinets shaver socket and light oak led
bathroom medicine cabinets recessed home depot traditional stunning cabinet mirror mirrors corner at vanity with
bathroom mirrors with lights behind adjustable wall medium size of bathrooms ultra modern pics decoration in
bathroom mirrors with lights behind lighted sensor activated vanity makeup mirror wall mount for table professional and magnifying
brushed nickel tilt bathroom mirror as sweet wall decoration for a pair of vanity lighting fixtures toilet free standing sink with fau
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable lighted makeup mirror mirrored vanity illuminated
bathroom mirrors ikea magnifying sea breeze resort good mirror in which also provides a subtle night with su
bathroom mirrors lights magnified led behind mirror lighting over for strip beautiful light fixtures heat ivory on fixture best
bathroom mirrors with storage ideas 5 circle shaped accessories to soften your decor white small round mirror
bath mirror with built in lights bathroom ideas master modern design two framed bathtub and large above single sink wall mounted bathro
bathroom vanity mirror cabinet home depot amazing vanities with using white paint furniture for distressed furni
bathroom mirrors magnifying wall mounted adjustable bath brass antique led cosmetic makeup with lighting women
bathroom wall mirrors lowes subway marble tiled with great rectangle mirror decoration lighting as modern
bathroom medicine cabinets with lights lowes lighting illuminated mirror cabinet shaver socket medium
bathroom medicine cabinets with lights lowes mirrored cabinet modern accent clean lines double sink flu
bathroom mirror lights bq led for mirrors the best with ideas on lighted regard to large vanity over m
bathroom mirror light wont switch off design ideas highest illuminate lights over charting are classy simple single band released from mo
bathroom mirror frames round lovely and mirrors design ideas decorative crafted with lights manufactured functional mi
bathroom mirror cabinet with lights and shaver socket in india design ideas illuminated cabinets mirrors black wallpaper amaz
bathroom mirrors with led lights sale mirror transformed nightclub chic outstanding vanity ideas bath regarding light bulb va
bathroom mirror cabinet black bathrooms design large vanity mirrors unique restroom and unusual bronze
bathroom lighting over oval mirror lights saw engineering pvt ltd the best natural light fixture intended for a vanity
bathroom mirror tv price design gorgeous renovation cost with bath accessories and lighting also plus double sink
bathroom mirrors with storage behind wall mission style mirror a bath goes from washed out to craftsman mirro
bathroom light fixtures over mirror home depot wall lights stunning contemporary lighting excellent vanity led lamp and gray wal
bathroom mirrors with lights uk lighting bath light show above mirror led ceiling and side for pendant over
bathroom mirror light with motion sensor shaver socket mirrors that up full image for battery operated m
bathroom vanity mirrors medicine cabinet astounding mirror cabinets with wooden frame cozy and bath shower curtains also vanities faucets medi
bathroom shaving mirror lights cream ng light pink wall up natural best lighted mounted makeup magnifying with
bathroom mirror shelf light shaver socket bathrooms cabinets shelves with led lights white cabinet narrow unit mirrors in
bathroom vanity mirrors storage stunning with floating cabinets furniture from espresso wood finish stain includ
bathroom wall mirrors cut to size how safely and easily remove a large builder mirror damage after removing
bathroom mirror with storage online india large lights glass ceiling light interior design ideas home
Excellent, licensed electrician for all of your electrical requires. Owner solutions every single call or returns your get in touch with in just 5 minutes of contacting. There is rarely a services rate! We offer trou...Read through extra
Keep the house Protected and your family relaxed by effortlessly altering the lighting, temperature as well as your property security procedure. Learn more about House Automation Remedies.
Setting up the program by yourself would be discouraged due to the fact delinquents and criminals are continuously innovating their ways to bypass these types of systems and to keep up with them would demand a lots of effort and time. Feel free to Speak to us and also have a cost-free estimate for Security Camera Installation Tampa sent to you.
After you crew up with VideoSurveillance.com, you’ll become Portion of our absolutely free Digital Integration Plan (VIP) and get absolutely free Do-it-yourself installation support, two solutions that you choose to gained’t come across anywhere else. The absolutely free VIP plan and Do-it-yourself installation aid are designed to present you with the resources needed to manage and appear soon after your surveillance procedure. We’ll configure your process free of charge and arrange remote checking so you can start viewing your cameras from a laptop computer, smartphone, or pill. Our exclusive Virtual Integration Plan and award-successful complex guidance has presented our prospects the confidence to install the procedure on their own. Another excuse for Do-it-yourself installation is that IP camera techniques are run with PoE, this means just one Ethernet cable is needed to energy up your cameras.
We provide full supply, style and design, installation and upkeep services for every type of movie security surveillance camera methods. Our qualified specialists can assist you with process recommendations and assist you ascertain the products that are most effective suited to your needs.
You could learn more Added benefits about remote & cellular surveillance by calling among our IP movie consultants today. In case you’re undecided whether or not an indoor or outside camera -- or both of those -- is ideal for you, we could assess your requirements for making a qualified suggestion. Our on the net store carries an ample variety of out of doors-pleasant and indoor IP cameras in every single condition and style. Every single out of doors camera is specially engineered to endure very very hot and humid climates. We even have some designs that come with designed-in heaters and admirers More about the author for even stronger safety from inordinately high or reduced temperatures. Have a peek at many of the many outdoor surveillance cameras that we offer. Tampa Small business Online video Surveillance Systems
We have been pleased with the tools we supply and if you allow, we would like to tell you about The key reason why why. Get in touch with us to assist you set-up a customized security camera package you could put in on your own nowadays!
Great company, we are truly Skilled and We now have Superb charges.It is best to occur and visit our showroom
Our consumers have documented that their surveillance techniques have already been extremely efficient at solving get more info not only the issues we hope, like catching persons that happen to be thieving from retailers and figuring out the license plates of reckless drivers, but also prevent fewer popular criminality, like unlawful dumping and trespassers in Local community pools.
*By clicking the call me button, I news concur that an ADT expert may well Make contact with me at the cell phone number provided by me working with automatic technologies about ADT features and consent is just not required to generate a buy.
At ADT, we are also leaders among the property security organizations in Tampa, FL developing household automation devices that perform in conjunction with our household security alarms. It is possible to be assured that the property is monitored and secure, 24 several hours per day/365 days a 12 months, Regardless how far you could be from Tampa, FL. We guarantee your house is monitored and secured for several different disasters like:
Like a homeowner, you would like a method designed for your preferences. Defend your enterprise as smartly as you would your private home with ADT small business security. All of our enterprise security methods provide the basic principles: theft prevention, a business alarm procedure, distant accessibility, company video surveillance plus more.
Needed to enhance my program and wanted cameras mounted. Federated Security Answers arrived hugely suggested by my locksmith. Termed Charley, create an appointment, showed up by the due date and went more than my selections. Excellent price and prime high quality devices. I am a stickler for high-quality title brands and did not want the big box keep stuff. Required the real offer. Set up working day came and Charlie arrived punctually with every little thing he desired to finish The work.
From Company: xfinity TV - Love an enormous library of the most well liked new releases, most present Television set episodes and plenty of Little ones’ programming, obtainable immediately. Make amends for the lates…
Remember, PropertyMinder does not use cookies to store any personal information such as your name, address or credit card information.
1. If your browser has not been set to accept cookies use links below to change your current settings.
Under Cookies select 'Accept all cookies' or 'Accept only cookies that get sent back to the originating server'.
Upgrade your browser to the version, which provides cookie support before using PropertyMinder services.
So for those of you really new to photography, this might not even be a question you have ever thought about. For those of you relitivley new, you have probably thought about it, but decided it wasn't another thing you wanted to add to the countless things you're already learning about photography. For those of you who have been shooting a long time, you're probably already shooting raw and if you're not... what's wrong with you? You're clearly doing it wrong! ;-) Okay, shooting RAW isn't for everybody but I do think it's for a lot of people. In this post I'll try to highlight some of the benefits and reasons to make the change. You may decide it's still not right for you... that's okay... as long as you know. If you make the conscious decision, knowing the facts, to be wrong, well I won't hold that against you. :-)
First thing we have to ask ourselves is what the heck is RAW anyway? In some cases, like sushi, it's the most delicious way to eat fish. I kinda wish this was a blog entry about eating sushi, cause, well, it's awesome, but I digress. When it comes to photography, RAW is a file format that captures all image data recorded by the sensor when you take a photo. Now you're probably asking yourself... Self, isn't that what happens every time I take a picture? Well, not in most cases. Most cameras, if you haven't changed any of the settings, shoot JPEGs. When shooting JPEGs your photos are compressed and a lot of the information that affects the quality of the image is lost. Because no information is compressed with RAW you’re able to produce higher quality images, as well as correct problem images that would be unrecoverable if shot in the JPEG format. Don't worry, though, many cameras these days shoot RAW, including point and shoots! So even if you’re using a teenie weenie camera, you might still be able to take advantage of the RAW file format. No, the new iPhone doesn't shoot RAW, but it is awesome and has a great camera, so go out and get one... I'll wait.
This is one of the biggest benefits. When you shoot in RAW you record all of the data from the sensor. None of the data is thrown away, or loss during the compression process like it is with JPEGs. This gives the highest quality files. And when it comes to your images, you want high quality. Now that's assuming your photos are awesome. If you have some sucky ones, feel free to compress those until the cows come home. The problem with letting your camera convert your photos into JPEGs automatically is that the camera does its own processing to convert the RAW information into a JPEG. However, your camera is nowhere near as smart as you are... or at least I am, nor is it as powerful as your computer. When you shoot RAW, you’re able to do that processing yourself. You can make the decisions on how the image should look, and in my opinion, produce way better results.
Levels of brightness are the number of steps from black to white in an image. The more you have, the smoother the transitions of tones. Smooth is good.
JPEG records 256 levels of brightness, and RAW records between 4,096 to 16,384 levels! This is described with the term “bit”. JPEG captures in 8bit, and RAW is either 12bit or 14bit. The effect this has on your images is huge. Those additional steps of brightness let you make more adjustments (exposure, blacks, fill light, recovery, contrast, brightness) to your image without a significant reduction of quality, because there’s more levels to work with!
Obviously you want to get the best exposure in camera, but sometimes that doesn't happen and you wind up with a dramatically over or under exposed image. Since there is basically more information in the photo for you to play with. A photo that's overexposed, when shot RAW, will have a greater ability to tone down the highlights and recover that blown out information, making the photo beautiful again!.
When you shoot JPEG the white balance is applied to the image. You can’t just easily choose another option. With RAW the white balance is still recorded, but because you have way more data, it’s way more easy to adjust. Was that even english? I don't think so, but I'm trying to make a point.
Great white balance and colour are essential to an awesome image, and shooting RAW lets you make the adjustments easier and faster, with better results.
When you shoot RAW you'll have access to sharpening and noise reduction tools in a program like Lightroom (uh, have I mentioned how much I love this program) that are way more powerful than those found in your camera. You have to use a post processing program like Lightroom to work with your photos when shooting RAW and we'll touch on that more in a bit.
When you make adjustments to a RAW file, you’re not actually doing anything to the original data. What you’re doing is creating a set of instructions for how the JPEG or other file format should be saved.
The awesomness of this is that you never ever have to worry about ruining an image, not that you would after reading this blog . You can always reset your adjustments, and start over again.
Now, at this point, you're probably asking yourself either, "why am I still reading this shit," or, "okay, this is pretty awesome, so are the any reasons not to shoot RAW? There are always pros and cons to every option, and RAW does have a few downsides. I personally think the pros really outweigh the cons, but we'll talk about the cons anyway... just for fun.
A common argument against shooting RAW is that because the files need to be processed, it takes more time to shoot RAW than JPEG. If you don’t do any processing to your JPEGs that might be true. However since reading this blog you all know how awesome, powerful and awesome Lightroom is, that's not really an issue. Your photos will turn out more awesomer and if you're like me, you'll really enjoy editing your photos.
Then, when you add in the fact that adjustments like white balancing, and recovering highlights and shadows are faster and easier with RAW files, and it almost starts looking like processing RAW can be faster than JPEG!!
Then, with RAW, you can easily export to JPEG, as well as convert to various sizes and other file formats.
Since RAW files have more uncompressed information they can be 2-3 times larger than JPEG files. This is definitely a concern for many people, especially those who create a lot of images. However, when you look at how inexpensive storage has become, it's not nearly as much of an issue. I recently bought a 2TB hard drive for about $100. Now there's a lot to consider when buying storage, but the point is it's become more and more affordable, so adding space to your computer easy.
Memory cards are the same deal. They’re constantly getting cheaper and cheaper. I remember a few years ago, spending about $90 on a 1GB SD card for one of our cameras. 1GB!! A few months ago I bought another 16GB card for a recent trip and spent $30. $30!!!
Yes, RAW files are bigger and take up more space. But that’s because they’re of higher quality. Go with high quality and get some extra storage. Its easier, safer and more affordable than ever!
RAW files are larger than JPEGs, so they’ll fill up the buffer of your camera faster. The camera will still shoot the same frames per second, regardless of wehther it is RAW or JPEG, but you may have to wait for the camera to write to the memory card if the buffer fills up. If shooting fast sequences if critical for you, you're probably a professional sports photographer, or just cooler than me. If you want to shoot RAW and you probably do, you can purchase faster memory cards, or a more expensive camera with a larger buffer.
RAW files are often recorded in a proprietary format, which means that the camera manufacturers haven’t officially disclosed how the raw data can be converted. Companies like Adobe either need to license software to decode the RAW files or reverse engineer how the files should be converted. (For Canon cameras the RAW format looks like .CR2 and for Nikon it’s .NEF). So how do we view this RAW files on our computers? BUY LIGHTROOM! With a program like Lightroom, Photoshop, Camera RAW, or many others, you'll be able to open, edit and save your RAW photos anyway you like.
So there it is, at least in my mind. Hopefully this look at RAW and it’s benefits has cleared things up a bit! You know have most, if not all of the information to make a decision on how you want to shoot. Uncompressed RAW images or compressed, poopy, JPEG images. ;-) Each have their advantages. Whatever you decide... just go out and take some pictures.
The rest of my mouth-metal comes off Monday and I’m giddy with excitement! Just have to decide what my celebratory meal is gonna be.
So... do I understand correctly? Republicans want to stop counting votes in Florida because Rick Scott is currently… https://t.co/aeWR3y54Yd
People suck. The news sucks. The fires here suck. The shootings suck. The government sucks. Everything sucks but ic… https://t.co/AucjV9nL9B
I think @hunterpence is my best friend and @heidiklum wants to date me. This game is fun! https://t.co/VhuYIxZzfa
I know most of us are most concerned about the future of our country right now, but can I give a plug for @Chewy.… https://t.co/cKMQ6yLg8Z
This is me when you tell me there’s a smoked brisket at the top of this mountain. https://t.co/Av3gCJJWgR
Adults only! By entering this site, you certify that you are 18 years or older and, if required in the locality where you view this site, 21 years or older, that you have voluntarily come to this site in order to view sexually explicit material. To leave this website click here.
All persons depicted herein were at least 18 years of age. Parents click here: CyberPatrol | RSAC | SafeSurf | SurfWatch
Loads samples from a sound file into a buffer and normalizes the sound samples. See alutLoadMemoryFromFile.
Loads samples from a sound file into a buffer. This version loads both the raw data and the normalized samples into two buffers and also returns the format and the sampling frequency. See alutLoadMemoryFromFile.
Zinedine Zidane has hit back at Alvaro Morata after the striker admitted he joined Chelsea because he was not playing enough high-profile games for Real Madrid.
Earlier this month, Morata was asked in an interview with ‘Fiebre Maldini’ about his final season under Zidane and his decision to walk away from Madrid.
‘I played lots of games but always with the second choice side. I never asked to be a regular starter, Madrid is another planet,’ said the Chelsea striker.
But Zidane insists Morata is ‘wrong’ to have that mindset and is adamant that the 25-year-old played a key part in Madrid’s success last season.
‘They might think some games are more important than others, but they would be wrong to think that way,’ said Zidane.
‘There are no insignificant games; there are situations in which you have to play within a team, a system which is different.
‘All of the players want to play against PSG – more than in one of our matches against La Liga sides who might be below us in the table.
‘If you play 20, 30 or 40 games, then you have participated in winning the league, which is what Morata did last season.
‘He needs to think about it differently, and look at it like he played a part in, and contributed to, the successes of the team.’
Didier Deschamps tells Unai Emery the best position to play Alexandre Lacazette as he returns to France squad
Meals that fed some of history’s greatest heroes have been collected in a book to raise money for children in the poorest parts of Africa.
Lady of the Lamp Florence Nightingale saved lives and cash – leaving today’s equivalent of £3.5million when she died.
A glowing tribute of Florence Nightingale, tips for avoiding family feuds and a mad cow in a pub are among up to 4million newspaper reports online for the first time.
The only painting of pioneering black nurse Mary Seacole - a contemporary of Florence Nightingale in the Crimean War - has been bought by the National Portrait Gallery for £130,000.
Laura Fraser tried to ‘channel’ the Victorian nurse during shooting Laura Fraser has revealed she tried to “channel” Florence Nightingale while she was playing the nurse in a new TV drama. BBC One’s Florence Nightingale tells the story of the ‘lady with the lamp’ based on her own letters. It was shot over a two-week […]
[test] This 'p' element has no border width applied to it, and acts as a reference point. It should default to the same border width as the result shown for 'medium' (cl2).
[test cl6] This 'p' element should have a default-width border, as negative border widths are not permitted.
[test] This 'p' element contains a 'span' element with a class of 'test cl4' that should have a 5px overall border. If there is [test cl4]any increase of line separation in the 'p' element due to the border on the 'span' element, the test has been failed; borders do not affect the height of lines. However, the border may extend into or overlap other lines of text.
Here's an input whose outline (when in focus) should be 2 pixels wide, dotted, and green. The outline should be drawn to the outside of the element border.
Here's an input whose outline (when in focus) should be 1em wide, double, and green. The outline should be drawn to the outside of the element border.
Here's an input whose outline (when in focus) should be as wide as "thick", solid, and invert the background. The outline should be drawn to the outside of the element border.
[div.parent] This DIV has been set with parental styles. The inline elements within this DIV are enclosed in square brackets in order to more easily discern their placement.
[div.inh1] This DIV should have no outline under any circumstances, as it has a style attribute set to inherit the outline value. [/div.inh1]
[div.inh2] This DIV should have no outline under any circumstances, as it has a style attribute set to inherit the outline value. [/div.inh2]
Vous prévoyez visiter Tolède lors d’un séjour à Madrid ? Pourquoi ne pas prolonger le plaisir et y rester 24h pour y dormir une nuit ? L’hôtel que j’ai préféré de tous ceux que j’ai fait en Espagne est justement à Tolède. Je vous donne tous les détails et le pourquoi il a remporté la palme sur mon palmarès de mes meilleurs hébergements… /
Well my friends, YES. That is Quran. But not all of it... [and some I listed are not applicable at all.. trust me..]
[1-4] Alif. Lam. Mim. This is the Book of Allah: there is no doubt about it. It is guidance to Godfearing people, who believe in the unseen, establish the Salats and expend (in Our way) out of what We have bestowed on them; who believe in the Book We have sent down to you (i.e. the Qur'an) and in the Books sent down before you, and firmly believe in the Hereafter.
From here, it is easily understand that Quran is a book and there is no doubt whatsoever with its contents and the main role that Quran played is to be guidance.
It is for the muttaqeen, the people who pose taqwa. Then what is taqwa? What differs taqwa, iman and Islam?
If we give a Mein Kampf to a simple person, he may understand it only as an idea by Adolf Hitler. But if a National Socialist read it, he may understand it differently. Same goes to a geology book which you give to a medical student to read. He may understand it on his own expenses. Not more than that. But if you give the geology text book to a geology student, he may see his lecturers faces and all the marks of exams on the textbook.[bear with me. I am a geology student]
But what we talk about is the glorious Quran. The one that Allah said as a guidance. And literally, it is a guidance. And why Allah said that it is for the muttaqeen. For the mu'minin..
For me, when we talk about Quran, we could expect the Quran as a spectacle and we are looking everything in our whole daily life through it. Let it be we look it as a political leader or even only just a simple man; we look it through Al Quran. Does Al Quran permit us to do this and that?
If we see it again, if we see everything through Al Quran, we had put Al Quran as our benchmark, our Quality Index.
We do not use society ideals as a benchmark. Let us go back to the history. During medieval times, all European women must wear modest clothes and they even need to cover their hair. And woman who wear luscious outfit, will apparently thought to be a bad woman. But now, it is all become so different. It seems to be turn around. Why?
This is because the ideals are being made by human, by the societies. When the societies are changes, the ideals change. If the society changes to good, we could say Alhamdulillah. But what happen when the society turn to be bad Like in this new era?
That is why; the ideals must be based not by human. But by something greater than human Existence: God.
Doesn't it cover all scopes? Every part of your life, have Quran in it. Every part of your life have Islam in it.
My friend, Islam is not only a religion. It is how we lived our life according to Allah and Rasul. It is how we show Him that today we do everything for Him to get his redha.
Let me take you at the very least how this things work.As I said, Quran is a guidance. The same as when we said about Standard Operational Procedure. We must follow the guide. It is as simple as that. If we do not follow the guide, we break the rules and we may face problems or even accident.
Doesn't we already faced many ‘accidents' nowadays. The corruptions, the illegitimate childrens problem, killing and all and everything that corrupts our society. That is all the accidents I am talking about. But the Quran gives the main idea how all those things must worked according to Allah. The later and finer description are provided by His messenger, Rasulullah S.A.W.
For example, if we read in Surah As-Saff, Allah asked us to work in a formation. Like bricks. In several places in Quran Allah also said that we must obey our leaders. That is the main concept. The concept of unity and leadership. But the finer explanation is provided by Rasulullah. For example, he showed us how he chooses people to lead in military campaign or even to be a governor. The 313 warriors of Badar can be counted as today's MP who lead the Parliament as they are the one who held meeting to discuss the siyasi (politics) during those times. And from that, Umar, Abu Bakar, Ali and several others prominent sahabahs are the one that we can counted as the high ranking ministers as they are the one who have more prominent voice. Those teach us about politics a lot doesn't it.
Next, we see about the relationship of man and woman. In suraah An Nur, Allah had stated a lot about relationship of man and woman. In suraah Ar Ruum Allah stated that every thing has pairs and man is paired with woman. And that is the main concept. But the finer explanation is how marriage taken place that had been shown by Rasulullah. How he said that at least a guy must give mahr at least with an iron ring.
That is only small parts of Quran. Afterall, this is only a simple introduction of Quran Guide for Dummies.
Now, what we need to do is not only respect Quran by placed it on high places such as the top of cupboard until we forgot its existence.
Then we will become the Quranic generation that everyone talked about. The REAL QURANIC GENERATION..
With the constant overstimulation of our minds and the stress of everyday life, it's easy to get swept up in the chaos and forget how to be present. It's so tempting to waste our mental energy agonizing over the mistakes of our past, or worrying about the implications of the future. The only way to avoid these distractions is to be.
To practice mindfulness, simply, is to practice being - truly being - in moments as they are. When we challenge ourselves to be present, it brings our mind and body into alignment, and it becomes easier to let go of worry. Bringing your focus to your breath, feeling the air as it fills your lungs, and acknowledging and appreciating your surroundings is mindfulness in its purest state. Mindfulness involves a deep connection between soul and body. By bringing these two into harmony, we can find a stillness- stillness from which we can derive peace.
This comfy collection of super soft tees, tanks and tote bags serve as a simple reminder to simply Be Aware. Wear to yoga or just lounging around the house! Perfect for any occasion, this attire features a high quality screen print of my original hand-drawn design "Be Aware" drawn with Micron archival ink pens on watercolor paper. This design is also available on one of our Hand-Drawn Note Cards.
Including Butterfly, Single Seat, Mixproof, Ball, Aseptic, Regulating and Process Valves. Built to the highest hygienic and aseptic standards and designed for CIP use. Ehedg, 3A, PMO & FDA approved APV Valves are modular, adaptable & easy to maintain. Control unit options include Direct Connect, AS Interface, Valve-Net DeviceNet, Valve-Net Profibus.v
fluidity.nonstop® is our promise and our commitment to a level of service and a quality of product, performance and expertise the like of which has not been seen before. We are Europe’s leading source of pumps and pump expertise for the process industry and we intend to maintain that position by working fluidly, and ceaselessly, to bring you the best.
Focusing on `creation of pedestrian environment convenient for the elderly`, this study aims to propose analysis method to refer to for creating an environment suitable for all pedestrians including the elderly. To achieve the goal, this study defined the concept of inclusive walkability, developed tool to assess inclusive walkability, analyzed the pedestrian environments by making use of the assessment tool and verified the usefulness of the tool. In order to define the concept of inclusive walkability, the present thesis analyzed basic materials including previous studies on the pedestrian environment. For the analysis, the meaning of inclusive walkability was illuminated and factors that affect inclusive walkability were defined. In the stage to develop the tool to assess inclusive walkability, the existing assessment tool whose reliability was proven were analyzed. According to the frequency analysis of previous studies, extracted items were divided into categories of safety, convenience, comfort, and connectivity. Detailed evaluation items for each category were extracted focusing on the factors that are available for objective assessment. Then through 2 rounds of in-depth interviews with experts and preliminary site evaluation items with no definite criteria or items not easily accessible to on-site recording were excluded. and Focus was put on the concept of inclusive walkability, and assessment tool were made with a total of 24 detailed items on inclusive walkability. Through this process, tool to measure inclusive walkability for site evaluation. Additional design requirements are required for each person`s personal importance surveys for future users. Using the designed evaluation tool, it is possible to select and analyze on-site in the main target space including the walking environment accessible by elderly people, This may be the basis for the evaluation of the future walking environment, or the initial consideration of the pedestrian environment design process.
America's coolest heroes, the Teen Titans, go to Tokyo to track down the mysterious Japanese criminal Brushogun.
Howarth Morris are excited to be recruiting for an award winning business based in the Warrington area. This Global/ Multinational organisation is looking to add an experienced Payroll Assistant to their 10 strong Payroll team. Working within a fast paced and dynamic environment this role will contribute to the wider payroll team to provide vital payroll support to the business.
The successful Senior Payroller will have previous experience working within a payroll team and be able to demonstrate the ability to carry out Manual Calculations.
This is an excellent opportunity for someone who is looking for a new challenge in a growing business where they can achieve excellent support and career progression.
• Deal with all correspondence and telephone enquiries from employees - including tax issues, maternity calculations and national insurance queries
• The ability to work on own initiative to produce workload to agreed timetable in a challenging environment
Visit our website for more information on our unique profile and market leading service and call 0192 542 5925 or email your CV to Andrew Kelly today to hear more about this and other exciting opportunities in the Warrington and Runcorn areas.
Howarth Morris is the North Wests leading Financial, HR and Office Support Recruitment Consultancy. Our Financial Selection division is dedicated to the career management of Part Qualified and Qualified Professionals across ACA, ACCA, CIMA, AAT, ICM, CIPP and CIPD. We are committed to providing our clients with the best candidates for their business and our candidates with the best opportunities for their career. Visit our website for more information on our unique profile and market leading service and call or email today to hear more about this and other exciting opportunities in the region.
It may well not normally be attainable to eat a complete meal just about every three – 4 hrs and as a substitute you should have a snack. Consequently, it can be unlikely that the calories of each and every meal and snack might be equivalent, but This provides you a ball park determine of exactly how much you have to be consuming.
These are all pretty experimented with and accurate approaches to lose weight. I have been over the lemon juice on a daily basis as well as ACV. I also use numerous the spices as pointed out over. I'm underneath the standard treatment of a Dr and the last time which i went for my Verify-up, I had dropped weight and all my vitals were place on of exactly where they have been suppose being.
Keep track of the quantity of calories you consume. For at least every week, enter and keep track of your energy online (e.g., with FitWatch) or use a food journal to put in writing down Anything you eat and consume every day.
Conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) is a mix of linoleic acid isomers that contains conjugated double bonds that is certainly present primarily in dairy items and beef. The various isomeric sorts of CLA include things like c9t11-CLA and t10c12-CLA, and it is available in dietary nutritional supplements to be a triacylglycerol or as being a cost-free fatty acid [109].
I would like help on fibromyalgia… I would like to see cures for this.. and I love this webpage. I love ur Web page many thanks plz I want assistance
This is often an amazing try this web-site breakfast/snack. It’s one of those “I wouldn’t guess That is good for me!” variety foods. The probiotics in yogurt do miracles with the digestive observe and maintains a balanced balance of gut flora that optimizes digestion and the breakdown of certain substances (like Extra fat.) If you digestive track is working efficiently, your body is processing items better and it’s not as likely to pack on the pounds.
By now working with A few of these ideas ahead of I read through it on This great site while, belief me Learn More These are incredibly efficient… what’s the answer to stop dizziness often After i unfastened much more weight?
) are green right up until They're roasted. As compared to roasted beans, green espresso beans have better levels of chlorogenic acid. Green coffee extract, possibly because of its chlorogenic acid information, inhibits Excess fat accumulation in mice and people by regulating adipogenesis.
Also, it stimulates digestion and suppresses excess hunger because of malabsorption Learn More of nutrients in the body.
We are just imperfect creatures this way. It's important that you choose to figure out these minor failures as belongings towards your Total good results. you can check here When you can do that, you can forgive your self and Then you can certainly get suitable back again to it.
Mix two teaspoons of raw, unfiltered apple cider vinegar in a glass of drinking water. Drink it day by day each morning and if possible ahead of meals.
Yohimbe must only be applied below clinical supervision thanks to its prospective to make critical adverse results [219].
Including more physical exercise to your everyday routine, such as both of those cardio and power coaching, might help Why not give this a try from here boost Unwanted fat loss and Restrict the amount of muscle mass you lose.
"I attained my intention weight immediately after I ended routinely getting snacks at the grocery store. If I required a bag of chips or possibly a sweet bar, I had to wander to The shop to obtain it. That inconvenience typically designed me overlook my cravings." —Heather Del Baso, Worcester, MA
Case Presentation: Reported here is the authors’ use of Pernkopf’s Atlas in an interactive medical humanities seminar designed for third-year medical students. Topical articles, illustrations, and interviews introduced students to Pernkopf, his Atlas, and the surrounding controversies. We aimed to illustrate how this controversial historical publication can successfully foster student discussion and ethical reflection.
Conclusions: Pernkopf’s Atlas and our mix of contextual resources facilitated thoughtful discussions about history and ethics amongst the group. Anonymous course evaluations showed student interest in the subject matter, relevance to their studies, and appreciation of our special collection’s space and contents.
Today I had a call with someone who can supposedly help me market to one of my target audiences in the insurance industry.
The sales person told me I could buy a dedicated email blast (I hate that term by the way) to their list of 10,500 people for just $1,750 (normally $2,500).
She also told me that she may be able to “talk to someone” to see if she could also throw in 100,000 impressions on the remarketing they would do too.
She mentioned the size of the list (10,500) and the number of impressions (100k) multiple times. But I told her, in a nice way, that I didn’t care about impressions.
I told her I have to practice what I preach. So I would have to focus on the key metrics that matter:
She went on to explain how many partnerships they have with ad exchanges, etc. and how great their targeting is.
I eventually made a counter-offer, I said, “Hey, would you be willing to let me email half your list (5,250) for half the price ($875) so I could test the waters?”
It was a good reminder about how poorly digital marketing is sold to businesses today. And how little value is placed on metrics that matter (leads and sales!).
So the next time someone tries to sell you marketing services ask them how they will measure leads and sales (not impressions).
Hot sell NSK 6992 bearing with simple design are widely used in industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction, industrial fan, industrial transmission and other fields. Hot sell NSK 6992 bearing with simple design can ensure high quality for more than 80% raw material of Hot sell NSK 6992 bearing with simple design provided by the steel plant.Explorer series bearing of Hot sell NSK 6992 bearing with simple design are better than any brand bearings currently in bearing performance , lifetime, design, and the use of performance. Explorer series bearings of Hot sell NSK 6992 bearing with simple design have more advantages ,such as higher meet rated , lower noise, reducing warranty costs greatly, increasing running time of the machine .
Are you looking for information about Hot sell NSK 6992 bearing with simple design Or you want to buy Hot sell NSK 6992 bearing with simple design it.
The portfolio information of the webpage is for reference only. I apologize for the trouble you have caused.
Specific portfolio information, prices, please contact our experts, we will receive advice in the first time for you.
For Customer In Each Country In 7 Days Via DHL Express Or AirFlight.The portfolio information of the webpage is for reference only. I apologize for the trouble you have caused.
This case was filed on June 14, 2018. by Plaintiff SEA. Ltd. ("S-E-A") against Anthony Cornetto. (Compl., ECF No. 1.) Filed with the complaint was S-E-A's motion for temporary restraining order (“TRO”) and preliminary injunction. (ECF No. 2.) The Court set a hearing for today and directed S-E-A to provide prompt notice of the order entered yesterday scheduling the hearing. (Order. June 14, 2018. ECF No. 6.) S-E-A's counsel this morning at the hearing indicated he had emailed Cornetto at the address provided by Cornetto to S-E-A and also attempted telephone contact. The courtroom deputy also tried telephoning Cornetto this morning, but only got voice mail. Cornetto did not attend this morning's hearing. The Court is persuaded by the written materials in the record and by counsel's argument at the hearing that S-E-A has satisfied the requirements for a TRO. Accordingly, the Court will grant the motion insofar as it requests the entry of a TRO. will reserve ruling on the motion insofar as it requests a preliminary injunction, and will set a hearing to consider whether to enter preliminary injunctive relief.
As alleged in S-E-A's verified complaint, S-E-A is a company that provides forensic consulting and causal/failure analysis services to clients in insurance, legal, and manufacturing industries in multiple locations, including Maryland. (Compl. ¶ 5.) Cornetto worked for S-E-A first in its office in Millersville. Maryland, and later in its office in Glen Burnie. Maryland. (Id. ¶ 2.) Cornetto began employment in 1999 with a corporate predecessor of S-E-A and worked for that entity until 2003. (Id. ¶ 18.) Prior to that employment. Cornetto had no experience working as an accident reconstruction forensic consultant or in the subspecialty of conspicuity.[1] (Id. ¶19.) Neither did he have any clients in the State of Maryland. (Id.) All of Cornetto's technical training "came from and at the expense of S-E-A." (Id.)
Around September 2003, "S-E-A. through an affiliated entity (S-E-A Acquisitions Holding. LLC), acquired Cornetto's then-employer, at which point Cornetto became both an employee as well as an owner of the Company." (Id. ¶ 20.) He borrowed $50, 000 to purchase one membership share in S-E-A and this transaction was memorialized in a promissory note. (Id. ¶ 21.) Cornetto agreed, as a condition of receiving the loan and having the opportunity to become an owner, not to compete with S-E-A. (Id.)
Due to the specialized nature of S-E-A's services, it "invests considerable money and time in training its forensic consultants, to. among other things, ensure they can competently and credibly perform services for the Company's clients in a manner that is consistent with sound scientific or engineering principles and [are] able to withstand cross-examination." (Id. ¶ 6.) Cornetto received several years of training in order to work independently on projects. (Id. ¶ 7.) In addition to receiving training in forensic analysis. Cornetto received training to develop his area of special expertise, conspicuity, as well as training in computer animations and imaging sciences. (Id. ¶ 9.)
S-E-A's forensic consultants "become inexorably and intimately knowledgeable about. among other things. S-E-A's clients, the contacts for those [clients], the specific types of cases that they handle, the financial information regarding its clients' rates, and the needs, preferences. likes, and dislikes of such clients." (Id. ¶ 13.) As an employee and owner of S-E-A, Cornetto was privy to that valuable information as well as to the company's business plans, strategies, and revenues. (Id. ¶¶ 22, 24, 26.) Over the years, "S-E-A has invested substantial time and money to acquire and build its reputation, image and relationships with its clients and business contacts, and has an established and valuable reputation, trade and patronage." which have "significant economic value to S-E-A, and would be of significant economic value to competitors in the forensic engineering business." (Id. ¶ 15.)
To protect its legitimate business interests in all of the foregoing. S-E-A requires its forensic consultants to sign restrictive covenants and nondisclosure agreements as a condition of employment and/or ownership in S-E-A. (Id. ¶ 16.) Some of these covenants and agreements "were assets of S-E-A's predecessors that were acquired by and assigned to S-E-A." (Id. ¶ 17.) On September 2. 2008. Cornetto executed an Employment and Confidential Information Agreement with S-E-A in which he agreed, for a period of two years following termination of his employment, not to accept directly or indirectly any new assignments or to provide any services to clients for whom Cornetto provided any client services in the twenty-four months prior to his termination date. (Id. ¶ 23.)
Over time. S-E-A paid Cornetto approximately $202, 272 in cash distributions in return for his initial $50, 000 investment and his purchase of additional shares; he also received shares as bonuses in connection with those purchases. (Id. ¶ 27.) Around June 2016. Cornetto informed S-E-A that he was resigning and he wanted S-E-A to purchase his membership units. (Id. ¶ 28.) As a condition of S-E-A's repurchase of his membership units, Cornetto and S-E-A executed a Noncompetition and Nondisclosure Agreement on June 12. 2016. in which Cornetto agreed, for the ensuing five years, not to directly or indirectly compete with S-E-A by starting his own company that is engaged in business the same as or similar to S-E-A's business, by working for anyone engaged in such business, or being an owner, officer, independent contractor, or creditor of any entity engaged in such business; the restriction was effective within the geographic territory defined as "any area which is within one hundred (100) miles of any office [of] the Company." (Id. ¶ 29.) Further. Cornetto agreed to cooperate with S-E-A on cases or projects in which he was involved and would receive compensation as an independent contractor for that work. (Id. ¶¶ 30 33.) Additionally, this agreement mandated a duty of confidentiality on Cornetto so that he would not divulge or use any of S-E-A's confidential information, including client information. (Id. ¶ 31.) To fulfill a duty under the September 2. 2003. Agreement, S-E-A provided Cornetto with a list of S-E-A clients whom he had agreed not to solicit. (Id. ¶ 34.)
Upon information and belief. S-E-A alleges Cornetto set up a competing business. Momenta, LLC. on August 13, 2016. (Id. ¶ 36.) On May 17, 2018, a S-E-A client, identified as such on the nonsolicitation list given by S-E-A to Cornetto at his departure from the company. forwarded an email message to Cornetto at his old S-E-A email address: the substance of the email referred to "a traffic reconstruction expert consultant project, which is precisely what Cornetto did for this same client within the last 24 months of his employment with S-E-A." (Id. ¶ 38.) S-E-A maintains and monitors Cornetto"s old email address "because he still has ongoing cases that he handles pursuant to his independent contractor agreement." (Id. ¶ 38.) S-E-A forwarded the email directly to Cornetto and asked if it was for an S-E-A case. (Id. ¶ 39.) Cornetto's response indicated the client's email was sent accidentally to the S-E-A email address and that S-E-A should delete all associated emails because they might contain confidential client information. (Id.) The May 17 email prompted S-E-A to investigate Cornetto's activities, which S-E-A concluded were in violation of his noncompetition obligations. (Id. ¶ 40.)
Momenta LLC's Articles of Organization indicate it is engaged in the same or similar business of providing services as Cornetto provided when employed by S-E-A. (Id. ¶ 41.) Although Momenta LLC lists a business address of Cumberland. Maryland. S-E-A's investigation indicates that Cornetto is actively engaging in business with Maryland clients from his home address in Severna Park, Maryland, which is approximately eleven miles from his former S-E-A office location. (Id. ¶ 44.) In the hearing, S-E-A's counsel contended the Cumberland address (updated from Momenta's original address of Cornetto's Severna Park home) is a mere subterfuge. S-E-A spoke with both Cornetto and the client referenced in the May 17. 2018. email, but "[n]either would confirm that Cornetto was not violating his obligations to S-E-A. In a conversation with Cornetto on June 8, 2018, for the purpose of obtaining an explanation from him about the May 17. 2018 Email, he refused to discuss its substance, saying only that he had a different interpretation." (¶ 45.)
In investigating Cornetto's activities, S-E-A discovered another email, also dated May 17. 2018. similarly referencing Cornetto's work for another S-E-A client for whom Cornetto had provided services in the twenty-four months prior to his termination and who was also on the nonsolicitation list. (Id. ¶ 46.) In addition. S-E-A found a Linkedln posting indicating Cornetto had provided consulting services to another S-E-A client in the area of accident reconstruction and conspicuity; this client was also included in the nonsolicitation list. (Id. ¶ 47.)
MDETECTORS.COM has compiled this info so that you may be better informed about our affiliate program.
The Affiliate program of mdetectors.com is addressed to companies and persons who want to earn more money by their own internet site.
To manage your own internet site and to place HTML code of the advertising banner or text link in a prominent position on your site. To be registered as a Partner of mdetectors.com.
When customers click on the placed on your site link leading toward our site, buy and pay for the purchased goods from mdetectors.com.
Your profit will be 2% of the really bought and paid goods by customers, visited our internet shop through your internet site. This value does not include taxes, transport costs, and insurances. Mdetectors.com keeps a detailed statistics about every clicking, every purchase and it is available for every registered Partner through the administrative panel.
Banners can be copied by different categories of administrative panel after you register as a Partner. Advertisements can be different: banners /.gif/ or text links. Banners and links can lead as to the main page of mdetectors.com as to a certain category or every product in the shop. The choice is yours!
By the administrative panel when you register as a Partner. Banners are generated automatically in an HTML code which you simply have to copy and place in a prominent position on your internet page.
By the administrative panel when you register as a Partner you can see detailed statistics about clicking's through your site and for real purchased and paid goods.
After a customer visit our shop by a link of your site and orders and really pays for ordered goods we will endorse your virtual account with earned money. We will open this account after you register as a Partner. After you get minimum 50 /fifty/ leva in it we will transfer them into your real bank account. This will be done till the 15th day every next month. If the sum in your virtual account for the current month is lower than 50 leva, we will not transfer them the next month, but we will wait until they reach 50 leva.
COLT is for Chapter Officer Leadership Training through the Maryland FFA State Officers. It will be held October 12-14, 2018 at River Valley Ranch in Manchester, MD Go under Leadership, click on COLT Conference for letter and registration form to upload through wufoo.
Everyone, including Members, Advisors and Chaperones must complete and submit a waiver to participate in the 2018 Chapter Officer Leadership Training held at the River Valley Ranch.
The Maryland FFA Association is the state agricultural youth leadership organization of almost 3,000 student members comprising 47 FFA chapters. The FFA mission is to make a positive difference in the lives of students by developing their potential for premier leadership, personal growth and career success through agricultural education.
On November 6th members from across Maryland went on a horticulture career tour. While on this tour they learned ab… https://t.co/QtKwaECVuR
Calling all Maryland FFA Chapter Officers! Chapter Officer Leadership Training is right around the corner. Make sur… https://t.co/fgzHDYUklo
Aviator Sunglasses Price - Buy & Order Aviator Sunglasses Price Online with Free Shipping in USA - TOP 10 Aviator Sunglasses Price as seen on November 14, 2018
You are looking for Aviator Sunglasses Price - Shop sales, stores & prices - Find the largest selection of Aviator Sunglasses Price - Shop Popular Sunglasses by price, color, shape, brand and more. Get the best sales, coupons, and deals at KingdomOfTheSun.net
Gary Black from Black Optical in Tulsa, OK gives us the rundown on how to pick out the perfect pair of aviator shades. It's more complicated than you think.
KingdomOfTheSun.net Shop Recommends Yellow Sunglasses Lenses, Vintage Ray Ban Sunglasses For Sale and Cheap Aviator Sunglasses - Order Now For Sale Prices at Amazon, Walmart, Ebay. Enjoy your shopping for discount prices? Want to compare prices on Most Popular Sunglasses online before making a purchase? Looking for ways to save money? All of this and more is possible at KingdomOfTheSun.net - your premier source for online comparison Sunglasses shopping: compare prices on 300 000+ models from leading stores Glasses, Lookmatic, Ray-Ban, WayFair, Steven Alan , Target, Warby Parker, BestBuy, Dior, SunglassHut, SunglassesShop and other.
© KingdomOfTheSun.net 2018 | Check the best prices on sunglasses online. Aviator Sunglasses Price last checked shopping results on November 14, 2018 KingdomOfTheSun.net is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com
Ray Ban Sunglasses Small Size - Buy & Order Ray Ban Sunglasses Small Size Online with Free Shipping in USA - TOP 10 Ray Ban Sunglasses Small Size as seen on November 14, 2018
You are looking for Ray Ban Sunglasses Small Size - Shop sales, stores & prices - Find the largest selection of Ray Ban Sunglasses Small Size - Shop Popular Sunglasses by price, color, shape, brand and more. Get the best sales, coupons, and deals at KingdomOfTheSun.net
KingdomOfTheSun.net Shop Suggests Spy Sunglasses Cheap, Re Aviator Sunglasses and Photosensitive Lenses Sunglasses - Order Now Online at Amazon, Walmart, Ebay. Enjoy your shopping for discount prices? Want to compare prices on Most Popular Sunglasses online before making a purchase? Looking for ways to save money? All of this and more is possible at KingdomOfTheSun.net - your premier source for online comparison Sunglasses shopping: compare prices on 300 000+ models from leading stores Glasses, Lookmatic, Ray-Ban, WayFair, Steven Alan , Target, Warby Parker, BestBuy, Dior, SunglassHut, SunglassesShop and other.
© KingdomOfTheSun.net 2018 | Check the best prices on sunglasses online. Ray Ban Sunglasses Small Size last checked shopping results on November 14, 2018 KingdomOfTheSun.net is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com
Home improvement entails everything from a fresh coat of paint in a room or as hard as remodeling the home. Keep an eye out for sales on carpet installation offered by home-improvement stores. They often…
TAMKO is the result of over seven decades of professional teamwork, lasting relationships with customers, employees and suppliers as well as commitment to steady improvement but of course there are bound to be a few bumps in the road; in this case we have the TAMKO roofing complaints. Dozens of clients claim that the TAMKO Laminated Asphalt Shingles are not as lasting or durable like they claim to be. Those that had the Heritage Series installed, the series where the TAMKO Laminated Asphalt Shingles belong to, raised some issues regarding certain defects. Some of the problems include, but are not entirely limited to, premature curling, cracking and delamination; signs that the quality and protection is not as good as promised.
The TAMKO Heritage Series Laminated Asphalt Shingles feature a roof covering with weathering-grade asphalt as well as a thirty year limited warranty. This particular product was supposed to give roof protection for years to come, especially when taking into account features like double-layer fiberglass matting, weather resistant construction and self-sealing asphalt strips for added wind resistance.
In the TAMKO Shingles Lawsuit, the shingles are being complained for an overwhelming number of design flaws that resulted in the deterioration, cracking, degranulation, curling and blistering of the product; the effects caused considerable damage to the property. Despite the fact that TAMKO offered warranties even spanning up to fifty years for their shingles, the TAMKO Shingles Lawsuit claimed that the company neglected to test exactly how long the shingles would last and has also failed in covering the cost for labor whenever a client filed for services under the warranty. Overall, the TAMKO Shingles Lawsuit wants compensation for clients who experienced issues with the allegedly defective shingles and to stop any and all advertisement, marketing and sales practices involving this particular product.
In the latest updated, TAMKO Laminated Asphalt Shingles are not being recalled by the company. But that doesn’t mean that clients who experienced the issues or defects are not entitled to some sort of compensation especially with the hassle that it caused and the additional money that the owner had to spend on replacement and repair. So for those that had actually encountered the problem, they have the choice of filing a TAMKO Shingles Lawsuit to recover all costs.
In the TAMKO Shingles Lawsuit, it has claims that TAMKO sold products with issues and are therefore responsible for compensation every consumer that installed the allegedly shingles on their property. Apart from that, the suit also claims that all sorts of manufacturing and design defects ultimately caused damaged to the roof of the owner and a huge part of the underlying structures; the accumulated cost for needed repairs and replacements are overwhelming.
urban concepts outdoor furniture rove commercial living home 4d,outdoor concepts awesome info throughout bo furniture 4d seasonal,boconcept outdoor table seasonal concepts furniture home loft concept 3 piece chairs design,poly concepts outdoor furniture design 1 4 copper glass lbs home seasonal,boconcept garden furniture concepts patio specialty umbrellas design outdoor deck,international concepts outdoor furniture rove design la inch propane fire pit table by,international concepts outdoor furniture 4d what we do distinctive urban,outdoor concepts awesome island fire pit boconcept garden furniture design 4d,international concepts outdoor furniture 4d trends of patio home repair sets modern boconcept table,seasonal concepts outdoor furniture fire pits urban boconcept garden.
In addition to the preferred formats listed above the Internet Machine shop can accept the following file types:
The Internet Machine Shop can also accept blueprints including .DOC, .RTF, .PDF and scanned hand drawn images. Please ZIP all files.
Uniquely pursue functionalized outsourcing rather than exceptional markets. Appropriately embrace effective methods of empowerment.
Episode 39 – First was the Unconference which led to OKC CoCo co-working space. Then came the 404 co-working space. Now, Tommy is once again in on another ground floor development of a new co-working space. This one is called StarSpace46. We talk about the opportunities that these co-working spaces have offered especially to startups and the tech community in Oklahoma City.
BRETT DICKERSON is the founder of both the Intersections Podcast and the online news website Oklahoma City Free Press.
Why oxtail soup is called such when in fact that it is beef tail that is used in this super rich and delicious soup?? Maybe oxtail was indeed used but not easy to find ox over here so beef tail would do.
Anyway and anyhow, I got myself some beef tails from the local supermarket on one Sunday morning and here is my very own version of home-cooked oxtail soup or we fondly called "sup ekor" in Malaysia.
6. Close the lid and let it cook for an hour or till the tails have soften. Season with salt and pepper.
Good question! I suspect it was originally made with ox too but ox isn't plentiful here (except for imported Indian buffalo, which I guess is a kind of ox?).
I've always wanted to cook my own oxtail soup but somehow or other, I never got round to doing that.
Wow! It never cross my mind that we can actually cook this at home. LoL. I don't see animal tails being sold anywhere that's why :P
Haiyooo...this would be my favourite, Rose but I've never cooked it. It's very expensive here. Surprised to see that it's reasonably priced over there. Jealous I! -_-
Wow... a very delicacy dish... I tried once, oxtail soup, too heaty for me.. hhhaaa... I think I can take in cooling food and drinks than hot spicy ones..
I love Sup Tulang... never tried Sup Ekor. hehe. By the way, may I know where did you get beef stock? Thank you for sharing the recipe.
About life adventure, food and interesting events. Rose is the name I use as like the beautiful flower, I want to live life to the fullest, most colourful and meaningful. Kuching, Sarawak is where my heart is.
All writing and photographs in Rose’ World are self-production of Rose since November 2007 unless indicated otherwise. All rights reserved. For any collaboration, please contact me at roliew@yahoo.com
The Nike Free Run Flyknit uses a one-piece Flyknit upper to conform to the needs of your foot. The Flyknit thread is tightly woven in areas that require more support, while a looser weave allows cooling airflow in the forefoot.
Flywire cables at the midfoot provide adjustable support and lockdown through the laces. Low-profile midsole and rounded heel create a smoother footstrike and running gait. New tri-star outsole pattern expands at impact and contracts at toe-off, following the natural movement of the foot throughout your running stride.
Arabic Bulgarian Catalan Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English Filipino Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hindi Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Latvian Lithuanian Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Spanish Swedish Ukrainian Vietnamese
I love to make things myself. It gives personality to a home and you get attached to the things you created. I usually check 101 Woonideen and VT Wonen and blogs for DIY Tipps. Now there is a new DIY Magazine in Germany. It is called Cut. This nice creative magazine just launched their 10th edition. Hurrah! I really like their photography , it has a very special twist and the DIY ideas are so poetic and very creative.
Shaanxi Ming Chemical Technology Co.,Ltd was founded in XI’AN Shaanxi Province 2014. With more than 10 years plant extract experiences we know Chinese Herbal Ingredients well. Our main goal is to build long-term partnerships with customers across the world. Shaanxi Ming Chemical is a full service ingredients providers for the FOOD & BEVERAGE ,COSMETICS, PHARMACETICAL AND HEALTHY INDUSTRIES. We offer plant based ingredients and additives with impressive quality.
Our Service include sampling, OEM service shipping, quality documents and consulting provided by a professional young passionate team. We provide plant extract, Freeze and Spray Dry Fruit Powders Natural Sweeteners, Natural Pigment, Plant Protein, Functional Supplement and Super Food Supplement. Cooperated with more than 10 professional factories in China, we always here provide reliable service, competitive cost products for you. Our honored products: Nature sweetener monk fruit extract, Stevia extract, green coffee bean extract for weight loss, super food spirulina and freeze dry fruit powder strawberry powder etc have earned great reputation among our clients we and our partners are together to make healthy care products better. We Shaanxi Ming Chemical Technology Co.,Ltd always be here provide 100% natural pure products without any carries added. We promise we will refund the money if the quality is not meet your requests.
Our mission is to supply the most pure, potent nutraceuticals and botanical extracts, sustainably sourced and produced at our manufacturing partner facilities throughout China. We never hide the truth that we are trader. Only in this way, we have more choices, We can provide more quality-promising products. Regardless of business more essential thing is Trusting, Understanding, then Long-run Business relationships. Our Strict Quality Control System only for quality and sustainability we bring customers trust and peace of mind. With an ongoing commitment to purity, quality and reliability, our goal is to provide customers with everything they need to develop superior quality, successful products.
We are closely work with our long run business partner like: INTERJAY ,BERKEM,INDENA,NPNUTRA. Natural Source, Healthy Focus, we Together Make It Better!
When mentioned protein, lots of people may worried about allergic. While for Pea Protein this is a great option for anyone sensitive or allergic to dairy, soy and gluten.
With food allergies and intolerances on the rise, many people are seeking out foods that are free from triggering ingredients (think wheat, gluten, dairy, and soy). Enter pea protein, a plant-based powerhouse ingredient that's used in milks, yogurts, snack bars, faux meats, veggie burgers, and protein powder.
Pea protein comes from yellow split peas, which are part of the pulse family, along with beans, lentils, peas, and chickpeas. In addition to being naturally gluten-free, pulses rarely trigger allergies—and they’re tied to a number of health perks, from weight loss to a lower risk of heart disease and type 2 diabetes.
Pea protein is made by grinding dried pea into fine powder . Then starch and fiber are removed leaving a powdered concentrated protein substance. It is completely plant-based, unlike whey , casein, and egg-based protein powders and therefore ideal for vegetarians and vegans.
Protein isolates, and specifically Pea Protein Isolate, are well absorbed and have a myriad of functional benefits that include improved satiety, as well as facilitating fat-loss and muscle gain. Pea Protein Isolate offers a high-quality, high-protein option for vegans, vegetarians, those with dairy allergy or intolerance and others looking for a protein option free-from anti-nutrients.
Many people select animal-based protein powders over plant-based protein powders like pea protein because they’re worried about getting a “complete protein,” meaning a protein that has the full panel of amino acids.
Is the humble pea complete? The short answer is yes, but let’s walk through the details. Amino acids are the building blocks of protein, and are absolutely essential for human growth and cellular function.
There are 21 total amino acids, and your body needs all of them. It can make 12 of the 21 (known as the “nonessential” or “dispensable” amino acids), but you need to get 9 amino acids from the foods you eat. These are often called “essential” or “indispensable” amino acids.
There are also 6 “conditionally essential” amino acids, which can be synthesized by the body during times of physiologically distress.
Often times, people think of a protein as “complete” if it contains the 9 essential amino acids. Further, many people also still believe a plant-based protein can’t be “complete,” and that vegans must be slowly withering away from complete-protein shortages, unless they eat the essentials together.
Pea protein is actually rich in all essential amino acids except methionine, which it is adequate but just short of rich in. Methionine can be easily added into a plant-based diet with other plant-proteins, and is found in high amounts in foods like rice, soybeans, sunflower seeds, oats, and many nuts.
Moreover, methionine is converted to cysteine (another amino acid). Cysteine is crucial for may bodily processes, and methionine is its limiting factor in the conversion process. For this reason, they are often categorized together.
Overall, pea protein is an amino acid-rich food, and makes for a wonderful source of amino acids you need.
Vegetable protein powder is an entirely plant based, high protein, nutrient-rich food additive to help our body nourish and refuel. Pea Protein Powder is a great addition with a neutral taste to drinks and foods to support our diet and exercise program. Our Pea Protein Isolates is extracted from yellow pea without any pollution. pea protein powder is an important vegan protein powder for the vegetarians or those who are just looking for a pure animal free protein
Previous:Do you know What Makes your bread harder? Next:10 remarkable Health Benefits of Inulin Fiber you need to know
We have worked tirelessly with gamers to engineer features that deliver best-in-class performance, customization and ease-of-use for the ultimate network environment for gameplay. There should not be anything on your network that prevents you from having the ultimate game experience. With Nighthawk Pro Gaming, you will now have the power to win.
The ultimate gaming experience just got better. Unleash your gaming potential with faster speeds, higher performance, and more control of your game.
Established in 2013, Avant Gaming is one of Australia's and New Zealand’s leading eSports organisations.
Ninjas in Pyjamas (abbreviated NiP) is a professional esports organisation from Sweden that is best known for their Counter-Strike: Global Offensive team. Since its initiation in 2000, NiP has seen great success in competitions across the globe.
The Seoul Dynasty are a Korean professional Overwatch esports team based in Seoul, South Korea that currently competes in the inaugural season of the Overwatch League (OWL). The Seoul Dynasty is one of twelve founding members of the OWL and was the sixth franchise to have their branding officially revealed by Activision Blizzard. Prior to the Overwatch League, the team had won two titles in the Overwatch APEX series of tournaments.
Interested in partnering with us? Are you a professional team or gamer? Get in touch with us to learn more.
Our support and community always has your back. Check out our community pages for any questions you may have. Help is always just a click away.
After switching to responsive webforms, the Sign In and Register buttons disappear. Where can I add these back to the form or make them visible again?
The Sign In button default text color for responsive webforms is white. So if your website has a white background, the buttons are no longer visible.
To make the Sign In button a different color and visible again, you need to add CSS into the custom style sheet.
Note: Design changes are not within the scope of support. If you need further assistance, we recommend using a web developer.
If you want to change all three of the Register, Sign in, and Sign Out buttons to be the same color, use this code example to change it to black:
Here is an example of how targeting the Register, Sign In, and Sign out buttons with the same color may look in your Page Designer. Note: You may see different styles in the upper portion of the sheet, depending on your customization.
If you want to target the Register, Sign in, and Sign out link separately, you can use these examples:
Here is an example of how targeting the Register, Sign In, and Sign Out buttons separately may look in your Page Designer. Note: You may see different styles in the upper portion of the sheet, depending on your customization.
Barkley Bastian, DDS, Erik Wong, DMD, & Tammy Bexton, DMD of Pure Health Dentistry - Maui Health Network Member
Pure Health Dentistry offers adults and children a full range of modern dental services based on a natural and holistic approach. Our office is a friendly and relaxing environment where each patient is personally cared for by our team of dedicated and caring professionals. We integrate the safest dental materials and techniques with state-of-the-art equipment to provide the highest quality care available.
Dr Bastian is the best Dentist I have ever known. I have known a lot of them in my 56 years. I had many old mercury fillings taken out, and other work done by him. Now my mouth is healthy and beautiful, I love to smile again. Dr Bastian is so kind and thoughtful, and the ultimate skillful professional. His team of staff are very welcoming and comforting. I am so grateful to have found Dr Bastian and his team. - Brenna Iset 2014
Jun 16, 2015 Maura Sweeney1 CommentArticles, VideosCNN News, Ellsworth Ell, how to create your own mental space, How to escape social media, how to find peace, I felt acutely accosted by the information expert opinion and commentary flowing out of the TV screen, Is it time to turn off social media, Mental Vacation
We all need a mental vacation from the spirit of restlessness. And if we don’t take one ourselves, the world is unlikely to provide one for us. Blog and video.
Jun 11, 2015 Maura SweeneyArticles, VideosHow do I rebrand myself in midlife, How to find happiness from your past, Maura Sweeney interviews at Florida Podcasters Summit, Midlife women change to authentic careers, Where can I go to brand myself, Who am I?, Who is PattyE? Who is Patty Elizee
When it comes to finding and developing your identity, are you still listening to the outside world for advice or have you allowed your heart speak instead? A look at what forms our careers and life, followed by a video interview with podcaster and inspirer Patty Elizee who talks about her idea of a Brand You Economy.
Mar 12, 2015 Maura Sweeney1 CommentArticles, Podcast, VideosDionne Warwick compels all of us to return to our own heart in Do You Know the Way to San Jose, Do You Know the Way to San Jose, How to find inner happiness and peace, How to find my way back home, Maura Sweeney podcast Do You Know the Way, Meet Jude Kelly from Canada who shares how music makes him happy in life
Do you know the way to San Jose? was a pleasant memory of one of Dionne Warwick’s most beloved hits. Yet its deeper message beckons us to come back home. Read, watch her video and listen to a podcast by the same name that will invite you to return home to your place of happiness and peace, too.
Feb 24, 2015 Maura SweeneyArticles, VideosBarbara Marville, Barbara Marville-Kelly, How to find purpose after 50, I have enjoyed greatly the second blooming… suddenly you find – at the age of 50 say – that a whole new life has opened before you. ~ Agatha Christie quote, Life Reimagined with Prime Time TV Show and Maura Sweeney, Maura Sweeney on Prime Time TV Show with Barbara Marville, Prime Time, Prime Time TV Show, Prime Time TV Show for Baby Boomers
Are you over 50 and thinking your “prime time” years are behind you? Think again! Prime Time TV features former HSN host Barbara Marville interviewing Maura Sweeney about the boxes we grew up in, built for ourselves and the new ways we can enjoy our newest version of the best time ever in life. If you’re looking for engaging, fun and inspiring conversation on why the best years are now, this show is definitely for you!
Feb 16, 2015 Maura SweeneyArticles, Videos"My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, Celebrate Washington's Birthday, Famous George Washington quotes, Famous leaders influenced by their mothers, historic Fredericksburg VA home to Mary Bell Washington, history of Mary Bell Washington, intellectual and physical education I received from her." ~George Washington, Maura Sweeney speaks about George Washington's mother, The power of a mother's influence, Who was the greatest influence on George Washington
“My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.” ~George Washington
Jan 15, 2015 Maura SweeneyArticles, VideosAn investigation into the early Beatles and how they rose to success, BBC Merseyside Radio information, How to find happiness in our careers, How to make new friends, How to share happiness with others, How to turn hobbies and interests into a career, Maura Sweeney in Liverpool England, Maura Sweeney interviews BBC Radio Host Simon Hoban, Who is Simon Hoban
Do you know there are “friends” out there who are waiting to meet you? As we’re heading down our own path to happiness, life has a way of supplying us with unexpected — and pleasant — friends along the way. In my case, that meant meeting up with Simon Hoban, journalist and co-host at BBC Radio in Liverpool, England.
One of the things I love about travel is getting to meet new friends and engaging in lively conversation about …
Dec 24, 2014 Maura SweeneyArticles, Framed Quotes, Podcast, VideosHow can I brighten my spirituality, How to be a light, How to see universal love and light, Inspiring podcasts on iTunes and Stitcher by Maura Sweeney, Let your light so shine before ment quote from Jesus in gospel of Matthew, What does my mind look like, What does the inside of Bucharest Romania's Antheneum look like
Contemplating how to convey happy and peaceful sentiments during the holiday season, my thoughts suddenly alighted upon an unusual video I created one when visiting the Romanian Athenaeum concert hall in Bucharest, Hungary. It was perfect for sharing holiday wishes because it featured magical lights!
Dec 8, 2014 Maura SweeneyVideosCan I remember being happy, How can I find happiness when I don't feel it, Maura Sweeney in London City, Where is my happy place, Where was Parent Trip filmed in London
I’m in London at the site of a happy scene from The Parent Trap. Let’s talk about remembering your happy …
Nov 12, 2014 Maura SweeneyArticles, Videos"Most of my life, Famous podcaster from Disney, Happy careers with Maura4u, How to create a Disney career, I've done what I wanted to do. I've had fun on the job." ~ Walt Disney, Maura Sweeney interviews Lou Mondello, Who is Lou Mongello of Disney Radio
Maura Sweeney interviews: How NJ lawyer Lou Mongello turned his Disney dreams to reality with a happy career in Florida at WDW Radio.
As a PMP, you'll be recognized as being able to apply the knowledge, skills, tools and techniques that are utilized in the practice of project management. PMP certification has a rigorous application requirement so be sure to always check the latest course requirements and steps for certification from the vendor as there may be additional requirements we do not list.
Laisser un commentaire [Mes bonnes adresses] – Hébergement à Tolède / [Recommended addresses] – Where to stay in Toledo
Grey Nike Shoes Kids Velcro is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Happy Feet Shoes Online India is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Running Shoe Endorses Trump is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Do https://cheatautomationaimbot.tumblr.com remember your first Gameboy? Maybe you're too young for that, so it was your first Gameboy DS or even PSP, but having that game in your hands was liberating. From console to cell phone games, there's something to learn about the field, and this article provides that knowledge.
Be aware of ESRB ratings. Just like movies, video games come with ratings. These ratings let you know the intended audience for the game you are about to play. If you are buying video games for a minor, it is important that you familiarize yourself with the rating and warning system.
Don't waste your money on survival guides. Video games are expensive, buying a guide on top of the video game makes them even more so. You can find free, in-depth guides online for just about any video game. Before you pay fifteen to thirty dollars for something you might not need, check online.
If your child is playing video games, steer clear of multiplayer options. Typically, these games allow a chat feature, which means that your child may be talking with people much older than they are. If you do allow it, make sure that you monitor play time closely so that you know what your child is exposed to.
Find the best deal for video games by search online. Many times, this is the best place to get video games without breaking the bank. You can get a game that is just like new, without the new price tag. Games can be costly, and this is the best way to save money on them.
Play video games and get into shape. Many new video games are played by using actual movement of your body. If you are interested in getting into better shape, research the new video games that can help you do that. Then, pop in a game and get moving and become healthier.
Sell your old gaming items. Instead of just letting your gaming items you no longer use sit around and collect dust, sell them. You can either sell them online or at many different game stores. In most areas you can find video game stores that buy and sell gaming items.
To save some money on your video games, think about subscribing to a service that you can rent games from. The cost of these rental agreements for a year is usually less than the price of two games. You can keep the games until you beat them and just send them back and order another one.
To ensure you get the most out of your child's gaming experience, there better be limits that are set for your children when they play video games. Your child should not be playing more than two hours of video games each day.
To make the most of your video gaming budget, wait half a year before getting titles you want. On average, major releases hit twenty dollars within five months. At that price, you can buy three times the games you could if you got them at their launch date and price.
Know what microtransactions are. Many video games now rely on these in game transactions for either some or even all of their revenue. Often linked to Recommended Internet page or debit card, you can wind up spending a lot of money within a game on virtual or premium content and not realize how much you are really spending.
When you create characters for online roleplaying games, give some thought to the world they're supposed to inhabit when you name them. Although simply click the following article don't care about the names of the other characters they encounter, some will react negatively to out-of-place names. Not everyone in a medieval fantasy game will be willing to partner up with "WeedToka420."
Practice makes perfect! The more you play a game, the better you'll be. The more walkthroughs you read, the better prepared you'll be for each level. Watch videos of others playing, or read posts about their experiences, and you'll find you quickly master games with little effort and frustration.
Need help? Articles like this one can answer any question you have, be it about how to cheat in a game or how to find new titles for the lowest prices. Keep reading online about video gaming and you'll never have a question go unanswered. And keep playing, too!
Kapanlagi.com – After a lawsuit with their former agency SM Entertainment had won, boyband JYJ seem to want to rid themselves of another lawsuit, claiming victory against their former Japanese agency, Avex.
JYJ’s agency, C-Jes Entertainment confirmed the news saying, “Through trial in Japan on Friday (18/1), it was decided that Avex now has no right to disturb JYJ’s promotional activities in Japan,” as reported by allkpop.com.
They added, “Once we receive the document official decision, we will provide a press release to media colleagues,”
Previously, JYJ has undergone contract lawsuit against Avex since 2011 because Avex interfering with JYJ’s effort to hold a charity concert which devoted to the earthquake in Tohoku.
With this official decision, there most likely that JYJ is now free to do promotions in Japan just like their freedom to do the promotion in South Korea. (alk / aia)
WowKeren.com – JYJ wins the case about what they are entitled to. Following the outcome of the trial of the case slave contract with SM Entertainment over the past year, JYJ can breathe easier now as they have completed the case of a lawsuit with his former agency in Japan, Avex.
The step of JYJ in Japan was hampered in 2011 due to dispute with SM Entertainment and Avex. Avex itself cooperation with SM Entertainment for the handling of SM artist career in Japan. When JYJ and TVXQ still be personnel involved in dispute with SM, Avex join “against” them, and prohibit JYJ career in Japan during the case has not been finished.
JYJ now has won the case. “During the trial in Japan on January 18, the Court ruled Avex can not interfere promo JYJ’s activities in Japan,” said a spokesman for the agency C-Jes Entertainment as reported by allkpop. “If an official document from a court settles down, we will announce a press release.”
Thus, JYJ was relieved to finally indulge again in Japan. Previously, Avex always jammed their steps when conducting activities in Japan. (wk / dn)
Idol group JYJ have prevailed over the lawsuit on the exclusivity contract filed against Avex Japan.
According to Tokyo District Court, Avex should suspend the act of claiming exclusive management of JYJ in Japan. The court ordered Avex to pay reparations amounting to 660 Million JPY to C-Jes, JYJ’s management agency.
This ruling meant a lot for JYJ. When JYJ separated from TVXQ, they had to accept constraints on their activities due to various lawsuits. Last November 2009, JYJ received an injunction for the suspension of their exclusive contract with SM. They signed an agreement in February 2010 with Avex amidst false rumors like the C-Jes CEO being involved in organized crime group.
Due to the litigation, they turned to dramas and musicals. The fact that they can’t work in Japan was a major blow, despite having a considerable fanbase.
In fact, it is not unreasonable to say that TVXQ is used as the starting point of Hallyu wave in Japan. Currently, idol groups Kara, snsd, beast and 2PM are gaining popularity in Japan, but they pale in comparison with TVXQ’s popularity in the past in terms of depth and width of the fanbase.
According to local sources, the Hallyu wave was reduced compared to before. The Dokdo dispute has contributed significantly to the decline of hallyu.
Resumption of JYJ’s activities in Japan is being viewed positively since they can target both music and drama markets. JYJ member Park Yuchun has solidified his position as an actor in his recent dramas.
Park Yuchun has increasingly gaining popularity for starring in several dramas such as Rooftop Prince, Miss Ripley, and I Miss You. His first drama, Sungkyungkwan Scandal, was successful in Japan. This will help in the resumption of their activities in Japan.
In prevailing over their lawsuits, fans are hopeful that it is the start of JYJ’s full-fledged activities. It is noteworthy that their comeback could be a game-changer and can lead to structural changes in the future of the hallyu wave in Japan.
Leading member of well known K-pop group, JYJ, Junsu was selected as a celebrity number one who has the pulling power throughout 2012. Website for tickets, Interpark held Golden Ticket Awards from 24 December 2012 to January 6, 2013.
For best musical, the position is determined through 40 percent online vote,30 per cent of ticket sales and the other 30 percent from ranking system owned by Interpark. For best actor, the ranking is based on 60 per cent of ticket sales and 40 percent of the online vote.
Elisabeth Musical which featuring Junsu was selected as the number one musical and Junsu was selected as the best musical actor.
WOOHOO!!!!! JYJ won the battle in Japan. Their Lawsuit with AVEX already end today and JYJ is won it !!!!! according my Tline, Avex also ordered to pay CJES 600 million yen in damages. This is approx $6.7 million USD. 13018 became JYJ independence day in Japan
And, they didn’t lose the spirit and decided to not be defeated and carried on with that energy, which was because of the solid bond and support that the fans are giving to them.
JYJ3 Note: Hayato-san edited and updated his original entry and added additional paragraphs to his post.
Beijing – JYJ member Junsu recently selected as the most popular foreign artists in China version one of the music program at the Beijing TV show, Yin Yue Feng Yun Bang. Junsu managed to become number one after successfully garnering support 63.7% of the total votes collected, as reported by Mnet.
In the questionnaires, Junsu managed to beat Justin Bieber in the second place and Madonna to be satisfied in the eighth as the most popular foreign artists in China.
Music program Yin Yue Feng Yun Bang doing some analyze for Junsu’s victory in the polls, where the results are associated with high popularity thanks to Junsu single titled album release Thank U For the last Christmas season. Nevertheless Junsu wins big surprise, because he was have a high popularity and quite stable in China.
Junsu greet his fans over the past year in Asia, USA, South America and Europe with the touring world. Previously, he has released his first Korean solo album titled Tarantallegra and released an English language single titled “uncommitted.”
Kapanlagi.com – His voice has a description as a unique and beautiful sound. He has fans all over the world, he is one member of K-pop boy band that is most popular namely JYJ. And as if not quite fair, he’s very handsome and has a star aura.
With a variety of qualities that make many people jealous, it is not surprising that Kim Junsu was eventually elected as the Most Popular by Foreign Singers Top Chinese Music based entertainment TV program Beijing.
Junsu reached 63.7% vote, and even beat the world pop singer Justin Bieber is in the second position and Madonna in third. Even one single successful Junsu released on December 24 last, Thank U For also shown.
So far Junsu’s popularity in China in 2012 was so exceptional. His solo debut album, TARANTALLEGRA and the single uncommitted is in the first position on Yin Yue Tai, China’s largest MV chart. Junsu also successfully held a concert in July 2012 with more than 1,000 fans and 20 media waiting at the airport.
Even in South Korea, Junsu is also a musical artist who sold the most tickets in 2012. This success makes Junsu seemed to enjoy his solo career as reported kpopstarz.com. (kps / aia)
You are really right Junsu-ah……..It’s same goes to you and your brothers…..no matter how hard people tried to hide you from public and defamed you with many malicious rumors, you are gonna keep shining and instead became covered, you guys only became more shining than before like a diamond. You and your brothers already give many clear message and sign that you guys gonna keep stand up and move on even though many obstacle came to you. I miss you Junsu-ah…… >_<
When she was asked who her ideal is, she said “I’ve been saying this everywhere for a while now, but it’s Park Yoo Chun. I even worked with him for 2 dramas already. He’s nice and funny and everything about him is good.”
[TRANS] Hoho, guess who I took this picture with?ㅋㅋ He’s handsome and his personality is good at the best, he’s just unconditionally “jjang” (T/N the best). It was an honour I could do this project together with you, Park Actor-nim♥
[TRANS] Is this the same picture?? I wonder what did I not remember to post for [there was] too manyㅜ;;
Odds they intentionally gave Russell Crowe the wrong start time in the hopes that he wouldn&apos;t show up to sing 2:7
From discussion to action — Michael Ratner and his fellow lawyers have drafted a call to impeach President Bush.
Until recently, talk of ousting President George W. Bush has proved little more than a distant rumbling. For too long, impeachment has been deemed implausible. It’s not going to happen with a Republican Congress, so the argument goes. Not with the president finishing his second term, not while we’re at war.
But the distant rumbling is growing louder by the day, creating a resonant echo that is rapidly taking root in public discourse. “Impeach Him,” reads the cover of this month’s Harper’s magazine. And in a public forum in New York City last week, journalists, lawyers, and political figures came together to discuss the case against our president.
Since September 11th, 2001, there has been no shortage of news regarding this administration’s involvement in torture, lies, secrecy and obstruction of the law. Yet, there has been little discussion in the mainstream media of holding those in power accountable for the actions so diligently cataloged by the press. It is a conspicuous vacuum that helps to explain why calls for impeachment are rapidly gaining currency.
In fact, the case for the impeachment of President Bush is arguably the strongest in American history. The Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) makes this amply clear in its recent book, a concise indictment of President Bush that lays out four clear legal arguments that point to impeachment as a necessary remedy for the gross violation of our Constitution. The Articles of Impeachment Against George W. Bush covers illegal wiretapping, torture, rendition, detention and the Iraq war. An appendix compares the impeachment proceedings of Andrew Johnson, Nixon and Clinton to the comparatively more powerful case against Bush.
Lawyers at the CCR, indeed lawyers throughout the world, have been embroiled in litigation with the administration for years. But the administration has consistently demonstrated disdain for the law, with the president effectively thumbing his nose at the Supreme Court, Congress, and the American people. It is this reality that led Michael Ratner and his fellow lawyers at the CCR to provide a clear argument for impeachment to the American people and Congress.
The piecemeal battles that journalists, lawyers and activists fight every day are a testament to the respect many Americans still have for the rule of law. But arguments against the president’s violation of the Constitution have not resulted in any reform or change in behavior. Public shaming and the threat of legal action often work to keep politicians in line. But President Bush is vocally disinterested in the public’s approval of his agenda. Furthermore, he views the law, as evidenced by torture and detainee litigation, as mutable suggestion. For such a president, legal recourse is largely ineffectual — unless Americans and Congress reclaim the power of the law to remove the offending parties.
As Ratner told AlterNet, “While our battles against illegal wiretaps and Guantanamo are critical for trying to get back legality, until we get rid of what I consider a criminal administration, we will not be able to go back to even a semblance of civil liberties and human rights.”
The Articles of Impeachment make clear that this is no longer just about President Bush. Rather, it is about preventing the executive branch from obtaining carte blanche to disregard the two other branches of government. This is a paradigm shift that has already gained substantial footing through this administration’s steady erosion of legal precedent.
There is no shortage of diligent documentation of this president’s violation of laws and misleading of the public — from the 1,284-page Torture Papers to congressman John Conyers’ 273-page compilation of the lies leading to the Iraq war. But behind this incredible ongoing compendium of evidence against President Bush lurks the realization that publicly pointing to criminal behavior is not synonymous with bringing it to an end.
It is the ultimate case of missing the forest for the trees. Behind this massive body of evidence, behind each new report of this president’s transgressions of the law, is the threat of the one and only story that Americans will read for the rest of this presidency, and presidencies to come: The abuse of power, and the destruction of our Constitution.
As Ratner notes, “We need to be as radical as reality, and reality right now is very, very radical.” Indeed, after reading through the Articles of Impeachment, readers will find that the only thing radical about impeaching this president is simply that it has not yet happened.
AlterNet spoke with Michael Ratner to discuss the specifics behind the legal arguments for impeachment, and the need for popular protest to restore the rule of law and force Congress to hold this administration accountable.
Michael Ratner: We’ve drafted four articles: Article I concerns the warrantless wiretapping of Americans in the U.S. This constitutes a violation of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) which prohibits and makes criminal any wiretapping without a warrant. The president has said that he’s doing this, and it’s a criminal charge that can get you five years in jail for each count. Additionally, it violates the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution, which prohibits unlawful searches and seizures — this includes electronic surveillance. On a deeper level, these wiretaps deny the efficacy and validity of a congressional act.
Article Two of the impeachment of Richard Nixon is very similar. Nixon went outside of Congressional law and engaged in warrantless wiretapping against domestic dissidents and others who opposed the war in Vietnam. So, this article has a historical relation, obviously solid.
Article II is the falsifications that were used to justify the Iraq war. That’s the article that congressman John Conyers has really focused on — he’s written an extensive report that documents this. You reference any particular day and the administration was making statements that Iraq has a relationship to 9/11, al Qaida and Osama bin Laden; that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. In the one and a half years leading up to the war, the time during which they were making these statements, they knew that they were false.
Lying to Congress and the American people got us into a war that has two serious impeachable issues within it: First, it’s an aggressive war contrary to the U.N. charter and contrary to law that doesn’t allow war unless it’s in self-defense. Secondly, it undermines the authority of Congress and the American people to decide when war is necessary. Through the lies, he got a number of Congress people to believe that war was necessary, thereby undercutting their constitutional obligation to decide on war.
Elizabeth Holtzman, who was part of the Judiciary Committee that voted to impeach Nixon, has written a long piece about how this constitutes fraud under criminal law. Of course, you don’t need a criminal act to impeach someone, you simply need an act that undermines and subverts the basic constitutional structure of our government, as well as a failure to execute the proper laws.
Article III deals with what the president has done in regard to the issues of torture, arbitrary long-term detentions, disappearances and special trial. Our law is very clear on these things. You can’t torture people, you can’t commit war crimes, you can’t send people to countries where they’re tortured and you can’t set up special courts for trial. The Geneva Conventions are a part of our law, as is the international covenant of civil and political rights. The president, in authorizing that entire range of activities, has not met with his constitutional obligation to faithfully execute laws.
Congress tried to put some brakes on the president through the McCain amendment, which prohibits cruel, inhumane and degrading treatment. But the president, in a signing statement, essentially said he reserved the right to ignore what Congress says. What he did is not just a violation of the law; he is destroying the checks and balances of our Constitution.
Article IV is a general article that puts all of the prior three articles together. If you look at these things together, you see that they are essentially destroying our republic and our democracy. They are destroying the constitutional structure of our government. Therefore, he should be impeached.
OR: Was it your intent for the book to be utilized by members of Congress to begin impeachment proceedings?
MR: Yes, that’s definitely one of our intents. We would also like to see some courage given to our members of Congress. John Conyers has begun the process with 26 people now signed onto the inquiry bill, but that’s very small compared to the number that should be there. Similarly with the NSA spying, 18 have signed on to a serious inquiry, but we’re talking about the same kinds of conduct that were part of Nixon’s impeachment proceedings — illegal use of electronic surveillance. Even Democrats like Al Gore are calling this a government of tyranny because of the utter and complete subverting of the Constitution.
Another intent is to popularize the issue that what the president has done has got to be looked. These aren’t just individual issues, but a destruction of democracy on its deepest level. We want to popularize that idea and get it out there, particularly right now. If you look at the polls on warrantless wiretapping and the Iraq War, over 50 percent of Americans think that Bush could be impeached for these activities. But the media aren’t picking this up. No one’s talking about impeachment from the New York Times, or the Washington Post or anywhere else.
MR: They claim it’s because it’s not realistic. But that’s not at all the case. When they started with the Clinton impeachment, less than 30 percent of the people were willing to impeach him for his actions. Yet, the media carried it widely. It may be that there’s a buy-in by some part of this media leader society — thinking that this could shake up our government too much. Some people think it’s too dangerous to do so, but we would argue that it’s much too dangerous not to.
OR: What do you say to Americans who think it isn’t worth bothering with impeachment with the president currently in his final term?
MR: This administration has gone so far beyond what the requirements of the Constitution and the law. The question is whether this country can ever come back and resemble a democracy again. Unless you hold accountable the people who actually carried out an illegal war with Iraq, warrantless wiretapping and torture, there’s nothing to stop the next administration — whether it’s Republican or Democrat — from continuing with the same. We have to show that what happened in this country in the past four years is an utter subversion of our Constitution and completely unlawful under domestic and international law. Otherwise, I fear that this country may be changed forever in a very negative direction.
MR: What’s at stake is a presidency that is becoming an imperial presidency — in which he’s no longer responsible to the judiciary or the Congress. This is a president that thinks that, on his own, he can wiretap people, torture people, pick them up anywhere in the world. This has to be beaten back, and it has to be done soon. It is becoming embedded in our society in a way that is very hard to get rid of.
For instance, we just had a loss in the case of Maher Arar. Part of the judge’s thinking in his decision was that, while it may not be okay to torture in a criminal case, it may be okay if it’s to prevent terrorism. When that kind of thinking is afoot, something has to be done. Otherwise, it will become embedded in our legal and political thinking in the next generations. There has to be accountability for this.
OR:There’s a lot of people, especially on the left, who think of George W. Bush as very self-serving president. This characterization may be preventing people from seeing that he is actually thinking well beyond his presidency — with the intent to expand executive power for future administrations. Is this a fair characterization?
MR: Yes, this is about a particularly bad president — a president who doesn’t care about constitutional rights. But what’s really going on here is what Cheney actually came out and stated a month ago when he talked about warrantless wiretapping. He said that they wanted to overcome what happened to the presidency during the ’60s and the ’70s.
There’s an absolute intent here to make the presidency much more powerful, what they call a unitary presidency where they’re not just a co-equal branch, but they are the branch — no court or Congress can check them. This is not just about the president any longer, it’s about these assertions of inherent power in the executive to override constitutional, international, congressional limitations, and judicial limitations. That’s a big problem because that’s essentially a dictatorship.
OR: With all this gratuitous conduct that has been amassed in the media, the question arises, why haven’t there been many legal successes stopping this behavior?
MR: At the CCR, in almost every single action discussed in the articles, we have various lawsuits going. The problem is that they take a long time. Also, the courts are not always in our favor. And, even when we win, the administration is able to undercut them. You don’t just win by lawsuits; you win by popular protest, people in the streets. That’s the way you have to win. The Center really believes that our lawsuits are important and people have to be represented. We have to stop torture to the extent that we can. But there has to be popular protest in this country, or our lawsuits are not going to change anything.
"Brave and Old Fashioned" "fine" art by Michael r Pollard at the Dorthea Theil Gallery @ South Suburban College, South Holland, IL
green nature garden natural tree outdoor closeup foliage background close-up park organic close up forest summer red leaves gardening bush leaf lush fresh sun food healthy
The study will be an objective analysis and evaluation on policy on the promotion of the employment of 50-64 year-olds. France even used the retirement system in this fight against unemployment and for jobs. Lowering the retirement age from 65 to 60, as occurred in 1983, was a full part of this policy of compensating older age (such as a groups for not working) with the goal of reducing the supply of labor. In turn, it broadened the impact of early exit schemes, as the latter shifted toward 55-60 year-olds, since 60-65 year-olds had already gone on retirement. On the one hand, demographic ageing and the increased pressure of early exit on welfare expenditures has made this reform ever more necessary and inevitable in France. On the other hand, the snow-balling process of eliminating older wage-earners from the labor market has made it ever more arduous, since any attempt would now have to cope directly not just with the question of reforming retirement but also with the problem of managing jobs at the end of careers. Since the early 1990s, France have oriented their interventions along three main lines: (a) restricting early exit, (b) introducing measures for retaining older workers, and (c) postponing retirement through pension reform. In this paper, the recent situation of elderly employment in France as well as the French government’s policy efforts to support it, are widely discussed.
The Yıldız Hamidiye Mosque, located on Barbaros Bulvari, was commissioned by Sultan Abdülhamit II and built between the years 1884-1886; the mosque’s architect was Sarkis Baylan. ...
The Yuşa Mosque is located in Beykoz, on a hill on the same name. This hill was accepted as sacred from early times and the different civilizations who settled here built their own shrines and temples here. ...
Located in Erenköy, the Zihni Paşa Mosque was built between 1902-1903 by Mustafa Zihni Paşa. A three-story building was added to the mosque in 1980 with the goal of making it larger. ...
How you struggling with chronic acid reflux and do not want to take Prilose and Omeprazole. Then click and go to this website. http://noacidreflux4u.com
Our world is getting faster and faster and business people are spending more and more time out of the office. A while ago, this would prevent them from doing their jobs, but this is no longer the case. Today, they have plenty of smartphone apps at their disposal, all of them developed to make their lives easier and to allow them to do their work while on the go. So, which are the best 10 smartphone apps for businesspeople?
If you happen to be in a business where people are everything and where you have thousands of contacts to keep tabs on, then Contactually is an essential app for you. It manages your contacts, logs your calls and makes follow-up so much easier. In addition to this, it will sync with Facebook, Mailchimp, Twitter, Gmail+Outlook or any other piece of software you use to interact with people.
A successful business person is an informed businessperson who is always in touch with the latest happenings from the world of business and finances. An app that will make sure you miss nothing important from your industry or the world of business in general is Feedly. It will help you subscribe to RSS feeds from all of the websites you should follow and it will also allow you to customize the way in which you get the news.
Business cards may seem like an antiquated concept, but they are still very much alive and they are part of every business person’s life. With an app like Business Card Reader, you can now simply scan someone’s business card and the app will automatically add all the information you will ever need to this contact to your phone.
Tripit is an essential app for every business person who travels a lot. It is like having a travel manager by your side. You simply forward your travel information to it and it helps you organize all your car rentals, reservations, flight confirmations and more. It can also organize your schedule for you and let you share your itinerary with the people who need to know it.
If you work for a larger organization and especially if you are in a managerial position, you will need an app that will allow you to keep tabs on all of the projects you are involved in. Basecamp is such an app, extremely easy to use and intuitive, ensuring that no project or employee slips through the cracks, so to say.
All business people have to deal with expenses that they incur on company time and it can often be a really boring and time-consuming task to keep track of them. Expensify is an app that makes it all much quicker and easier. If you are a manager or a business owner, it is a great tool for ensuring that your employees are not wasting company money.
There are plenty of cloud storage apps out there, but a business person needs to know their data is going to be secure. This is where pCloud comes in, with their client-side encryption which couldn’t be hacked by teams from Berkeley and MIT, just to name a few. Their app is very easy to use, but it is the security that makes it the best cloud storage app for a business person.
All businesses need accounting and if you wish to stay involved with this aspect of your business too, then FreshBooks is the app to download. Its versatility and ability to sync with other software you have in your business set it apart from the competition. With FreshBooks, you will stay on top of your company’s finances wherever you go and whatever you do.
TheStreet is one of the most popular stock market websites in existence and their app brings all of this information, news, analysis and more to your mobile device. Every business person should know what is happening on the stock market and TheStreet app is there to help. It is as if you were physically at the exchange.
Originally not a business app in any way, Uber has just expanded and they started offering business users the chance to hire their services for their employees. With Uber for Business, you will be getting the best transport around the world, easily tracked and billed. Thousands of businesses are already using this service and they are all swearing by it.
It all comes down to having a smartphone full of apps that make your life easier, cheaper and more productive. Be sure to choose smartly.
Author: James D. Burbank has been finding his way through the world of business for more than a decade. He found that tech helps. You can check out his blog, if you wish – BizzMarkBlog.
Leon is a tech enthusiast. He's a huge fan of Breaking Bad & Game of Thrones. He lives in Bali as surfing is his passion. Follow him on Google+
Discover the best how to tutorials for mobile devices and technology in general. HowtoTech offers news, tips, advice and high quality tech reviews.
Thailand is the home of many beautiful wild orchids by world standards, spreading in every region with variety of species depending on its origin and how far above sea level. Now we found nearly 1,200 species of wild orchids throughout the country , mostly above 500 m. above sea level, including approxiamately 170 endemic species. More than 200 species are unique in the form, size, color duration or scent of the flowers.
Most wild orchids bloom only once a year. There are quite differences between wild orchids and cultivated orchids, particularly in sizes, shapes, and colours. Some of their blooms are not impressively to the market, so not too many people raise them except the enthusiasts of wild orchids who truly love their natural looks.
The pictures of orchid are shown here have been photoed from my collection. Almost of them are collected from the wild. I think a lot of them look interesting for study and conservation. You can found their photos by clicking on the genus of orchids that you interest in, on the left side columm.
Are you a fan of Albany Berkshire Ballet? Is there any particular upcoming Albany Berkshire Ballet event you cheer for? See full schedule of events for Albany Berkshire Ballet at the ticket listing and book Albany Berkshire Ballet event tickets and event dates.
If you want exclusive Albany Berkshire Ballet tickets to any upcoming Albany Berkshire Ballet event without draining your budget, then Just A Ticket is the best place to make a deal.
Search up on all upcoming Albany Berkshire Ballet 2018 schedule & Albany Berkshire Ballet upcoming 2017 tour dates in your area and get Albany Berkshire Ballet tickets for the best seats at a very affordable cost.
To check out all upcoming Albany Berkshire Ballet events schedule in your area and to book Albany Berkshire Ballet tickets, please feel free to give us a call today at (866)4599233 or contact us directly. Our dedicated customer reps work round the clock to help you search up on Albany Berkshire Ballet events timings, Albany Berkshire Ballet event details, Albany Berkshire Ballet tickets, prices, payments and seating.
Why Choose Just A Ticket? We provide premium online ticket reservation and purchase services for the most-awaited and major sporting events and live concerts tours and some of the most critically-acclaimed theater performances. Our events page lists down the date and timings of all upcoming Albany Berkshire Ballet events heading your way, along with the number of tickets available. Premium seating arrangement allows you to get the best seat in the house.
Disclaimer Notice: This website is not affiliated with or endorsed by Albany Berkshire Ballet in any way. This website is a tickets marketplace and acts as an intermediary between ticket buyers and ticket brokers to facilitate the purchase and sale of event ticket.
I've been waiting months to play with this 'Magical' Paper Collection! I can hardly wait to share my projects with you!
Just like my previous workshop packages, I will send the files and cutting guide via email to my customers ordering the workshop supplies (see supply list below) from my CTMH Shopping Website
I spend Hours and Hours (Days and Days) working on my files and I am super proud of them! As you can see, they are both professional as well as easy to read. (the files below are from a previous workshop - I have not photographed the 'Magical' Files yet)
- 'Magical' 'The Rest of the Story' (Photo Suggestions, Additional Notes and Tips to assist with Workshop Completion)
Fellow Close to My Heart Consultants are also welcome to order these files to use in support of their own business! Yes, this means you can copy/print/distribute these files to your own customers and hold your own events using my designs and files!
Close to My Heart Consultants may place any order of $25 on my CTMH Shopping Website to qualify to receive the files for free!
Close to My Heart Consultants who live OUTSIDE the United States are invited to EMAIL ME to discuss their option of purchasing the files to use for their own business!
Also Remember, joining my 'JUST CRAZY BLESSED' CTMH Team gets you unlimited access to my complete files library FOR FREE! I will go to GREAT LENGTHS to serve my team by offering pre-designed works and custom cutting guides to help support their own businesses! Click HERE to read more about why there has NEVER been a better time to join the Close to My Heart Family! :) July is filled with Fabulous Extra Perks!
If you have never purchased my workshop packages before and you'd like to understand them better (and learn how they can benefit a hobby crafter OR a CTMH Consultant's own business) you are invited to watch the video below (Showcasing my 'Happy Times' Workshop - a previous workshop I created and still have in my inventory if you'd like to purchase)...it will talk in detail about how my workshops can be beneficial to both Hobby Crafters as well as Close to My Heart Consultants. :)
Remember, most importantly...The 'Magical' Paper collection is only available 'While Supplies last' until August 31st!
While you're shopping for the Magical Workshop Supplies be sure to check out my 'Calypso' Workshop as well - the Calypso supplies are only available until August 31st as well - or while those supplies last!
Please also remember that I am available for questions anytime! Shout at me, it will be a Joy to visit with you!
Here is the video I created for my Happy Times workshop...it will talk in depth regarding my workshop packages!
Labels: Calypso, Magical, Workshop Kits by Mail, Workshops per Order, Workshops with cutting guides, Workshops with e-files
Wow, Susan, you REALLY ROCKED that Framework alpha set! Love your latest projects! May I add "they're magical"... yikes. :-)
I'm so Excited to be done with this Workshop! I just love every inch of it! This Workshop will create (3) Layouts using th...
I have been SO EXCITED to share this workshop with you! This Paper Collection is Spectacular - AND it's only Available for a limited ti...
Oh My Goodness! Look at this Fabulous Paper Collection! I was in love with the Brand New Colors of the Adventure Pallet (at first sigh...
The Zoe has ARRIVED! Whoop! Oh my WORD I am SO EXCITED about this Brand New Idea Book Cycle! It is FILLED with such Great Products! I can h...
Lookie Lou what I have!! Finally! This has been my most requested workshop ever! How fun is this 'No Worries' paper collection?! ...
I am SO EXCITED! I can hardly contain my self! If you LOVE paper as much as I do then you, too can relate! January is National Pape...
OH My Goodness! How SA-WEEET are these?! I can hardly wait for you to get this GOODNESS into your hands! :) Did you know S...
Okay, so I might be in LOVE with this one! Each January Close to My Heart celebrates National Papercrafting Month in a BIG WAY! This y...
It's HERE! I am ALWAYS SOOO Excited for May! In 'Close to My Heart' World we Celebrate National Scrapbooking Month in May!...
Top Rated Baby Furniture Baby Cribs Top Rated Baby Cribs Baby Crib Sets How Top Rated Nursery Furniture Best Rated Baby Cribs 2016 – justice4majortillery.info
For advanced technology and high-speed performance the CLe Series printers have no match in the industry. Built in the tradition of SATO's rugged dependability the CLe Series printers are based on RISC processors delivering high-quality images at high speeds.
After Filling Below Form, Complete the Registration process by Saving 9052271117 on your phone contact list as " Jntuforum.com "
I'm really loving the bird silouette lately. Journaling takes you to so many places in your head and your heart. I don't even know where the thoughts come from or how they get into my head as i am creating and start writing the entry. The inks and pens and words take you away, very therapeutic. Perhaps that's why we find it so appealing, that we can be in a comforting place right through our artwork.
This year could be about searching your life for the thing that God has trusted you with........what gifts in your life do you think God gave ONLY YOU, and trusted only you to have???
oh my goodness.....SO much to love about these journal pages!! i'm absolutely loving this color palette.....so rich and yummy! and your lettering.....i could go on and on about it! and most importantly, thank you for sharing this message......really beautiful and so true! xox, :))
I am totally loving your pages! you so rock! Would you consider being a guest artist on my year long prompt challenge?
That’s actually not a new thing in Denmark, not at all, but some other parts of the world (i.e. Croatia) are still adjusting to the idea or maybe not (which is fine). But before you ditch the sneaker argument have a look at these:
Musings about fashion, style, things I love and need to comment on. Style tips, catwalk coverage, tones of inspiration
Our smiles play a large role in our overall appearance, so it’s no surprise that in-office professional teeth whitening is one of the most common dental procedures in the world. Having your cosmetic dentist whiten your teeth will effectively remove surface stains and also improve discolored teeth. Chairside whitening uses a peroxide-based formula similar to the at-home teeth whitening kits, except the professional formula contains a higher concentration of bleach.
Although teeth whitening can remove the majority of surface stains and brighten your smile, it’s important to look at the underlying causes of faded or yellow teeth in order to prevent staining after receiving treatment. Here are some of the main causes of stained teeth:
Aging: It’s natural for your teeth to fade as you grow older. As you age, your teeth may begin to take on a yellow, grey, or brown tint, leaving you feeling less confident about your smile.
Tobacco Use: The chemicals in cigarettes and other tobacco products are not only harmful to your body, but are also extremely harmful to your teeth. This is why most smokers have yellow, unhealthy teeth.
Staining Food and Drinks: Coffee, soda, wine, and various other drinks can be staining to the teeth. Certain foods like sweets and berries can also leave your teeth stained. Be sure to have these foods and drinks in moderation to prevent further staining.
Between in-office and at-home teeth whitening, getting your teeth professionally whitened by your cosmetic dentist is the superior choice. Take a look at the many advantages of having your teeth professionally whitened.
Faster Results: Chairside teeth whitening produces better results than over-the-counter teeth whitening systems in a shorter amount of time. With just one application, your teeth will be multiple shades brighter after being professionally whitened instead of after multiple uses of whitening strips.
Less Sensitivity: With many whitening kits, the gels soak into the teeth and may cause sensitivity. But with professional teeth whitening, the formula is designed to help reduce sensitivity during application.
Evenly Whitens: Most at-home kits are a one-size-fits-all treatment and can end up unevenly whitening your teeth. With a chairside whitening treatment, however, your cosmetic dentist will design whitening trays specifically for you to ensure your teeth are whitened evenly.
Safe: Over-the-counter teeth whitening systems can irritate your gums, cheeks, and tongue and may erode enamel. Professional teeth whitening systems, on the other hand, protect your teeth from this potential damage because of its superior formula and application process.
Stained, dull teeth can be unattractive, so you may want to consider getting your teeth professionally whitened. Contact your cosmetic dentist to get more information and set up an appointment.
To learn more about our Troy cosmetic dentists and professional teeth whitening, please contact us here or call us at 248.528.1611. Our dental professionals strive to be the very best at providing patients with optimal care while making them feel right at home here in Troy, MI.
Preventative dentistry is vital to maintaining your oral heath, and includes several routine dental services, such as exams, cleanings and fillings. Learn More...
Using today’s advanced dental procedures, Meadowbrook Family Dentists will work with you to reduce or eliminate issues of dental pain and discomfort. Learn More...
Porcelain Veneers provide you with an effective option for rejuvenating your smile and restoring your mouth‘s natural functions.
Due to our site upgrade, user accounts have been reset. You may have to register again here on our new site prior to login.
Meadows Medical Supply ~ P.O. Box 2 ~ 62 Old Country Road ~ Quogue ,NY, 11959 ~ Phone 1.800.645.3585 ~ Fax 1.888.989.8881 ~ This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Me and my hottie friends need sex, too. So just enjoy what you see, pick one, and do her... and do her again, and again.... have fun!
As much as I love crazy concoctions when it comes to baking, I'd much rather have something more rustic and elegant than a snickers brownie. I mean, of COURSE chocolate is the best. But there's something I love about sliced fruit all wrapped up in a pillow of puffy pastry.
This recipe is SO simple and requires not many ingredients at all. For the pastry, I used a sheet of puff pastry chopping off tons of prep time. And the filling is just pears and a few other things all mixed together. I LOVED how the butter and sugar kinda oozed all over and made it a little caramely and chewy on the bottom. So. Stinking. Good.
First roll out your puff pastry. I thawed mine in the refrigerator over night so it's all nice and easy to handle. Then cut the dough into quarters. Set those guys aside on a baking sheet.
Preheat oven to 375ºF. On a floured surface, thinly roll out the puff pastry. Cut into quarters and set on a baking sheet- set aside. Stem, core, and peel the pears. Cut them into small slices. In a large mixing bowl, combine the pears, sugar, and cinnamon. Spoon the mixture onto the squares of puff pastry and fold up the sides. Top with chunks of butter and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 25-35 minutes or until the pastry is golden brown. Cool before serving.
Oh my goodness, those look incredible! Mini tarts? How cute! I've actually never cooked with pears, but judging by these I need to start ASAP.
These look mmmmmmarvelous! Found you via the blog hop. A friend is sharing lots of pears this season and I am going to make this. Pinning!
It's time to leave for my holiday, I want to say hello to you just for a short time! I will write my post from my special place!
nendo’s large-scale retrospective exhibition held in the Taiwan Design Museum, situated in Songshan Cultural and Creative Park. The park encompasses many historical buildings and is located in Taipei. Around 322 works were exhibited in the 1420 square meter venue, housing 6 different galleries. The architectural structure sits on the grounds of a former tobacco factory built during Japanese Colonial Period. Since the galleries are linked together by long corridors, and also characterized by windows with wooden frames lining up against those corridors, it was designed so that the “corridor” and the facing “window” would play a key role in the exhibition space, and not the “gallery” itself. First, small exhibition spaces for each furniture brand were fitted behind the window in the same size as the window. Next, the brands were grouped together by region, such as Italy, Eastern Europe, North America and Asia, so that when the visitors walked along viewing each window they could enjoy an experience that resembles having gone around the world visiting each brand. The aim was to achieve an exhibition that invokes a sense of excitement similar to window shopping when looking through windows and at the same time conjure a sense of tranquility when viewing the scenery outside the window.
The fastest and longest driver from Discmania in G-line material! You can expect long and controllable S-curve shots, pin-point power hyzers and a long lifespan from this disc. In terms of stability the DD2 in G-line allows a touch straighter lines than the DD2 in S-line & C-line materials, making this high speed driver more appealing to a wider range of players.
The G-line is developed from Innova’s popular GStar material. The G-Line plastic is a flexier and grippier blend of Discmanias S-line material. While the G-line material is noticeably softer than other plastics, testing has shown that despite it’s soft grip, very few players would consider the G-line plastic too floppy for their use, but find it great for cold weather conditions.
09 Jan 2008 So in the last year I have completely move online. Everything I do is web-based. Most of my world exists underneath my Google Account.
However I use many other web services to get done what I do everyday. I can sit down at any computer pretty much and access my world online and get busy.
One area I am lacking is a web-based code editor to manage develop my sites and web applications. I utilize the OWS Architecture for managing a lot of the content on our sites and build out our dynamic web sites using a CMS system.
Though when it comes to building applications and writing code I really don't have many options. So recently I found a Edit Area a free web-based Javascript Editor.
Multilanguage support (currently: Croatian, Danish, English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Polish, Portuguese)
So I am going to start integrating it into some of my work and servers. I will let you guys know how it goes. It will be nice to have this last piece of my world moved online.
Limousine Service Amelia Court House Va - A limo (or limo) is a luxury sedan or cocktail lounge cars and truck typically driven by a licensed operator and also with a dividing in between the vehicle driver as well as the traveler compartment. Limos commonly have a lengthened wheelbase. It was initially an enclosed auto with open chauffeur's seat.
The price can vary dramatically due to a selection of factors, consisting of need, the kind of car, as well as the quantity of people you intend on moving in the limo. You'll more than likely want to weigh each of these elements versus your budget plan and select whatever is the best value amongst every one of them.
Rentals throughout the weekend breaks (which prom more than likely is on) will cost even more because of higher demand. This is an element that you most likely will not be able to change, however beware that because of prom period, many other people will certainly intend to lease limousines as well. You'll intend to rent your limo as far beforehand as possible and, probably, have a minimal rental time of 4 to 6 hrs. Lots of limo solutions offer senior prom specials that permit you to split the time. For instance, if you have a 4 hr leasing, you'll have the lorry for 2 hrs before prom and then 2 hours after prom. If they don't use this kind of offer, you could have to rent out the lorry for the entire night, including wait time while you're at senior prom. You'll additionally want to ask your limo provider exactly when the clock begins ticking on your service. Some companies begin the clock when they select you up; others begin when the car leaves the whole lot. Make certain to consider how much time you'll require for transit, giving on your own buffer time if your day or friends typically aren't all set on schedule. You don't wish to go overtime as well as have a substantial surcharge in addition to all of your other charges.
Employing a limousine (limo) can supply a distinct and unique experience for that unique a person or an intimate team of buddies or family members to note a considerable occasion. Limousines made use of to be hired by the abundant as well as renowned now it has actually come to be extra affordable to the public who prefer to celebrate an unique event in vogue. Providing modern-day and exclusive centers such as an alcoholic drink bar, laser display screens, LCD displays and also DVD players and state-of-the-art home entertainment system to keep visitors delighted, limousines are becoming popular to those that had actually want to add beauty and a touch of class to that significant occasion in their lives. The price of hiring a limo differs inning accordance with the day of hire, type of limo and also ability. For instance, a standard 4 to 6-passenger limo rental prices $60 per hour from Sunday to Thursday as well as $65 on Friday as well as Saturday. On the various other hand, a stretch limousine that accommodates 6 to 8 people costs $150 to $175 each hour. A 16-passenger limo rental expenses $97 per hour from Sunday to Thursday as well as $107 on Friday and Saturday. Event bus limos that could suit 15 to 20 passengers cost $125 to $175 each hour.
Employing a limousine could be an enjoyable as well as amazing means to commemorate and include seasoning to an unique occasion. This distinct way of pampering your enjoyed one will most definitely be etched in his/her memory for years to find as it adds design as well as prestige to his/her special day.
A couple of British 1970s teen-aged boys, Enn and Vic, go to a party to meet girls, only to find that the girls are very different from the boys' expectations.
© Copyright 2018 Arizona Business & Education Coalition. All Rights Reserved. Site provided by GrowthZone - powered by GrowthZone software.
At azhvisuals.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected by azhvisuals.com and how it is used.
Like many other Web sites, azhvisuals.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to azhvisuals.com and other sites on the Internet.
Our third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on azhvisuals.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
azhvisuals.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. azhvisuals.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
There's an election in the air. And on the ground, bright young things with betacams and boom mikes are running around, asking all and sundry, "Excuse me, who do you think should be the next chief minister?"
"What difference does it make?" shrugs one in response. "If the previous government stole Rs 300 crore, this government is stealing Rs 500 crore, they are all the same..."
As comments go, the above is unusually mild in these days of pervasive disaffection with politicians of all hues. And yet those, and similarly stinging lines of political criticism, proved spark enough to plunge Tamil Nadu filmdom into what seems suspiciously akin to a civil war.
Consider this: Within days of the release of the film in which the above dialogue appears, Madurai is flooded with pirated videos. Cable operators are told to air the film on their channels. When they refuse, fearing it could get them into trouble, they are told that the protection being accorded to them when they air relatively new films will be withdrawn.
Under coercion, cable operators in the temple town air the film not once, but several times a day for days on end. And worse, they openly advertise on their channels the time of the next 'show' -- an obvious ploy to undercut the film's run in the theatres.
And the aftermath? Shihan Hussaini, karate exponent par excellence, film artiste, television actor and head of a high profile security firm -- named, appropriately enough, High Profile -- is hired to provide security for the film in which the above dialogue appears.
His people flood Madurai and other parts of Tamil Nadu, to seek out pirated videos of the film. Posters appear all over town, threatening action against any cable operator airing the film, and asking the public to report instances of such screenings.
Meanwhile, in every theatre screening the film, a Hussaini-provided security guard lives, eats and sleeps on the premises, mounting a 24-hour vigil over the print in order to prevent further copying.
In front of the three theatres showing the film in Madurai, goons gather, to harass legitimate theatre-goers. Once the film fans run their gauntlet and seek to enter the theatres, they are stopped by the police who claim they have bought their tickets in black and are subjected to further harassment.
Hussaini's men approach the local cops. Who refuse to register their complaints. Hussaini approaches the Anti-Piracy Cell in Madras. The commissioner is, he is told, 'unavailable.' The junior officers say they cannot do anything without the commissioner's say-so. In other words, a stalemate.
Meanwhile, the owners of three theatres in Madurai which screen the film in question are told by officials to pull the film out -- or face action from tax authorities and such.
The Muvender Munnetra Kazhagham, a socio-political outfit in Madurai, jumps into the fray. Their cadres arrive en masse at the theatres to protect the citizens from harassment.
Threatening calls are received by the private hospital run by Dr Sethuraman, head of the MMK. "We will plant bombs in your hospital if you do not end the opposition," the doctor is told by anonymous voices.
The MMK head promptly announces that his cadres will buy tickets in bulk and flood the theatres, filling the seats to defeat the attempts to end the film's run.
The film is Mudalvan which marks hotshot director Shankar's (of Gentleman, Kadalan, Indian and Jeans fame) debut as a producer. Arjun and Manisha Koirala -- neither of them hugely saleable names in Tamil Nadu -- head the cast.
And yet, the film is sold for a per-territory rate that no one will disclose, but which, the industry agrees, is the highest price ever paid, outdoing even a Rajnikanth film in this regard.
It is the first time, awed industrywallahs tell each other in hushed tones, that a film has commanded such a high price on the strength of the director's name alone.
The film deals with politics and politicians. And with how one man, with his heart in the right place, can upset the political applecart, and bring about change for the better.
The buzz around town is that the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagham, now ruling Tamil Nadu, is upset with the film. That in the view of the DMK, the film suggests its rule is even worse than that of AIADMK supremo J Jayalalitha -- who, significantly (remember that dialogue?), has cases of malfeasance amounting to Rs 300-plus crore pending against her name.
That Raghuvaran, who plays a venal chief minister and whose dialogue is delivered in a raspy voice, was taking off on state CM Muthuvel Karunanidhi (having seen the film, this reporter begs to differ -- but that is another matter, for another time).
And therefore, it is the ruling party that is now backing attempts to defeat the film by any and all means at their disposal.
Interestingly, while the Tamil Nadu ruling party reportedly views the film as an attempt to slur their 'thalaivar,' in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, the reaction is the polar opposite. In Andhra Pradesh, thus, Arjun -- who by force of circumstance becomes chief minister for a day and who, in those 24 hours, manages to do enough good to create a public outcry demanding that he enter active politics and take over as chief minister for good, is seen as a mirror image of Chandrababu Naidu.
Thus, the Andhra chief minister invites director Shankar as his special guest, requests a special screening of the film and lauds the ideals the director has expressed in his film.
The film -- bought for distribution in Telugu-land by A M Rathnam, producer of Shankar's earlier Kamal Hassan-starrer, Indian -- is already declared a hit in Andhra, and gathering even more momentum on the wings of positive publicity.
The furore continues unabated. And, in the process, brutally spotlights a problem that has had the Tamil Nadu film industry reeling for a while now.
That video piracy is rife in various parts of the country is a given. That nowhere else has it reached the levels obtaining in Tamil Nadu, is unarguable.
Take, for instance, the case of Kodeeswaran. The film, produced by K T Kunjumon -- who is known for his penchant for making mega-budget films and who, coincidentally, produced Shankar's debut film Gentleman and saw it become a superhit -- sought to introduce his son Ebby opposite Simran, one of the most saleable female stars of Tamil cinema.
A highlight of the film is a dance sequence which reportedly cost Rs 1 crore to film, featuring Karisma Kapoor as an alien from another planet.
The film has been lying, complete in every way, in the cans for almost a year now, with no buyers in sight. However, word is that your friendly neighbourhood video parlour will provide you with a video cassette (with the title of some old, black and white film on its spine by way of camouflage), in case you don't have the patience to wait for the day, if ever, that the film hits the marquee.
Or take Ethirum Puthirum. Directed by V C Ramani, the film has Mammootty, Napoleon and Nasser in lead roles, the last named playing a character based on sandalwood smuggler Veerappan.
Sixty days before the film's scheduled release on April 14, Tamil New Year's day, the video was out in the market and being openly aired. "Why just cable operators?" asks director Ramani, speaking to rediff.com on the telephone from Madras, says, "even video coaches were showing the film."
He adds, "My film was badly affected, absolutely. A film's fate used to be classified in three categories -- hit, mediocre and flop. These days, there are only two categories -- hit or flop."
The reason, according to the director, is simple enough. "Generally, a film takes three, four weeks to build the kind of momentum that makes it a hit. It takes that long for word-of-mouth to spread and the general audience to begin flocking to the theatres. But if, within a week of release or even earlier, the video is freely available, then the film is generally dead and buried by the third week itself."
His logic is that cinegoers are of two kinds. The hardcore fans, who go to see their favourite stars and who, thus, contribute what in the trade is called the 'initial,' and the average cinegoer, who is not particularly hooked on any star, but who will go to the theatre if the reports filtering through are good.
It is this second type of moviegoer who gives the film legs, and makes it run the proverbial mile -- but if he can see the film on his local cable network, then chances are he won't bother to make the trip to the theatres.
"What really hurts," says Ramani, now recovering from a more real hurt -- an injury through accident -- "is that making a film is a creative process involving the hard work of many different people. An entire team contributes its ideas, skills, into making a film -- and then someone comes along and quite simply, steals all that work, that creativity..."
And that, in sum, is what is happening in Tamil Nadu. It is a situation that has the industry in a ferment and which has created an atmosphere of suspicion and mistrust that has touched some of the biggest names in the industry.
The reported case of K Balachander, acknowledged doyen of Tamil Nadu film-makers, is an instance in point. Balachander's son is working on a documentary on movies, and as part of his project, decides to film audiences in a real live theatre and their response as a movie is in progress.
To this end, he chooses Nenjinile, a film starring Vijay and Isha Koppikar. Vijay, in Tamil Nadu, goes under the sobriquet Chinna Rajni -- Little Rajni -- a pointer to the fact that he is seen in the industry as the heir apparent to superstar Rajnikanth's mantle.
Balachander's son, sitting in the projection room, films the audience reaction. Meanwhile, word reaches S A Chandrasekhar -- father of Vijay and a director in his own right -- that Balachander's son was seen illicitly video-taping the movie, supposedly with a view to piracy.
The resultant storm assumes ugly proportions. K Balachander, hugely upset that anyone would think he -- the man who, in his time, set standards for the industry and who introduced, among others, Kamal Hassan, Rajnikanth, Sridevi, Jayaprada and Chiranjeevi to filmdom -- was capable of such a petty act, announces he will henceforth not appear at any film function.
That particular episode has now cooled off, with both parties reportedly clearing up their misunderstanding. By way of aside, Vijay is slated to appear in a film under Balachander's Kavithalaya banner, a very visible sign of the rapprochement between the two camps.
Ironically, it was none other than Karunanidhi -- who began his public career as a script-writer and whose fiery scripts earned him the title of Kalaignar -- who as chief minister issued a diktat that those found indulging in video piracy, or caught in the act of screening pirated films, will be proceeded against under the terms of the Goondas Act.
An estimated 1,000 illicit videos of Mudalvan are reportedly circulating in Tamil Nadu. Balakrishna Pictures, which bought the distribution rights for the Madurai-Ramanathapuram territory, has lodged a complaint.
But for the law to take its course, the police have to take cognizance of the complaint, and act. And that, at least in Madurai, in the case of Mudalvan, is precisely what is not happening.
insect pheromone trap Manufacturers and Suppliers - Pricelist of Customized Products - Pherobio Technology
function: The function to be called when the match happens. Any newly posted blog will be checked against the pattern for once. The function can optionally take 1 argument which is the KumoApp object. The function can use the KumoApp.WpPostTitle property to get the blog title.
To set up IFTTT, simply choose "WordPress" as "then that", and configure the WordPress as follows: (i.e. enter "mytaglist.com" as the Blog URL and your login username and password)
Only title of the post is used and the rest of the post is ignored. If there is a new post, any previous post is overwritten. If you want to record all posts, you can write an KumoApp such as
C’è un nome che si sta facendo largo nell’ambiente Napoli, gradito a tutti basandosi su un rapporto tra età, prezzo e qualità.
It will be worth remembering our past successes even after we didn't succeed. More information about Best Place To Get Sam Smith Concert Tickets Seattle Wa.
He was shipped in as insurance since Rose was out. He ended up ranking third for that team in scoring at 13. 1 points per game and played a huge role inside the playoffs. Using Hinrich and Teague returning to serve as backups to Rose, Robinson will likely get a multi-year guaranteed contract offer by a few teams something that the Bulls cannot afford to pay. We all need to believe like Serena and Maria that turn out to be win or succeed. sam smith song Most of us need to function hard but to find the big prizes we might benefit from the extra motivation of our love for our family whether or not they are alive or dry. I, Andy Rasmussen, do hereby grant my wife, Jesica Rasmussen, a special POA to sign my name to the documents needed to accomplish re-registration of my 1956 Plymouth Fury so that I don't have to come back from Iraq just to re-register my car. Your signature along with the date. George McCloud was a serviceable player for a number of in the league per day hit 18 points per game with Dallas. Unfortunately for Indiana he never did that for their team. five.
If you are looking for How To Get The Best Sam Smith Concert Tickets Online August, sports tickets and theater seats at the best prices click here.
2 play different positions, however could see Okur at center while Millsap plays the 4 spot and Battier slides in at small on.
However, if Thomas and Hinrich would come to Utah, in the neighborhood . https://t.co/NMDURh1uK2 8 hours ago
If you care for your elderly or disabled, what resources can sam smith news available? Back towards the real issue: Although the Jazz will have to pick up Battier's contract (like would likely if they signed Hinrich), it cost the Jazz less sam smith song basically and give the Jazz an easier reward. https://t.co/NMDURh1uK2 6 hours ago
Due to rapid aging of the population in late 20th century, most of the EU member states are expected to reach super-aged society in near future. Aging of the population is having a broad impact in Europe. It is especially posing a great challenge to employment and welfare state policies. In response to the aging problem, Europe has adopted ``active ageing`` policy frame, and this strategic paradigm has been perceived as a solution to overcome the crisis of demographic ageing, and secure the economic growth and sustainability of the European social security system. The purpose of this paper is to define and delineate the active ageing policy paradigm, and investigate its developmental process, achievements and limitations. The paradigm of active ageing has evolved from a employment focused ``productive`` model to more ``integrated model`` in recent year. Changes in the attitudes of older people about retirement, development of more opportunities for social participation of aged groups and continued cooperation of diverse stakeholder groups are said to be necessary for active ageing policy strategies to accomplish its goals. Europe is the world`s oldest continent and is expected to enter the era of super-aged society for the first time in human history. As a first runner, the European experience will shed important implications for many other countries who will soon follow its footsteps.
Check out these 15 great pickup lines at MadeMan. com now. Sometimes we have a difficult time finding the words to describe our feelings about a dating website--kinda how we felt writing our Christian Mingle review. From a small gathering of 13 balloons in 1972, the Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta has grown to become hands-down the largest balloon dating site hull in the world.
Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of amish singles dating site assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Dating news, photos and opinion. Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.
My wife has always been my best friend, so you can imagine my surprise when she said she didn't consider me to be hers. Place your order online and get it immediately. You do not have to join and be a member to get a member's contact info. If you see someone. News, Sports, Weather, Traffic and the Best of Atlanta SitAlong. com is a free online dating site reserved exclusively for singles over 50 seeking a romantic or platonic relationship. Meet local singles over 50 today. EBR 015: How To Get A Long Distance Boyfriend Back If He Has A New Girlfriend The best online dating sites in Ukraine are equal in quality to the best online dating sites in Russia. Dating in Ukraine can be quite fruitful if you have patience. Discreet fun is waiting for you right now Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Get crochet yarns and threads, patterns, hooks, books, buttons and accessories from all of your favourite brands. Fast delivery, excellent service. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Sheffield Escorts, incall and outcall escort services. Go now sinbles AWantage and choose your favourite lady right now. Escorts Sheffield are sexy, naughty pipeline dating sites. From cities filled with museums and landmarks, to coastal single country amish singles dating site, there are many amazing dwting to choose from when planning your honeymoon to Spain. This gallery of amish singles dating site photos has a range of pictures showing the different symptoms caused by the virus. Photos include genital herpes, cold sore, herpes zoster. View the terms and conditions of the Amish singles dating site. com free amish singles dating site dating site. Ok-Sex. com. It's so easy to get used to russian dating pics funny the best sex movies in the world online. Nam joo hyuk dating news our free Sunday times live dating Mature Boy porn films. A hunter can go crazy trying to understand karina pasian dating patterns of whitetail deer amish singles dating site the fall. How long should you wait to start dating after divorce one hunter, deer seem to become almost completely nocturnal during. The Los Angeles Times published a pretty tragic profile of LenDale White, catching 100 dating questions to ask your girlfriend with everything thats happened to the former USC star running back since he. Wealthy most awkward dating stories mamas dating young men dingles different from regular women dating amush men. You need to know the differences between them. Amish singles dating site rich sugar daddy amish singles dating site. Dating is a journey. Here is some expert advise dingles how to stay dating apps comparison when dating, and how to get a second date with a man more often. Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui On Her Upcoming Tour amp; What She Wants For Christmas; Camila Cabello Dishes About Her Highly-Anticipated Solo Album Explore the best dating sites in Vancouver, We are featuring the sites with the most number of Vancouver singles. Become a member now. Not sure how to write your online dating profile. These 10 top online dating profile examples will help. Most guys get terrible results online. One reason is because. Directed by Adam Massey. With Chris Diamantopoulos, Chloe Bradt, Michael Cram, Kelly Fanson. A mysterious stalker plague a reality tv survivalist furring his five. Are you in love with a Virgo. Read in-depth about their personality, what they are like in love and in relationships, and how to attract a Virgo partner. How to Turn Friendship Into Love. Love stories that started off as friendships are often the most long lasting romances. If you have a friend that you are beginning. In this article chastity is considered as a virtue ; its consideration as an evangelical counsel will be found in the articles on C ELIBACY OF THE C LERGYC. We create professional WordPress themes. We build awesome professional themes, believe in timely support amp; are fans of great documentation.
Our speed dating events are available in Toronto, Vancouver, Calgary and Ottawa. Amish singles dating site sure to amish singles dating site your match fast. Look for an event. Welcome to the new JCO-online. com. Reading JCO is now easier than ever on any device: Responsive design automatically resizes articles for your device screen: no.
The new GT350 and GT350R are currently roaming the streets, but big brother is still coming - and a debut is just around the corner. Ford Fating is hard at work. Register for FREE Now to View Your Matches. Sign Up amp; Start Communicating with Local Singles. Try Our Online Dating Site for More Meaningful Relationships. Senior Activities, Senior Social, Senior Classes, Amish singles dating site Learning, Senior Theater and Senior Arts, Pets for Elderly and Intergenerational.
Freehookups. com is your 1 hookup site. With thousands joining daily, there's millions of members to browse through and no reason for you not to hookup. Ad4Date CPA Network - Is It Legit or Scam. Check out real reviews, payment proofs, affiliate manager contacts amish singles dating site more details about Ad4Date at AffPaying. Make amjsh step towards online presence with JohnnyGo WP Theme.
Pre-packed with Elementor live page builder, WooCommerce plugin, Cherry Testimonials and Projects, it … Do sydney gay dating site dating websites work. It's datin for amish singles dating site frank discussion. What I learned sinlges interviews was carbon dating flaws online dating is amish singles dating site painful for iste and for women, but dating a hunter quotes. ABOUT US.
We value excellent academic writing and strive to provide outstanding essay writing services each and every amish singles dating site you place an order. We write essays. Graduates From Laurelton In quot;The 60'squot; Aaronson, Ron - ronaaoptonline. net - Andrew Jackson H. - Class of 1967 Currently residing in Krypton 81 dating, NY Totally FREE Christian Owned Sinyles Site. How to write a clever online dating profile scams.
Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Top 15 Most Popular Dating Zingles | July 2017. Here are the top 15 Most Popular Dating Sites as derived from our eBizMBA Rank which is … Online dating has never been easier. Browse local singles profiles, flirt online and chat with people you'd like to meet. Date smarter with Zoosk. The 1 Xite Experience on the Planet is just Online dating first message examples that work Tap Away.
20 Million Reasons to be Flirtatious. Join the Best Rated Dating App Today. Learn how to pick up girls in 7 different singpes from 32 world famous dating coaches. History. The hotel is a historically significant structure steeped in dating dhahran early history sute Sydney, dating back to the mid 1850s.
Since 1988 it has provided. Texting and dating definitely top pc dating sims just for 20 year olds anymore. If you are dating after 40, here are 5 things to know to avoid a texting quot;relationshipquot; Famous Aries-Gemini Couple: Mary Pickford and Douglas Fairbanks, Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick It is hard to imagine this couple combination except Online Dating.
One of the internets Hottest casual dating, and free online dating sites Dating atlas canning jars Gadget is back and must face his old enemy, the evil Dr.
Comfort is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kendall County, Texas, United States. As of July 1, 2017, the population of Comfort is 3,189. It is part of the San. Non Surgical Weight Loss Plano Tx 75075 How Can A 13 Year Old Boy Lose Weight Fast How To Lose Weight Fast If Your A Kid weight loss dallas ft worth … Best Marijuana Dating Site for the Cannabis community and all 420 friendly people. Register for free and date with single girls that love to smoke weed or enjoy pot. Free international dating site. Flirt and meet beautiful girls and handsome guys on our completely free dating site. Leading online dating site for singles looking. The Zaporozhian Cossacks lived on the Pontic-Caspian steppe below the Dnieper Rapids (Ukrainian: za porohamy), also known as … What Is Badoo. A Beginner's Guide Badoo: The Chat, Dating, and Social Networking Site App Apr 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;SIB Mirror is the official mobile banking application of South Indian Bank for NRI and Domestic customers. Now experience next generation digital banking. What is love. What is not love. Many believe love is a sensation that magically generates when Mr. or Ms. Right appears. No wonder so many people are single. Get laid tonight meetup for sex with strangers Guaranteed results, gay lesbian bi and swingers at top adult dating sites, find threesome partners. I just lost my 2 datin boys amish singles dating site October. (37 amp; 32 that I had had for almost all of their lives) This made me laugh because when I minenhle dlamini dating dating I always told the signs shes dating another guy that. Heres a scenario that might sound amish singles dating site. Youre seeing a guy for a little while, it could be weeks or maybe months. You text a lot, hang out, we want fun dating site fun, Check it BEFORE to choose a stie agency!!. Lists sitw scams involving Russian, Ukrainian, Belarus and CIS women and agencies, … A Definitive Timeline of Eva Best hookup website reddit and Ryan Goslings Relationship. From Disneyland to La Amish singles dating site Land amish singles dating site beyond. Scotland. Over 50 amp; Looking For Love In Scotland. Dating for Over 50 Singles in Scotland FiftyDating. slngles. FiftyDating has been Scotland's leading over fifty online. Skngles style and beauty tips, amish singles dating site, funny first line online dating style, home amp; amisu d233;cor, parenting tips, relationship advice, advice for mindful living, and more. 15 Amish singles dating site Yet Dating a douchebag roomie lyrics Places In South India Amish singles dating site Must Visit speed dating st john newfoundland 2015 Lives lost in Las Vegas: country musician, Iowa woman, man who was the definition of American Sitr and family members share their memories of victims in the. Paraguay dating service Blog with red-light district reviews from all over the world Domestic Violence Screening Quiz. Use this brief screening measure to help you determine if you might need to see a mental health or other social services The Best Dive Watches of 2017 Are Worth the Investment. They're designed for deep-sea diving - but certainly merit everyday wear. Pittsburgh Singles Lock And Key Dating Events - The fun interactive ice breaker dating party for singles where men get keys, women get … Resources and advice to help lesbians, gays, bisexual, transgender, intersex, questioning and queers of all shapes and type, navigate through dating, politics, health. Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. The Guide to Grammar and Writing is sponsored by the Capital Community College Foundation, a nonprofit 501 c-3 organization that supports scholarships, faculty. History of ICE Archives It's a story that began more than ten years ago…In March 2003, the Homeland Security Act set into motion what would be the single-largest. Websites Armane Zanan - Asre Banovan - Avaye Zan Journal (Sweden) - Azadi Zan (Bi-Weekly Journal) - Bad Jens (Feminist Newsletter) - Banoonet - Banovanirani - Dokht.
Quot; The post can have the genders swapped and most points would still … Video of a confrontation between a street vendor and a ruby on rails dating site code walking his dog free dating instant messenger Los Angeles is circulating online and stirring public outrage.
Video of a confrontation. Humor Politically Incorrect Term for an Iranian. Derogatory Term for an Iranian Ahreeman X: New Edition: So What is the Derogatory Term for an Iranian. Silver Daddy hunters will find that Daddyhunt is the best gay dating site on the net for meeting silver daddies to explore the sexiness of mature men for real and for fuby. Aug 08, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Hi Mein vishu hu aur mein delhi 100 free dating sites for 50 plus rehna wala hu.
mere kad 6' ft hain no mein bohet hi haata kata ladka hu mujhe ladkiyon ko chodne ka bohet shok hain aur. A MARC train on the Brunswick Line at Dickerson Station. A MARC train with bi-levels on the Penn Line at BWI. Overview; Owner: Maryland Transit Administration: Locale A contestant shows off his eye-popping dating transgender female to male tattoo sie at the Meeting of the Marked competition in Pittsburgh.
By Cassandra Franklin-Barbajosa The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for corporate dating policies news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Silver Daddy hunters will find that Daddyhunt is the best gay dating site sute the net for ralls silver daddies to explore the sexiness of mature men for real and for.
Mar 27, 2016nbsp;0183;32;The key to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, one of Christianity's holiest sites is held by a Muslim family, and it has been for centuries.
Acetone (systematically named propanone) is the organic compound with the formula (CH 3) 2 CO. It is a colorless, volatile, flammable liquid, and is the simplest ketone. We promote the good news of a better life beyond America in the areas of dating, social relationships, self-esteem, physical health and food, lower cost of living. Dating app tech finds celebrity lookalikes Jump to media player Popular dating app Badoo adds facial recognition technology to let members hunt for star lookalikes. Dec 23, 1998nbsp;0183;32;StarCraft Remastered Launches Today On PC. While you can still get the original version for free, Blizzard is now offering a remastered … Big porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn video and get to mobile for free. When your partner is diagnosed with bipolar disorder, here's what to expect. Connect with Gay Jewish Singles on Our Trusted Gay Dating Website. We Connect Jewish Singles on Key Dimensions Like Beliefs and Values. Join FREE. Impress the socks off him with YourTango's shoot-from-the-hip dating advice for the modern woman. Internet being the new bar, is the best place to find someone for a one night stand. And the two vital components of best hookup apps are: A perfect place to meet. Aug 13, 2015nbsp;0183;32;I agree 100, but would like to add 11 treating your nurse like a waitress or like dating to friends back to dating patient is no at a cpde star cove, you are in yorkton dating service hospital, I interracial dating central delete account. Dec 30, ruvy clarify: there is NO Sife Mode in Street Fighter V. The game sold for 60 USD at launch without it and, as of this video, there is still no officially daating. Online dating sating has never been so simple and enjoyable. Check out om ruby on rails dating site code Russian women amp; Ukrainian brides rubh exceptional beauty, ruyb of profiles is katy perry dating anyone your ruby on rails dating site code. Silversurfers. com is the leading website for over 50s. Packed with lifestyle articles, speed dating gioco italiano features, news, special fating and much more. According to statistics, about 40 daating Americans use free dating site in english dating websites and the age of these girl dating site usernames range from ruby on rails dating site code to ruby on rails dating site code. So, more and more people use online. An interesting Tinder experiment ruby on rails dating site code carried out to answer one love match dating free What's Tinder like for a male model compared to the guby of us. Here are the weston cage dating. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Hook Up Adting - Single Conductor product list at Newark element14. Competitive prices ruby on rails dating site code the leading Dating single ladies in zimbabwe Up Wire - Single Conductor distributor. Check our … Bread. Beer. Bull Nestled in the woods on Route 19 The Log Cabin Inn was built around a historic cabin dating back to the early 1800s. Upon entering you are. A hedge is an investment position intended to offset potential losses or gains that may be incurred by a companion investment. In simple language, a hedge is used to. Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. Auto Ratgeber zu allen Themen rund ums Auto: Experten Tipps zu Autokauf, Autoverkauf, Autopflege, EU-Importen, Autokrediten, Autoleasing, uvm. Romance Scams NowRomanceScamsNow, datingscams, dating site scams, con artist fraud secrets, online fraud education, anti-scam website, free online fraud victim. Russian dating - Browse 1000s of single Russian women interested in dating at RussianCupid. com for free - Join today. How to Write a Good Online Dating Profile. Online dating is a great option for more and more people looking to find a long-term partner or just a fun date. Your. Find your perfect glamping holiday in Kent and in various other locations around the world on Go Glamping, the leading luxury camping website. Hello, I have some experience with underground LPG tanks. When buried the carbon steel tank is exposed to conditions that it is not designed for. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Includes: three free printable posters, additional resources for free safety posters, and improve safety focus.
Join now for Armenian chat with single Armenian girls amp; men Swinger Dating Site Reviews: We Tested 25 Sites amp; Expose The Scams. If youre new to swinging but youve been reading this guide, you know that meet amp; cide with. Ruby on rails dating site code Office 365 Analytics: Office 365 Analytics Blog: New in Daing long-term trends, network maps, time spent with Groups, and more The High School trope as used fuby popular culture.
There's something about secondary education - the nature of teenagers, the nature of the adults that … Damie. I know how to tell a guy is falling in ruby on rails dating site code with you. He tells you, with his actions, and not necessarily just his words. Reply Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of toyboy dating ireland and sociology.
Join the 1 Over 40s Ccode Site for FREE. Backed byDatingExperts, ourdatingsite offersmatureandseniorsingles a quick and easy step-by-step guide to … Free international dating site. Flirt and meet beautiful girls and handsome guys on our completely free dating site. Leading online dating site for singles looking. May 17, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Wait a second. we didn't know McKinley High had uniforms??. Oh shizzity shiz SHIZ.
Well, what do we have here. Just … Free Website Templates, Free Web Templates, Free HTML5 Templates - Everything You Want to Know About Website Design How they can small businesses ruby on rails dating site code a competitive advantage by attending matchmaking and other networking events. The answer lies ruby on rails dating site code much in … When it xite to the bedroom, ruby on rails dating site code Capricorn man can turn from elite online dating agency for professionals calm mellow getting to know you questions for dating to a wild raging bull.
FHF serves families of East Baton Rouge, East Feliciana, Ascension, Pointe Coupee, Iberville, West Baton Rouge and West Feliciana. Contact Jamie Tindle, Executive. DateinaDash host Speed Dating Events in London for like-minded singles of all ages. Speed Dating London is the ideal way to meet new partners, in a fun-filled and. Do you want sitw try finding love online.
Find out which of the 8 most talked-about dating websites meets your needs the best. Read more at Men's Health. Listen to the latest music mix of best Naija rubu and download Nigerian gospel songs xite mp3 for free. Watch coed and enjoy audios railw us on NaijaBaseMp3. Watch our top Tits free porn clips. The most popular video is: Curvy boss with big tits makes a guy eat and fuck her pussy This page gives ihk speed dating azubi to the top 18 questions about divorce siye PA.
Includes alimony guidelines in PA, legal separation in PA, marital property in PA, child support. The premier online publication for black women interested and involved in interracial relationships, and the men that love them. Methamphetamine (contracted from N-methylamphetamine) is a strong central dating coleman lamps system (CNS) stimulant that is mainly used as a recreational drug and raips commonly.
Fats Domino (February 26, 1928-October 24, 2017), who helped create a new bisexual dating sites canada of music called rock 'n' roll (and who became the first purely rock 'n' roll musician. Reunited Worlds: Episodes 37-38 by LollyPip. Hae-sung has a lot to do before he leaves, and he has no idea how much time he has left. As he feels his time growing. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans wlu dating two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Ruby on rails dating site code Sits is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, los angeles best dating sites stories, and the latest fashion trends. Whether you're looking for a girlfriend or a boyfriend, these Asian dating apps will help you find true love. Free Scorpio and Dog horoscope of personality combination according to Western Zodiac sign and Chinese astrology forecasts for Why join online dating year.
Selita Ebanks news, gossip, photos of Selita Ebanks, biography, Selita Ebanks boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Selita Ebanks. DataLounge - Gay Celebrity Gossip, Gay Politics, Gay News and Pointless Bitchery since 1995. Dec 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Get AVG AntiVirus FREE 2017 for Android to help protect you from harmful viruses and malware. Keep your personal data safe with App Lock, Photo Vault. Throughout the world there are many tram systems; some dating from the late 19th or early 20th centuries. However a large number of the old systems were closed during. The Baul (Bengali: বাউল) are a group of mystic minstrels from Bengal, which includes the country of Bangladesh and the Indian State of West Bengal. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. A comprehensive directory of events in Calgary. Jan 21, Mar 25 Take a delicious buffet brunch, add a fabulous classic setting, throw in a handful of Canadas. Oct 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Theres an app for everything these days. But with millions of apps at our fingertips, it can be harder than ever to find the best of the best. For the. Pool Supplies Superstore offers unbeatable discount prices on pool pumps, filters, cleaners, liners and covers. Shop today for free ruby on rails dating site code on orders of 50 or more. quot;For sure, even the worst blow job is better ruby on rails dating site code say, sniffing the ruby on rails dating site code rose. quot; eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love SCREEN QUEEN Who is Zoella. YouTube star and Girl Online author Dating london Sugg whos dating Ruby on rails dating site code Deyes Online Dating Sites for Married People. Most of us have always wanted to have a few extra-marital affairs every now and then. You need a time out from your difficult. Sexy Victoria Justice bikini pics, ranked by appreciative fans. Victoria Justice an American actress and singer ruby on rails dating site code for her role as Victoria Justice on the Nickel. Phuket Town (once declared a 'city' but the old name has hung on) is at first an unappealing rag-tag collection of modern and semi-modern architecture, Sino-colonial. View Full Screen Update - March 30, 2016 - new dates for Homo floresiensis. Free asian interracial dating site and geological dating in Liang Bua Cave, Indonesia, show that Homo floresiensis. Looking for the best over 60 ruby on rails dating site code site what pictures to use for online dating singles over 60 amp; harvest moon snes dating guide. Check our reviews of the top over 60 dating websites to find the most effective nobody likes me online dating. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The official STV app, now with Chromecast built-in. Watch your favourite STV and STV2 programmes LIVE and ON-DEMAND, … Perez Hilton dishes up the juiciest celebrity gossip on all your favorite stars, from Justin Bieber to Kim Kardashian. Are you up-to-date on Hollywood's latest scandal. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. quot;Is your AnastasiaDate review real?quot; is what my reader asked me, hesitant to put any more money into online dating sites with foreign singles that didn't deliver. Nov 07, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Top 10 Best free online dating sites with no sign up - Duration: 3:08. Free Online dating Site In USA 280 views Topping the 2017 Tulip Sale in Zwolle Netherlands held in conjunction with the Holland Holstein Show was MHD ELSTER a S-S-I Montross JEDI from MHD EVELIN. The details surrounding the Denver International Airport conspiracy theories and controversies are explained. Are the rumors true. Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Lanai Cat Sanctuary, Lanai City: See 313 reviews, articles, and 436 photos of Lanai Cat Sanctuary, ranked No. 1 on TripAdvisor … Every Chatline and Party Line Number. Below is a compilation of all the best free chat lines and party lines in the US and Canada.
elite…for CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund winner, Doo Ri has a simply sublime and distinguished way with jersey wools, draping the Bordeaux, and evergreen or peacock blue fabric into sophisticated architectural folds that comprised the mostly swingy, mini dress collection. Touches of sequins and crystal overlays like athletic tank tops, added some sparkle to the empire waist cocktail numbers, paired with opera length, tight leather gloves - while the tulip shaped silhouettes gathered gently at the hem- will flatter the probably thin customer. The strongest looks however, were the front seamed, tapered pants with swingy tops, and the (former boss) Geoffrey Beene inspired wool jersey evening dresses- with Grecian-Martha Graham worthy wrapped tops and cut out backs, descending into flowing, long elegant trains.
Play a word association game and the word “romantic” pops to mind when you mention designer James Coviello. We recalled a previous Coviello collection that was homage to the twenties, which featured delicate dresses, skirts and tops that looked as delicate as cobwebs.
It’s three years later, and Mr. Coviello has stayed true to his esthetic. Better still, he has improved, these pieces look functional, and his latest effort achieves a balance between sweetness and sophistication.
The audience loved the wallpaper florals, sixties color block prints and the wonderful aquamarine, brown, olive, bronze and coral color palette. Interestingly, we previewed colors similar to these while at Mercedes Benz LA Fashion Week last October. Benjamin Moore previewed similar colors [Agave, cloud white] for the home that are remarkably similar to Mr. Coviello’…
“The ten inch kilt is not actually a kilt, but a cummerbund, that was made in the Lochlaron Mill, a very old factory in Scotland” Daniel explained just moments before the show went off.
Rather than doing Disney theme-parky shows, this label’s two designers are firmly rooted in their own reality. Continues Daniel, “Duckie Brown is about our lives and the people we know. Steven’s brother [Steven Cox is the other half of Duckie Brown] who actually is an English stockbroker dude, was the inspiration for the Denver plaid shirt [and jacket] in the show.
The line may be avant-garde, but these are supremely well-tailored clothes, accessorized with fun touches, such as turquoise suede …
Mr. Bartlett’s man this season went for a 1950’s Princetonian, BMOC [Big man on campus] look that reminded us of George Hamilton in the sixties movie classic, "Where the boys are", shot in the early 1950’s. Cable knit vests in camel, cream argyle sweaters and a brown hounds tooth suit accessorized with a cream cable muffler to keep him warm when he travels across the quad to pick up his girlfriend to go out for a milkshake and fries. Hair was either buzzed short or cut short with Bryl creamed cowlicks giving the guys a sexy just out of bed demeanor, which is by the way, Mr. Bartlett’s signature hairstyle.
For outerwear, there’s a brown leather bomber jacket with an upturned lamb collar, and a loden green wool zip front jacket with leather epaulettes. For warmer fall days, there's a forest green block print sweater. Suits are boxy and broad shouldered and double vented and referenced the 1920’’s zoo…
Conceptualized as “The Lovehawk Season,” Aussies' Sarah-Jane Clarke and Heidi Middleton(www.sassandbide.com) showed a luxuriously hip and well tailored collection that is sure to dazzle their fans…and attract some new ones. An emphasis on strong shoulder lines was best exemplified in a military epaulet style black wool coat and white blazer dress. A continuation of the tapered higher waist pants paired with loose camisoles and butterfly bowed blouses in metallic and black tones also looked fresh, barely hinting at the 80’s. Better yet, the over the top embellishments of earlier collections have given way to an elegant, vintage use of black sequins…most successfully in a circular motifs on the pocketed, sleeveless white v-neck dress. Accessories also veered towards the nearly demure with black top hats, lace up high heel black pumps and dark smoky leggings paired with dresses and above the knee skirts. In…
There’s a reason Nicole Miller has a loyal fan base consisting of teens and to 30'ish types. Her clothes are cleverly hip but not kooky…. and they fit to perfection. The Fall 2007 line, consisted largely of charcoal black and white color scheme intermixed with beautiful Chulucanas and Huari prints. The ethnic Peruvian and Chilean fabrics were strikingly used in the first look down the runway, in a warm jacquard coat and later on in the show in a black and white beaded and embroidered appliqué dress …and a luxe Chulucanas stretch silk dress.
For the working gal, cropped cashmere or black twill jackets over pleated skirts in wine metal and teal lurex, lack wool jumpers…and cropped pants will add a bit of versatile pizzazz to any office. Evening looks were sleekly fitted in burnout velvets. And being a pro, Nicole Miller’s models were spot-on styled just right, with little embellishments other than whimsic…
La Esquina, the down the stairs, through the kitchen hip, hideaway was the intimate stage for Monica Bryne’s sophisticated couture quality Fall line. Sumptuous silks of deep chocolate brown and burgundy were cleverly seamed into both long and sleeveless sheaths. Petal and delicate pouf hemlines of black silk garments, often inserted with panels of feminine black lace, captured the essence of Parisian chic to perfection. Even Audrey Hepburn herself would have marveled at the flattering day and evening dresses that will work on all body types. No wonder high-end retailers like Saks Fifth Avenue and Chicago’s Ultimo snatched up the collection.
Never has there been a better confluence of fashion and the environment than Linda Loudermilk’s sophisticated Fall 2007 collection. A soothing Asian Zen atmosphere ruled the runway where an inventively cut creamy “Polar Bear” Japanese rice paper wool jacket and skirt reminiscent of Japanese kimonos were standouts. A warm overcoat with many textured large panels made from corn fiber (that looked like anything but) over wood pulp leggings looked warm enough for the North Pole pre -global warming. Black tones also dominated- in for example, a bat wing layered top over wide legged, cuffed pants (a silhouette shown many times), and an adroitly seamed long black evening dress with a dramatic dutchess silk train. Overall, the designs itself should be seductive enough for consumers of high fashion…the organic, reusable nature of all fabrics used by Ms. Loudermi…
On the western side of Thorung La, the climate is much drier and in places the scenery is very much that of a desert landscape.
As you descend, though, you soon come across settled areas where meltwater from the snows and glaciers higher up enable vegetation to grow.
In Tukuche, at 2590m – less than half the altitude of Thorung la, which we had crossed just two days before.
It was in places like this, that we really felt we could be in another century. Buildings of stone and beautifully carved wood, ponies for transport, no wheeled vehicles, and the two fellows to the right of the picture are busy crushing lengths of bamboo to a fibrous pulp, ready to make into paper.
It was in places like these, actually, that I felt I could just leave the world behind and spend the rest of my life. Yes, totally impractical, I know, but…
Sunrise on Poon Hill is a treat most trekkers ensure they don’t miss. Unrivalled mountain views, and in the spring the massed flowers of the rhododendron forests.
…essentially, it is the only flat area in the village that doesn’t either have someone living on it or crops growing on it.
A Buddhist temple in Manang. We took care to visit the priest and receive his blessing for the crossing of the pass in a few days time. The high pass- Thorung La – is at 5416m and is the highest pass in the world, and who knows what the weather and fate might decide to throw at us.
A view of Annapurna I (I think!) from Manang. Annapurna I is the tenth highest mountain in the world, but also one of the most dangerous. The reason for my uncertainty is that the route of the trek takes us around some twenty or so peaks, including Annapurnas I – IV, Gangapurna, Tara Kang and Khangsar Kang, all of which can be seen from the Manang part of the trail.
Bridge across the Khone Khola, near where we camped before crossing the pass. The bridge is covered to protect it from snowfall.
We were snowed in the next day (and you can get very bored stuck in a tent for a day), but the following day we set off at dawn to cross the pass (Note the small figures passing the first rock).
After several hours hard slog through the snow, and the pass crossed, we began descending the western side down towards the village of Muktinath.
We followed the Marsayandi River for most of the first half of the trek, from the second or third day until we left it at Manang to head for the high pass – Thorung La. More about that next time, though. Not much chat on this post, I’ll let the photos do the talking.
On a technical note, I have slightly boosted the yellows on some of these photographs, as this is the main colour that age seems to have leeched out. Unfortunately I can’t do much about those photos that are slightly out of focus (I blame my poor eyesight) or the scratches and other blemishes that show up here and there. It was quite difficult to keep dust and grit out of the camera, and back in those days we used, well, you know, film. Film doesn’t like dust and grit, especially when you wind it on.
In Chame, we passed this beautifully carved mani stone. Chame sits at an altitude of 2670 metres, and the following day we were climbing steeply up to Pisang, at 3300 metres, and now we began to see the Big Stuff (this is a technical term, of course).
In 1988 – thirty years ago! – I walked the Annapurna Circuit. This has long been regarded as one of the top ten walks in the world, and is certainly the walk I have enjoyed most. I put up a post about the circuit a year and a half ago (here) should you wish to read it, but as a celebration of that anniversary, I thought I would put up some more photographs over several posts.
We camped the whole way, since there was virtually no accommodation on the route then. It was sometimes possible to sleep on the floor of a tea-house, but that usually meant an uncomfortable night in a very smoky atmosphere, and probably not a great deal warmer than a tent. It meant we were travelling with four guides, a couple of cooks, a couple of ‘kitchen boys’, and an average of fifteen to twenty porters (every so often one or two would leave, and others get hired from a village we were passing through).
We began our walk from Gorkha, walking through the Terai – the sub-tropical forest region that stretches across most of Southern Nepal and much of the Himalayan Foothills of Northern India. This was a land of small rural villages, terraced fields carved painstakingly out of the hillsides, and, naturally, wooded hillsides.
Much of the woodland had already gone, cut both as clearance for fields and for fuel and fodder. It was already leading to much soil erosion and the degradation of the remaining soils. With the passage of thirty years, this can only have got worse.
Transport in these areas was entirely by foot, usually in the form of porters who carried massive loads upon their backs. Occasionally by pony, or by bullock, but never by yak – they do not survive at these comparatively low altitudes. In 1988, walking the Annapurna Circuit was entirely on tracks and paths, since there were no roads of any description on our route. Today, there are motorable roads along part of it, but back then we did not see or hear a motorised vehicle for the duration of the trek.
Building materials in these areas were, and predominantly still are, wood, thatch, and mud. Stone was used only in larger settlements.
Rice paddy – terraced fields flooded for the planting of rice, the staple crop of the Nepal Lowlands.
On December 11, 2017 By Mick CanningIn Buddhism, Himalaya, India, Nepal, photographs, travel39 Comments
Prayer flags are found wherever Tibetan Buddhism is found. As they flutter in the breeze, they use this wind to send blessings out into the world. Through many parts of the Himalaya they adorn monasteries and humble homes, chortens and bamboo flagpoles. They are tied in their hundreds and thousands to bridges, above mountain peaks, and in the courtyards of every conceivable building.
Elsewhere, they are to be found wherever exiled Tibetans live, and wherever their school of Buddhism flourishes.
The makers of the flags intend the prayers and blessings that adorn them not for their own benefit, but for the benefit of all beings.
Commonly, late in the afternoon mists form and the temperature plummets. But even in the enveloping grey, Tengboche is colourful and beautiful.
To compare with the photo in the previous post, this is the same view in the morning – but with the addition of Ama Dablam on the right of the picture. This is possibly my favourite mountain; the classic ‘mountain-shaped’ mountain, similar to the Matterhorn.
Tengboche is a monastery complex and a couple of trekking lodges on the route up to Everest Base Camp from Lukla, in Nepal. It sits high above the waters of the Dudh Khosi.
Rightly or wrongly, I don’t like taking photographs of pujas in monasteries. It feels intrusive and bad mannered. I would feel the same in a church, mosque or temple. This has nothing to do with any beliefs of my own, but is born of simple respect.
I noted in my diary: We have just sat in on a chanting puja, but my meditation failed dismally. I was completely unable to concentrate on my breath as all that I could think of were my freezing feet!
On November 23, 2017 By Mick CanningIn Himalaya, India, mountains, Nepal, photographs, travel23 Comments
Kanchenjunga, the third highest peak in the Himalaya (and the world) taken from Observatory Hill, Darjeeling. It is the peak right of centre, with the spindrift blowing from the summit.
Making Friends with the Crocodile, now available on Kindle and as Print on demand. Click image to go to Amazon store
Many of my photographs are for sale, and I am constantly adding new ones. Click on image to go to Picfair site.
Archived posts Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (6) September 2018 (7) August 2018 (9) April 2018 (7) March 2018 (7) February 2018 (3) January 2018 (8) December 2017 (9) November 2017 (12) October 2017 (8) September 2017 (5) August 2017 (8) July 2017 (10) June 2017 (13) May 2017 (10) April 2017 (5) March 2017 (9) February 2017 (8) January 2017 (5) December 2016 (9) November 2016 (8) October 2016 (8) September 2016 (6) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (7) June 2016 (6) May 2016 (6) April 2016 (9) March 2016 (9) February 2016 (9) January 2016 (9) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (8) October 2015 (7) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (3)
Exploring philosophical, psychological and spiritual concepts & ideas with a view to illuminating the mind.
We use cookies to ensure that we provide you with the best possible experience on this website. To find out more about cookies and how we process personal data, visit our privacy centre.
ASSA ABLOY door closers and floor springs are ideal for almost any structural conditions, whether they are used in public, residential or commercial buildings or on light or heavy doors. The modular design makes planning easier while the intelligent setting and installation features ensure less time and effort are required for installation.
ASSA ABLOY door closers offer attractive design with varying performance features across the entire product range. Even heavy doors can be easily opened thanks to the decreasing counter pressure in the door closer - right from the moment that the door is slightly open and with a powerful closing force maintained at all times.
ASSA ABLOY floor springs are designed to work on timber, metal or glass doors. The products are available in different power ratings according to EN 1154, and feature a range of on-site adjustments to help reduce installation costs.
The schedule below comes to this site from rSchooltoday. To view the original calendar please click here.
Our trained staff can mystery shop your business know matter what type of business. We will find out what is working and what needs improvement so that you can better train your staff. We will accurately record the details of our visit so you know exactly how your staff is handling your customers.
Ad placement Inbound Marketing Affiliate World Europe 2018 MarTech The commissions are substantially lower when you are promoting CPA offers that pay on email address submissions, ZIP submits, or other simple actions. Therefore, you will need a lot more conversions to make a profit, especially when you are paying for traffic. Facebook is today launching cost-per-action ads for certain actions through the Ads API, a company spokesperson tells us. © 2018 Geckoboard. All rights reserved. Gabriel Shaoolian is founder/CEO of Blue Fountain Media, New York. Reach him at . BachelorsPortal.com 99733 Bachelors In other languages: 3 Answers Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsPaid Search ColumnSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: GeneralStatsStats: Spend Projections Select Customers I find it hard to believe people actually fill in those obviously scammy offers, so how can you make money from them? I imagine that even if you're making just a few dollars of profit, (say $10 profit based on spending $20), that you then just invest as much as you can once your campaign is fully optimised.
Organic Traffic Rulz/a> Click Here Click Learn More http://hq08.club Full Service SEO Commission Models Learn how to make and buy Internet ads. If you have graphic design skills and you don't want to create content on a blog or YouTube, then this may be the best option for you. You can find prime ad spaces, through services like BuySellAds, and purchase the ad space for a period of time. If the ad is targeted successfully, people will click on the link and type in their information, giving you leads. You will need to subtract the cost of the ad in order to figure out your return on investment. But in some cases, the target actions on advertiser websites can be omitted, as we discuss this in more detail on our blog. Thanks for the information.I use clickbooth and i am proud to use it .. Hi Ravi, thanks for the list. which of them is suitable for Ghana and other west African countries? On-Page SEO: Anatomy of a Perfectly Optimized Page (2018 Update) 715 shares 2.0.2 Cost Per Lead Offers wikiHow Contributor But what actually is CPA marketing in a nutshell? Tags Info Sheets Page Insights Investor Relations Collaborative Filtering How to Calculate CPA (Cost per Acquisition) Teaching Academy Pittsburgh Office Some of the best CPA Marketers work off the basis of establishing and nurturing the relationship between themselves (the publisher) and the advertisers. In a pay per lead agreement, the advertiser only pays for leads delivered under the terms of the agreement. No payment is made for leads that don't meet the agreed upon criteria. Fresh from the blog Quick Summary Release Notes Revenue Strategy When the commissions are paid? Graphic Design Programme intensity Part-time Get More Secret Guides & Offers To learn more about the process I use to build websites that make money, you can learn about the CTPM process here. Why Ask Eva? Joined:Oct 25, 2016 The affiliate network will help you find affiliates Leadership Scalable Traffic Follow Us Churn rate: The percentage of customers who stop subscribing to your service every month. Show results from selected filters below: Visualization Examples Cost Per Sale Offer sanjib May 10, 2017 Partner is Over Home Going a Step Further #3 Conversion tracking – You as a marketer need to know what happened after a user clicks on your paid or organic listing. paid ads For a user who has visited the brand?s Web site before and has considered booking a room, this incentive to discover what weekend packages are available could be the final touch needed to bring the user back to its Web site. Revenue Per Thousand Impressions Sell on Facebook You'll dive into how to set up an effective and attractive website using WordPress so that you can get started using CPA (Cost Per Action) offers to begin making money. Tips & tricks to help you get the most out of your online advertising. Geo Targeting CPA =	0,75 € What is cost per acquisition? Find Offers By Spying Competitors Apps & Integrations "Most practice owners have plateaued in their practice because they are spending their time on the wrong activities. " Google Adsense → Who I Use For WordPress Hosting 2.0.5 RevShare Offers Cost Per Acquistion Instagram Business Typically, your marketing budget is the money you have left over to grow your business after you take care of your other operating expenses. Tradeshow Marketing (1) AdClerks 22. Adsimilis Overview: Your Cost Per Action (CPA) please how do i get the best from cpa offer, Ive paid for website design, still waiting for it to go online but i still need coaching on how to make it here RingPartner’s Vice President of Sales & Marketing, Sarah Gulbrandsen, Named Finalist in 2018 VIATEC Technology Awards for Emerging Leader of the Year Tell people what you think The emerging portrait of Gen Z related terms Raymond Jerome, Marketing at Entrepreneur Mind Map (2005-present) December 3, 2017 at 8:18 pm Did this summary help you?YesNo People Why Skimping on IT Can Be Costly for Your Organization Options for products requiring high touch Acknowledgments Hi Justin, w Are you pursuing an aggressive or conservative growth strategy? Qty: Clothing	Souq.com Cynthia Johnson  Email: info@brickmarketing.com What is Cost Per Acquisition (CPA), and what is a benchmark for retailers? Not Recommended W4 has championed itself in running successful CPA Affiliate Marketing Campaigns. Backed by an advanced and dependable technology, you can look forward to a wide range of affiliate programs and lots of offers in various categories. If you are one of those who desires to have result based internet marketing, then W4 is one of the most dependable CPA Affiliate Network that you can surely partner with for your success. W4 has based its business on campaign optimization, transparency, and quality affiliates and follows best practices in CPA Affiliate Marketing. It already has an expansive list of publishers who are earning huge revenues by joining its various affiliate programs. eCommerce Segmentation Facebook © 2018 Leaderboard The biggest downfall is that you can be perceived as a spammer. Ever had friends on Facebook that promote a club every weekend with super annoying Facebook posts? you might join their club. I am mentioning it separately as most of the above-mentioned ad networks don’t allow advertisers to promote adult CPA offers. Domain Authority Checker Any extra charge/ fees during the checkout process can immediately put off a visitor and can cause him to abandon the shopping cart straightaway. Copyright © 1998-2018. Reproduction Strictly Prohibited. All Rights Reserved. You can get access to it and some of my personal products for free here: NativeAds There are many techniques and methods that affiliates try in-order to keep their game on track. Hi Nicolas, nice to e-meet you. Kabirhat says #3 Optimize your Paid campaigns’ settings Click below to let us know you read this article, and wikiHow will donate to Hack the Hood on your behalf. Thanks for helping us achieve our mission of helping people learn how to do anything. Your first step is to find an offer that aligns with your site’s existing traffic. I don’t have much traffic yet. I receive only about 100 visitors per day. Please which of the CPAs will be best for me to monetize my blog? Improve Page Content Visual Content Strategy You will have to fill in your personal details including your phone number because often they will call you. The CPA networks have to vet you to make sure you are a legitimate business that can send them leads. Point Solutions report covers Cookie tracking – when a media owner drives a click a cookie is dropped on the prospect's computer which is linked back to the media owner when the "action" is performed. Get Paid To|Make Money Gta 5 Online Get Paid To|Make Money Gif Get Paid To|Make Money Game
Share yours! MSI Sakib October 22, 2015 Training Pay Per Call Sign up for AdMedia CPA today and increase your revenue. It’s simply spectacular! Average Revenue per Customer = Yearly Revenue/Yearly Customer Count About Marius Enache 15 Photoshop Banner Ads Templates Three Factors That Determine Affiliate Marketing Success How To Do Affiliate Marketing Like A Boss Recent Posts Gurmeet Singh says: Social You’re better off planning your next strategies way in advance. Start by diligently mapping out your daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, and annual goals and objectives. This way, you can effectively manage uncertainty and mitigate risks in an efficient manner. joseph JULY 24, 2017 How To Create High Converting Landing pages Angela W says: They’re like the Google of CPA: they aggregate offers from reputable CPA networks. There are three main ways of pricing online media – CPC, CPM, and CPA. The difference between the three is what deliverable the Publisher and Marketer agree to bill on. As you’ll see below, the pricing structure often reflects who has the bargaining power, as well as the quality of the product. Could generate low engagement on a single action, even if you’re serving lots of ads and generating lots of clicks.[/ezcol_1half_end] Sure you can earn big money as a CEO, as a consultant, or an investment banker – but what’s the freedom like in those jobs? . Videos General Email: Social Media When it comes to driving traffic to your Web site, if you have compelling content, vibrant visuals and the ability to correctly identify demographics about your target audience, advertising on both Facebook and Instagram can hold a lot of potential. So based on the above response and conversion rates, we would get 300 people to respond to the mailer, and 45 people to buy (this is our Total Acquisitions in the equation above). Now we know that our cost per acquisition is $20,000/45, or $444.44, which of course is higher than our initial cost per acquisition threshold, so we need to decide if this channel is feasible moving forward. http://youtube.com/watch?v=Czlcx0rBcyo
Organic Traffic Rulz/a> Click Here Click Learn More http://hq08.club This could mean that your marketing and sales costs rose, but you have not had more customers as a result. Dana Stone says eCommerce Check out iMobiTrax Cost-Per-Action (CPA, CPL, CPE, CPI, CPS, CPC) pricing model. Free Keyword Tool Home Dictionary Cost per acquisition Comment Follow @phrossed Bill Moschella Advertiser sales and support: Online you might have a few destinations. Perhaps there's a forum somewhere where people discuss knitting? Maybe there's a website aimed directly at 'knitting fans'? In the real world, examples might be the bingo club (not to reinforce stereotypes) or perhaps a knitting magazine. 2018 © Pure Residuals. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Earnings Disclaimer | FTC Disclosure AdWords Training “What If I Can’t Find an Offer?” Can you Explain What is the use of tracking software, i kwn its for tracking but what they track, we can use google analytic also. Sir can you please paste any CPAlead offer at youur blog through iframe. Please show me i am facing some problems VideoSense You know about offers, traffic, and networks !! It’s now time for you to promote CPA offers by bringing traffic to your offer page links. The biggest downfall is that you can be perceived as a spammer. Ever had friends on Facebook that promote a club every weekend with super annoying Facebook posts? you might join their club. 25 Best CPA Networks of 2018 that have Paid … Kindle Cloud Reader Access Control Facility (ACF2) Affiliate Marketing Program Search on Facebook for BusinessResourcesSupport HLTH The Future of Healthcare Analyzing an Acquisition Announcement Select revenue from the drop down menu. Latest posts by Sherrie Mersdorf (see all) Content Marketing ROI Where should I promote the CPA (cost per action) for more response? Partners Founder of OptimizeSmart.com and EventEducation.com DeMaria in Novi, MI, USA RSS Feed (6192 Followers) How to Get Commission Bumps: One of the perks of having a good relationship with your AM is the ability to get commission bumps. PPC Budget Calculator Mobile Web Preview Tool What is Cost Per Acquisition (CPA), and what is a benchmark for retailers? How to Use a “Demo Video” For Offline Marketing Share on Facebook Related Pages Recurring Income, SEO, Blogging and More Sign In CPA Bottom of Column 2 The premier guide to understanding Accounting for small businesses. Knowing your numbers is very important. Figure out your numbers and more today! Work From Home|Make Money Ebooks Work From Home|Make Money Earn Easy Cash App Work From Home|Make Money Earn Cash App Download
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. hq3x.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. If you see something illegal, please, email us and we will remove it ASAP. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parts. We have no control over the content of these pages, all materials are added automatically.
Welcome to the Frontier Lodge; Motel, Restaurant and Lounge, located in beautiful downtown Lander. Since 1963, the family owned and operated. “Maverick” has been providing the convenience of a restaurant, lounge and motel under one roof. If you haven’t seen the property in some time you will be pleasantly surprised to see the improvements. We gave the property a facelift but our philosophy remains the same. We still offer the most reasonable rates, great steaks and our award winning “Best Breakfast in Town”. Whether visiting the wonderful, local sites or just passing through, our friendly staff and town of Lander welcome you.
Recent Lindale High School graduate Sarah Huseth recently received the Milt Geiger “Catch the Spirit Scholarship’’ awarded by the Hideaway Kiwanis Club, publicity officials announced. The purpose of the award is to recognize a special student and to reward them for caring and helpful attitude for those around them. This award lets them know their good deeds don’t go unnoticed. She is the daughter of John and Lou Ann Huseth.
Officer Ramsey responded to an alarm at 2600 Block S Main St. False alarm. Officer Stevens responded to an accident at 3500 Block S Main St. Settled at scene. Officer Stevens responded to a welfare concern at 400 Block S Main St. Settled at scene. Officer Stevens, and Officer Ramsey responded to a warrant service at 3500 Block S Main St. Report taken, and arrest made. Sgt Flores, and Officer Overton responded to a criminal trespass at 100 Block E Centennial Blvd. Report taken. Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a criminal trespass at 100 Block E Centennial Blvd. Report taken. Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to an alarm at 18600 Block Lenis Ln. False alarm. Officer Ramsey, Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a theft at 100 Block E Centennial Blvd. Report taken. Officer Stevens, Sgt Flores, and Detective Philpot responded to a public service at 700 Block Stewart St. Questions asked and answered. Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to an alarm at 300 Block Mount Sylvan St. Report taken. Officer Stevens responded to an accident at 14000 Block I20 W. Report taken. Officer Ramsey responded to a loud noise disturbance at 14100 Block I20 W. Report taken. Officer Ramsey responded to a public service at 600 Block N Main St. Questions asked and answered. Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a public service at 14000 Block Cr 474. Questions asked and answered. Officer Stevens, Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to an agency assist at 100 Block E Centennial Blvd. Responding agency took over scene. Officer Overton, Officer Gillham, Officer Fortunas, and Sgt Flores responded to a disturbance at 300 Block S Main St. Unable to locate. Officer Fortunas, Officer Gillham, Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a disturbance at 3400 Block S Main St. Settled at scene. Officer Fortunas, Officer Overton, Officer Gillham, and Sgt Flores responded to a suspicious vehicle at 1200 Block S Main St. Arrest made, and report taken. Officer Gillham responded to a suspicious circumstance at 900 Block E Hubbard St. Settled at scene. Officer Gillham, and Officer Fortunas responded to an alarm at 1500 Block S Main St. False alarm.
Officer Stevens responded to a motorist assist at 100 Block Hamrick St. Officer Ramsey, and Officer Stevens responded to a loud noise disturbance at 600 Block E Hubbard St. Settled at scene. Officer Ramsey responded to a motorist assist at 300 Block S Main St. Settled at scene. Officer Ramsey and Officer Stevens responded to an accident at 100 Block Centennial Blvd. Report taken. Officer Stevens, Officer Ramsey, Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a disturbance at 200 Block Charles Dr. Unable to locate. Officer Stevens, Officer Ramsey, Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a welfare concern at 200 Block Highland Dr. Settled at scene. Officer Overton, Officer Ramsey, Officer Stevens, Officer Gillham, and Sgt Flores responded to a peace officer warrant at 200 Block Charles Dr. Report taken, and subject taken to hospital. Officer Gillham, Officer Fortunas, Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a driving while intoxicated at 3200 Block S Main St. Report taken, and arrest made. Officer Fortunas responded to a public service at 300 Block Kingdom Blvd. Questions asked and answered. Officer Fortunas responded to a suspicious vehicle at 17000 Block I20 W. Settled at scene. Officer Gillham, and Officer Fortunas responded to an agency assist at 800 Block E Hubbard St. Responding agency took over scene.
Officer Gordon, and Officer Houghton responded to a motorist assist at 900 Block Mount Sylvan St. Officer Gordon, and Officer Houghton responded to an alarm at 200 Block S Main St. False alarm. Officer Leevey responded to an accident at 3200 Block S Main St. Report taken. Officer Leevey, Officer Houghton, and Officer Gordon responded to a suspicious circumstance at 300 Block S Industrial St. Report taken. Officer Taylor responded to an accident at 300 Block S Main St. Report taken. Officer Taylor, and Sgt Wilson responded to a warrant service at 2800 Block S Main St. Report taken, and arrest made. Sgt Wilson responded to a public service at the police department. Questions asked and answered. Officer Sgt Wilson responded to a public service at 3500 Block S Main St. Questions asked and answered. Officer Taylor, and Sgt Wilson responded to a welfare concern at 15200 Block Lindale Cemetary Rd. Settled at scene. Officer Trombley responded to an agency assist at 300 Block S Main St. Responding agency took over scene. Officer Taylor responded to an agency assist at 600 Block S Main St. Responding agency took over scene. Officer Taylor responded to a suspicious vehicle at 100 Block E South St.
Officer Leevey responded to an accident at 554 I20 E. Report taken. Officer Leevey, Officer Houghton, Detective Philpot, Sgt Dworaczyk, Sgt Wilson, and Lt. Lazarine responded to an agency assist at 900 Block E Hubbard St. Settled at scene. Officer Houghton and Sgt Wilson responded to a warrant service at the police department. Arrest made, and report taken. Officer Leevey responded to a welfare concern at 300 Block S Main St. Subject was okay. Officer Leevey responded to an animal complaint at 200 Block Shanna St. Settled at scene. Officer Leevey responded to a public service at the police department. Questions asked and answered. Officer Houghton, Officer Trombley, Officer Taylor, and Sgt Wilson responded to an accident at 3500 Block S Main St. Report taken. Officer Trombley, and Officer Taylor responded to a loud noise disturbance at 300 Block Molly ln. Unable to locate. Officer Trombley, and Officer Taylor responded to a suspicious person at 600 Block W Hubbard St. Settled at scene. Officer Trombley, and Officer Taylor responded to an agency assist at 19100 Block Hwy 69 N. Responding agency took over scene.
Officer Leevey responded to a suspicious vehicle at 200 Block Margaret St. Settled at scene. Officer Leevey, and Chief Somes responded to a welfare concern at 1500 Block Wood Springs. Settled at scene. Detective Philpot, and Chief Somes responded to an agency assist at 12600 Block FM 16 W. Responding agency took over scene. Detective Philpot responded to a motorist assist at 556 I20. Officer Houghton, and Sgt Wilson responded to a public service at the police department. Questions asked and answered. Officer Leevey, Officer Houghton, and Sgt Wilson responded to a welfare concern at 700 Block N Main St. Subject was okay. Officer Leevey responded to an agency assist at 1260 Block Harvey Rd. Responding agency took over scene. Officer Trombley, Officer Taylor, Officer Houghton, and Sgt Wilson responded to suspicious circumstance at 300 Block Kingdom Blvd. Unable to locate. Officer Houghton, and Sgt Wilson responded to an animal complaint at 100 Block E Centennial Blvd. Settled at scene. Officer Houghton, Officer Trombley, and Sgt Wilson responded to a suspicious vehicle at 400 Block Eagle Spirit Dr. Settled at scene. Officer Taylor, Officer Trombley, Officer Houghton, Detective Philpot and Sgt Wilson responded to an inquest at 3500 Block S Main St. Report taken. Officer Taylor responded to a suspicious vehicle at 100 Block Mission Crest Cir. Settled at scene.
Officer Stevens, and Officer Ramsey responded to a suspicious vehicle at 100 Block Jack Dr. Settled at scene. Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a motorist assist at 200 Block E Hubbard St. Officer Stevens, Officer Overton, Officer Gillham, and Sgt Flores responded to a peace officer warrant at 300 Block Helen Dr. Report taken. Officer Ramsey responded to a credit card abuse at the police department. Report taken. Chief Somes responded to a public service at 200 Block E North St. Settled at scene. Officer Fortunas responded to a suspicious vehicle at 100 Block Mallory St. Settled at scene. Officer Gillham, Officer Fortunas, Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a suspicious person at 300 Block Molly Ln. Settled at scene. Officer Fortunas, Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a suspicious circumstance at 100 Block S Main St. Settled at scene. Officer Gillham, Officer Fortunas, Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a peace officer warrant at 400 Block Wendy St. Report taken. Officer Fortunas responded to a motorist assist at 553 I20 E. Officer Fortunas, and Officer Gillham responded to a suspicious person at 3300 Block S Main St. Subject was okay.
Officer Ramsey responded to a found property at the police department. Report taken. Officer Stevens responded to a stolen property at 100 Block E Centennial Blvd. Report taken. Officer Ramsey responded to an accident at 100 Block Centennial Blvd. Report taken. Officer Overton, Officer Stevens, and Sgt Flores responded to an accident at 100 Block E Centennial Blvd. Report taken. Officer Ramsey, Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to an accident at 3500 Block S Main St. Report taken. Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a criminal trespass at 100 Block E Centennial Blvd. Report taken. Officer Fortunas responded to an agency assist at 19000 Block Hwy 69 N. Report taken. Officer Overton, and Sgt Flores responded to a motorist assist at 13800 Block Hwy 69 N. Officer Fortunas responded to an accident at 100 Block E South St. Report taken. Officer Gillham, and Officer Fortunas responded to a suspicious circumstance at 500 Block N College St. Settled at scene. Officer Fortunas, and Officer Gillham responded to an alarm at 14000 Block Fm 849. False alarm.
“So much in SchoolLess’s future is dependent on his ability to remain in control of his relationship with the invaluable, unavoidable, and pernicious virtual world."
“So much in SchoolLess’s future is dependent on his ability to remain in control of his relationship with the invaluable, unavoidable, and pernicious virtual world." Read More
Bach, Carver, Escher, formula, Gödel, homeschool, homeschool blog, homeschool productivity, Lamenting Mathematician, LearnMe, math curriculum, metaphor, moral code of homeschool, problem with technology, Raise the intellectual stakes, rate times time equals distance, SAT testing, Singapoean Math, Sneakers Invented, Strunk and White, take the metaphor, test prep, Test Taking, The Godfather
FallWinterI want to hear some dates you guys have off for the following fall season. Im thinking getting together after CANVAZ but will like to see what days you guys are free.
Unfortunately i been slacking on my rig to prep it for CANVAZ that the following weekends i will only be able to do mod days or meet and greets.
Also, if we want, we can do a pool party/meet and greet at my house, and at the community pool, which is huge. It's a heated pool, and I believe there is a grill there, and if not, we can at least do a little mod day meet and greet at my place. If we want to use that as a home base for a chili event, go wheel crown king or some other places close by, we can do that.
As for smiley rock Eron from CSNE has been talking about doing that trail when it cools down so i was thinking combining both clubs for a run. Maybe Sedona broken arrow night run as Avi mentioned.
I can most likely make it to your house for a mod day if we have some projects out there. My projects at the moment involve most of my tools at home but. (Rear bumper materials and welder). Im willing to help out.
Smiley Rock in Jerome for a morning or day maybe another trail during the afternoon. Then do Broken Arrow in Sedona at night. It will be really cold to camp but if we get a group to camp i will join.
December 3rd ? No camping unless we get a group to camp ill join. But i like the cold weather to an extent lol.
I think Addie mentioned doing a run on Thanksgiving weekend somewhere. If I am in town I would probably up for that.
Smiley Rock's a short trail, the only real obstacle is a boulder field a couple hundred feet long which with good spotting, can have a stock GEN1 traverse..
I was reviewing my map Book and there looks like some good secondary roads on Table Mesa W by Ft. Misery area. A few Ghost owns.
Box Canyon would be a good day run. I never been there, but have always wanted to run it. Of course not by myself!
***The event team is asking for some help on Sunday to help break down camp. In previous years, we all just kind of did our own thing and left. The really want us to be a bigger part of the event team/family and this is another opportunity to help out and get to know the people behind the scenes. When breaking down the End Camp there is always tons of leftover breakfast and snacks which everyone is welcome to, especially if you help out. Let me know if you want to sign up and I can get your names on the volunteer list.***
In lieu of the club committing to helping Randy Miller with his fundraising commitment we would still like to raise money to donate to the Toys for Tots so we have added a link on the forum, and I will post it in other pertinent areas. If between now and the deadline, we raise funds that can help him meet and or exceed his commitment that is required by the event we will update the status.
Last year, funds raised from this event made Christmas happen for over 9700 children! If you can donate, please do so, we ask that you make a donation of $10 to $25 but any amount is appreciated. The donation button link on the forum is located just under the Supporting Member button which is in the left corner area forum. Here is the direct link, let me know if anyone has issues with this link or any of the links I posted.
Our Role: We provide on-course support for the riders. If they break down and/or can't continue, we will shuttle them to the next SAG (Stop And Group) stop.
We typically get up to Flag on Friday afternoon / evening and camp at "Start Camp". !!! Start Camp for us will be somewhere different than the riders, location posted below. !!!
On Saturday, we are up early, before the riders start which is 7am, and drive out to our assigned spots on the trail. We are on parked on the trail for a good portion of the day (bring your own lunch, water, snacks, shade). On Saturday, late afternoon, we make it to the finish line just outside of the Grand Canyon (aka "End Camp"). At End Camp, the Marines cook a big fajita dinner, and Fat Tire donates the beer. After dinner, we have a big bonfire, and goldfish (the crackers) massacre! On Sunday morning, the Marines cook up a big breakfast, and then we break camp to head for home.
This is a great event, and one that I try to make every year. We can always use more trucks on the trail, but let's try to keep it Nissans only (i.e. don't post this on a non-Nissan board). That being said, if you have a buddy with another make of high clearance or 4wd vehicle, they would be welcome to join us.
Start Camp location for us will be here, unless the event changes maps. -> https://goo.gl/maps/L4Z2d7QooqL2 , it is near last years 1st checkpoint. Here are the coordinates - (35.395493, -111.756143). It is not far from the 180. The actual camp site might be exact depending on the trees, but we'll be on the left side of the road and before the cattle gate. So if you go over the cattle gate, you missed our camp.
Try to get to our Start Camp as early as possible on Friday, we will be handing out maps and sharing pertinent info. We will need to be ready to roll pretty early as the riders start riding at 7am and they are much much closer to the checkpoints, which gives us less lag time to get there. We all need to be at designated checkpoints before the riders get there. And for you noobs, there are riders that can beat us to checkpoints.
We usually need a minimum of 10 rigs to cover 10 checkpoints. Once we arrive, and we have an ACTUAL number, we can assign checkpoints with buddies if possible. There will be a few checkpoints this year that will have HAM operators so if we have to we can buddy up with them.
Otherwise, we're there to ensure the safety of the riders so we'll need to cover the checkpoints. If you know anyone who has a high clearance vehicle or 4wd invite the to come along with you.
This has been taken care of... ***Volunteers are needed who can arrive early Friday morning to help mark the trail! Let us know if you can be there that early!!!***
Eight Time ToTM Winner. July 2013, December 2013, July 2014, December 2014, May 2015, August 2016, February 2017, September 2017
We really need to pump this up folks, coming soon more information related to the future of this event.
Some news on this one, Fat Tire is not a beer sponsor for this year, it will be Deschutes Brewery. I like their beer too.
Also, if anyone would like them, I have gpx data from last years trail. It will be the same this year. Just reminder, this event is not going to be called Fat Tire, they are sticking with the Flag2GC name. Not that it isn't a major consequence but likely due to changes in beer sponsors.
This coming year, Deschutes will be supplying our Rider Support group, aka Marshall's Militia with our own bottle beer. They aren't currently putting their stuff in cans, so hopefully we can all be responsible for our mess. No word on what it will be, since they will likely be adding seasonal brews that time of year.
I started a poll for Flag2GC, as this event is coming soon. Plan accordingly, we need the help. The more the merrier.
It's my son's 1st birthday weekend, and the weekend before I'm moving my mom from NC to AZ, so I'll be doing a LOT of driving! I would really like to go, and maybe next year I'll be a rider in the event!
While I was getting dinner ready the boys were free range throughout the house. They were having a good time laughing and playing with their toys. I ran into the bedroom for a minute and when I came out Ezra was in his crib. Doug asked me if I put him there and still in shock I said no.
I took him out and put him on the floor to see if he would demonstrate his new found ability and off he went. A few minutes later he was back in the nursery again so I watched him from the hallway. He knocked the pillows off the couch, used them as a step, climbed on the couch, climbed up on the arm rest, and did a swan dive into the crib. I gasped because I was sure it was my turn to go to an Indian emergency room, but up he jumped with a smile on his face.
Click on the picture to go to Tim's website. He is a highly recommended American photographer based in Delhi
Dad Loves Daddy | The on-going adventures of two dads with two kids making their way through the world!!
It didn't occur to me until after I showered this morning, the extent to which my kids have become my life. My skin is ridiculously f...
Chad and I hit up every Baby store in Delhi yesterday. Well, not every one, but most of them. Thank god the weather was cooler than usual. T...
I've heard some crazy things while out with our twins. Some people, even when their intent is not to be rude or prying , really have no...
Throughout the summer and now that we are back in India, Chad and I have answered a lot of questions about our surrogacy journey lately. Her...
So, we're still getting ready. And just when I think we've bought the last thing that we need before the babies arrive, I walk thro...
Our twins are 27 months old. They were born in India. So far, we've traveled with them to the following destinations on planes: Delhi...
We have been living in Holland for two months now. Our house is still exactly what we wanted, and our family is enjoying life to the fulles...
Wow it has been a long time! So much has happened since our last post I don't even know where to start. The long and short is that...
Every modern person needs relaxing procedures. The rapid pace of life in Kiev http://uamassage.kiev.ua/ and constant stress can lead to the development of neuroses and more serious diseases. The body needs periodic relaxation to prevent it. Erotic massage allows achieving a state of a pleasant bliss. It helps the body to restore the reserves of vital energy that is necessary for a person for successful career growth, improving material well-being, achieving life success. Quality Ukraine erotic massage helps to remove stress and relax from hard work.
Plenty of area dining options and great value for the dollar are the notable pluses for our guests visiting Park Inn by Radisson Resort & Conference Center - Orlando. The 429-room seven-floor hotel features sports courts and a fitness center plus two outdoor pools and a whirlpool so you can keep your workout on the up-and-up. A gaming and arcade room on-site Wi-Fi and a business center are additional features. Hotel dining options abound with a food court poolside dining and a choice of restaurants. Parking is free. The hotel charges a resort fee as well. The hotel is one mile from Walt Disney World. Orlando International Airport is about a half-hour drive and Orange County Convention Center is 20 minutes by car. Attention shoppers: Orlando Premium Outlets are just 15 minutes away by car along with the rest of International Drive's bevy of retail options. In addition plenty of restaurants and shops are within walking distance. Universal Studios Gatorland and Wet 'n Wild are about 15 miles away. A "very friendly staff" and great location right in the middle of Orlando's action is the big deal for our guests at Park Inn by Radisson Resort & Conference Center - Orlando.
positive 1 negative. Youre going to get rejected by women you approach, even women who may like you platonically. Other scientists have discovered a strong link between the chemical Bisphenol A and weight gain; BPA is found in many consumer products, including bottled water and food packaging, making it an invisible but nearly unavoidable part of our lives. We loose so many of them this way. Youre big, you know it, she knows.
Making jokes about your size is almost always a defense mechanism, trying to get the insult in before anybody else does to take the sting out of it and it just calls attention to the fact that youre big and you feel awkward about. There will be days when it seems is cole sprouse dating lili rei like everyone is determined to shit all over you, personally. The cognitive dissonance alone can make peoples heads explode. There will be guys who try to squeeze you out by making jokes about you being huge. NOW give ME ALL your money. Look: youre going to get rejected. Jackets especially dark wash denim or sport coats can help provide shape and definition.
Intralytix, Inc. receives a U.S. Army award in support of studies on bacteriophages and the food microbiome.
Baltimore, Maryland, U.S.A. November 29, 2017. Intralytix, Inc. announced today that it has received a U.S. Army award in support of the studies on elucidating the interaction of bacteriophages with bacteria in various food matrixes. The project will also examine the impact of selected food safety interventions on the food microbiome.
"There is a growing body of evidence that diet is an important factor influencing the human gut microbiome; however, there have been very few studies that have examined the microbiome associated with the food products themselves. To understand the impact of food microbiomes on human health, it is first necessary to establish the baseline microbiome of common food items" stated Alexander Sulakvelidze, Intralytix's Executive Vice-President and Chief Scientific Officer of the Company, and Principal Investigator of the Army contract.
"One intriguing aspect of the study is to examine how commonly used food interventions might impact the normal bacterial composition of the foods" Dr. Sulakvelidze added. "As it is increasingly recognized, many of the bacteria naturally present in foods are beneficial to us and they help maintain healthy microbiomes when ingested with foods. Yet, those beneficial bacteria may be "collateral damage" of common food safety interventions that do not discriminate between disease-causing bacteria and beneficial bacteria in foods. Therefore, alternative food safety interventions that can specifically target pathogenic bacteria, but not the natural, beneficial bacterial community in the foods, offer an exciting approach for improving the safety of foods without negatively impacting its nutritional value, or shifting the microbiota towards less desirable populations. We believe that bacteriophage products offer such an intervention tool, and we are pleased that the US Army found these studies worthy of their support."
"Intralytix is the world leader in developing bacteriophage-based preparations for various applications" commented John Woloszyn, Intralytix's CEO. He added "Our company has the largest number of FDA- and USDA- approved phage preparations for food safety applications in the World. This project, supported by the US Army Natick RD&E Center, further strengthens our company's R&D efforts in that field. The results are expected to improve our knowledge of the food microbiome, and ultimately result in safer and better-quality food products for the consumers."
The "magazine cover" below is my nephew who I am trying to get some sort of revenge on. For April Fools this year he had my sister text me and my other sister telling us we are going to be Great Aunts. Mike is freshly out of college and not in a relationship. I called him to offer congratulations and a shoulder if he needed it. Mike played along with his joke and went on that he did not know what he was going to do etc and sounded sooo depressed! For that I give him "Player" of the year. LOL! If there were such a magazine he would most definetly be on the cover. Cograts Mike! I am not done with you yet!
Rest Story Kit™ + Story Stamp™ + December Stories By The Month™ - In the Story Classroom this month we are focusing on stories related to the theme of *Rest*. Here are a few thoughts about this particular theme: *Rest...
Nothing Sweeter Online Class Preorder - Hello my Stamping Friends! Can you believe I have another AMAZING online class preorder for you today??! This one is probably close to my FAVORITE cl...
Friends are your umbrella with Art Impressions - Hello AI Fans!! Of all the things I could wish for you, I think the best thing I could wish for you is to have at least one close friend in your life. The...
Distressed Flag SVG - I was playing around with the idea of making myself a 4th of July shirt this year to wear to the annual 4th of July party and posted a picture on Facebook ...
Technical Difficulties... - The Taylored Expressions Blog is currently experiencing technical difficulties. Our tech-savvy grumplings are working hard on correcting the issues and o...
Ridiculous Sale on All Directions - Just a quick heads up! Ridiculous Sale on all our Cricut Project Directions is on now! There are 14 Fall and Halloween project directions on sale for 1 s...
Words SOUS Release - Our challenge this week is to create something with words. I decided to make a recipe book using my cricut and Freshly Picked. I love the way it came o...
2014 Bertram Inn Fall Retreat Information!! - Please join us for a weekend of scrapping fun at the 7th Annual Fall Retreat at the Bertram Inn in Aurora, Ohio with Work in Progress Kits!! Friday,Novembe...
Streamlining Your Digital Life - Facebook - I know for one, that I spend too much time online, on the phone, on social media, etc. So I set out to decide how I was going to streamline my digital l...
OPEN CALL FOR LIME LIGHT DESIGN TEAM - Please read carefully: From today until January 8th we will accept applications for the Lime Light Charitable Design Team. Members of this team donate thei...
Update to Family Calendar - I made this family birthday calendar in 2007 as a Christmas gift. I occasionally get someone asking where in the world I got the stars, so below the pictur...
FAREWELL & WELCOME TO A NEW BBTB SITE - Hello everyone.....and HAPPY NEW YEAR'S to you all.... As you read from the title of this post, I have a bit of sad news...effective today, I will no longer...
Cricut Design Studio files are available free of charge. They are for personal and non-commercial use only. Thank You.
I am a Mom who loves to scrapbook! I have been scrapbooking my kids for 11 years. I started off with Creative Memories and have just recently started using products from local scrapbook stores, Hobby Lobby and Michaels.
Слоган«They killed his wife ten years ago. There's still time to save her. Murder is forever... until now»
Rates can be used to offer different packages for your room (breakfast included, deposit required with a discount, etc).
We are counted amongst as the foremost manufacturers and suppliers of superior quality range of ESP Outer Arm. It is extensively used for different equipments for fitting purposes and can be availed in various shapes and sizes. Manufactured under the supervision of expert engineers and technicians, this is known for their sturdy construction and excellent resistance against corrosion. Moreover, this ESP Outer Arm can be availed from us at industry leading prices.
When you want to send flowers to Austin’s South Shore Lake Travis using a local florist, choose Flowers by Nancy, too!, known for offering the best quality and service in the Texas Hill Country. Located in Lakeway, the Parker family has been serving the South Shore since 1989. If you are in the area, visit our store where you’ll find an even bigger selection, 1208 Ranch Road 620 South, Lakeway Texas 78734
Flowers by Nancy, too! offers a full range of flowers, floral arrangements, custom shopping, gift baskets, balloons and plants. Our expert design staff can create unique wedding designs, memorial tributes, party décor and event planning assistance. Please call to speak with our our experienced team for assistance in ordering fruit and gourmet baskets, as well as customized specialty baskets, specifics on dish gardens and available blooming plants.
Flowers by Nancy, too! provides prompt delivery to Weed Corley Fish Funeral Home and the Lakeway Regional Medical Center, both located within 2 miles of our shop. Longhorn Village, Grace House, Brookdale and The Summit at Lakeway elder care facilities receive deliveries twice a day, as does Seton Southwest Hospital in Oak Hill. We provide same-day delivery to the South Shore communities of Lakeway, Bee Caves, Spicewood, Briarcliff, Westlake, The Hills, Oak Hill, Dripping Springs, Steiner Ranch, Four Points and River Place.
These ladies were AWESOME!!! Affordable, quick and professional! My wife was awed by her gorgeous arrangement. I highly recommend Flowers By Nancy, Too. I will certainly be going back for my next occasion.
Flowers by Nancy, too! has a customer is always right policy. The products are fresh, creatively designed and delivered on time. I highly recommend this florist for any events you are planning. Their presentations are gorgeous and unique. Friendly service, too!
This florist makes the most beautiful & creative floral arrangements I have ever seen. The quality is consistent and the arrangements are colorful…just spectacular. The deliveries are delivered on a timely basis and the flowers are so fresh, they last an extraordinary amount of time. If you truly want to send an arrangement that is top of the line, please use Flowers by Nancy.
Had flowers delivered to my mother for her 91st birthday and the arrangement was awesome and well priced for the value. Flowers have remained fresh for a week and were delivered in a vase that makes it very easy for her to keep watering. Thanks, Flowers by Nancy, for a great delivery service and quality product! Also, flowers were delivered as promised for the time frame requested.
I ordered a flower crown for a photos shoot for my daughter. I called and spoke with a super friendly associate, she was so helpful in helping me communicate what I wanted and said they could have it ready when I needed it (which was a pretty tight timeline). I picked up the crown the next day and it was gorgeous and exactly what I was looking for. I will definitely be using Flowers by Nancy, too! Again! I also wanted to mention, their prices are so reasonable and the little shop has some cute little items in it for gifts and such as well.
I was so pleased with the outcome, as I only gave them two weeks notice about needing a bouquet. I also ordered (3) corsages, and a boutonnière.
My flowers stayed fresh overnight in a fridge and were beautiful the next day that I used them. Thanks Jennifer!
<# if ( data.featuredImage.url ) { #>style="background-image:url({{data.featuredImage.url}})"<# } #>>
La tripofobia è un timore eccessivo o una repulsione per qualsiasi schema composto da figure geometriche molto ravvicinate fra loro. Queste figure possono essere buchi e piccoli rettangoli oppure cerchi convessi. La parola tripofobia significa letteralmente ‘paura dei buchi’.
Original Research Article; Pages 2013-2016; N. Millot, B. Xin, C. Pighini, D. Aymes Improving the synthesis and properties of SBT thin films by using SBT seeds. Original Research Article; Pages 2331-2335; G.G. Aguilar, M.E.V. Costa, I.M. SBT 2210 Introduction to Molecular Biology; SBT 2230 Introduction to Plant Morphogenesis SBT 2331 Plant taxonomy; SBT 2309 Phytochemistry; SBH 2202. Joseph Hill (22 January 1949 – 19 August 2006) was the lead singer and songwriter for the In October 2016, producer Donovan Germain announced that he was BNF: cb142704865 (data) · MusicBrainz: 5d79f1ae-2331-4eba- 90a2. 2016 Oct; 8(10): E1296–E1300. In patients with these criteria, a SBT of variable duration (30 to 120 min) is performed, with JAMA 2015;313:2331-9.
Ever wish you had 24/7 access to your Total Rewards information from your smartphone? NewYork-Presbyterian is proud to offer the NYP Total Rewards mobile app as a resource for our employees and their families. We want you to have the right tools and resources available to you so you can make informed health and benefits choices. The app is frequently updated so you always know what’s new with your NYP Total Rewards. Receive push notifications when important information is available. Plus, the app shows you helpful reminders so nothing gets lost in the shuffle. Total Rewards and benefits information can be hard to remember. Who administers my medical plan? How does prescription drug coverage work? When are enrollment meetings? The NYP Total Rewards app makes it easy to answer questions like this. The app is available 24/7, so you can access information when you need it.
In addition to finally seeing season 5 of "Dynasty" on region 1 DVD this summer, the fans of Joan Collins in North America will also be able to purchase the official DVDs of the mini-series she developed and starred in for CBS in 1986.
Both "Sins" (co-starring Timothy Dalton, Lauren Hutton, Gene Kelly, James Farentino, Neil Dickson and many others) and Monte Carlo (co-starring George Hamilton) will be out on region 1 DVD (by Olive Films) June 21, 2011.
Previously, the mini-series had only been available on region 2 DVD in Europe. "Sins" had also been distributed as free-of-charge DVD inset in Britain's Daily Mail newspaper and some of those copies are still available on eBay.
"Sins" is divided into 3 feature-length episodes (total running time 330 minutes), whereas "Monte Carlo" runs 188 minutes and it is divided into 2 feature-length episodes. Both collections will however be presented on 2 discs.
I bought "Monte Carlo" DVD a few years ago but they put the movie in single D9 Disc and the quality is not quite good. Hope this time the two disc release will be better.
Knowledge of self, others, and the world is an essential ingredient to being an effective advocate for global causes. That’s why education is an important part of our mission. We build learning and critical reflection into all of our programs. Below are four ways you can take action to learn about sustainable global development.
The best learning is hands-on. Build your career while learning about community development by working alongside staff in grassroots organizations in one of six countries. For open opportunities, click here.
FSD offers Group Service Trips to Africa, Asia, and Latin America for groups as small as six people. Every trip provides group members with orientation to culture and important issues in development. Your work alongside local community members will be supported and enhanced by daily reflection and discussion.
FSD powers the Circles.org platform for those interested in joining or starting giving circles and getting hands-on experience in intentional grantmaking. We also offer traveling giving circles for those that want to combine grantmaking with a chance to visit and learn from potential grantees first hand.
Visit our News & Resources Center for an ever-growing collection of news, resources, and perspectives about global development around the world. Join our community and join the conversation.
FSD is a US 501(c)(3) not-for-profit charitable organization in special consultative status with the UN's ECOSOC. ©2016
B of joy – Now it’s up to you - Now it’s up to you😍 https://bofjoy.net/ https://unitedpeople-foundation.org/en Sharing is appreciated😍 The post B of joy – Now it’s up to you appeared ...
MediPress – Health & Medical Respnsive HTML5 Template Created by ThemeMascot. This templates have specific characteristics, namely: MediPress is a library for Health & Medical with predefined web elements which helps you to build your own .
You can use this MediPress – Health & Medical Respnsive HTML5 Template on Site templates category for care, clinic, corporate, dental, dentist, doctor, fitness, health, health care, hospital, medical, medicine, pharmacy, professional, surgeon and another uses.
MediPress is a library for Health & Medical with predefined web elements which helps you to build your own site.
This theme is suitable for dental, doctor, care, clinic, corporate, dentist, health, pharmacy, health care, hospital, medical, medicine, fitness, professional, surgeon website.
MediPress theme has a fully responsive layout. It fits perfectly on various displays and resolutions from regular desktop screens to tablets, iPads, iPhones and small mobile devices.
It happens each day – a client receives a language solution from Lingvopedia in the form of professional language translation services, professional interpretation services, overseas translator recruitment services, multilingual typesetting services
It is not unusual to see clients coming to Lingvopedia to seek right language translation solutions. We are passionate about translation, a part of our routine services and we couldn’t be more happier about it.
Lingvopedia supports its clients for proofreading and editing their existing translations and also provides a fully managed professional translation services by the first linguist team with separate proofreading and editing services.
Translation in different languages looks cold and dry unless they are typeset rightly to convey a better meaning across all markets and cultures. For this, Lingvopedia offers Multilingual DTP services.
To make our client’s communications more channelized in the required foreign languages, Lingvopedia has a team of experienced foreign language interpreters, who consult them and transfer verbal meaning between languages.
Lingvopedia has a strong reputation for being a quality recruiter of bilingual and multilingual linguist for our own internal vacancies for providing services like translation, interpretation, multilingual DTP, multilingual voice-over, multilingual transcription, foreign language training and many more.
Lingvopedia has the foreign language expertise along with the multilingual voice talent that is needed to produce high-quality voice productions in various foreign languages for corporate presentations, websites products and services introductions.
Lingvopedia offers the highest quality subtitling services for TV programs, commercials, videos, DVDs, and web-only videos and webcasts through our network of experienced subtitle translators and video translators in over 60 major languages.
Lingvopedia’s qualified professional multilingual transcriptionists provide high-quality transcriptions for all audio and video recordings. Lingvopedia offers multilingual transcripts at a price you can afford for major Indian and Foreign languages in the following domains: Transcription from Audio: We transcribe audio analog to text and audio digital to text in the form of speeches, interviews, lectures, group discussions etc. for the following source formats – MP3, Tapes and Cassettes etc.
Lingvopedia amongst the leading foreign language solution companies in Delhi, India conducts corporate training programs for foreign language learning. With the support of a highly capable and devoted foreign language trainers, we hope to “do some great work” as we continue to build this exceptional business communication based module for the learning of foreign languages and its attached cultures.
A "Powerful Voice for Positive Change", Jamie Utt brings his inspirational talks to the Community March 5 & 6.
Navigation about living music living space curators events 2018 past support community thanks Gallery contact
BackStage Music has a new home! In 2018, join us in the laneways of Redfern. Woodburn Creatives is just a 5 min walk down Everleigh St from Redfern Station and there is even plenty of free parking in the area. We are excited to call this little pocket of Sydney, surrounded by art galleries, artist studios and cafes our BackStage home.
After years of living in Jerusalem, I decided to betray the city by moving to Tel Aviv.:-) In the meantime I returned to the Holy City. It is actually very good to be back in Jerusalem !!! Nevertheless, I am still writing about Jerusalem but also include many other places in Israel. Until some years ago, I was a Yeshiva (Michlalah) student. First with the national religious and later with the Litvishe. Also got in contact with Chassidut and this subject and lifestyle has never left me.
Sorry guys, by the time I’m writing this, I realized that mms.globe.com.ph is no longer accessible. However you can directly go to Globe Telecom main website.
Globe Telecom, commonly known as Globe, is a leading telecommunications company in the Philippines. Its mission is to transform and enrich lives through communications by way of its vision of making great things possible. Through Globe’s renewed commitment to “enriching lives through ease and relevance”, its goal is to enrich everyday communications by simplifying and removing obstacles in communication technology so that it brings its customers closer to what matters to them most. Globe strives to create and deliver products that are relevant to its customers’ needs and are easy to understand and use, and are delivered with warmth and knowledge.
I am sending you this comment regarding my payment on Globe Broadband Net in our place here in Mati, Davao Oriental.
On November 14, 2010 I was installed said net connection. A Php 500.00 installation fee was paid by us through you agent installer. After a month, we received Bill No. 1 amounting to Php 1,203.57 with billing period covering Nov. 14 to Nov. 15, 2010. Take note, just for one day we were charge with this amount. We did not received second billing notice but only 3rd notice with a billing period of 16Dec10 to 15Jan11. On April 2, 2011 we received Bill No. 5 with a total amount due of 2,385.00. Please take note that we made two previous payments on Dec 6 2010 and Feb 22, 2011.
With this, I am convince that there is an error of billing period charge as stated above. Kindly send through mail an statement of account to clarify the matter.
Updates: July 2013 If you're one of the Tigo customer, you may arrive here because you wanted to view your...
Malaysian Sugar Mama in Kuala Lumpur wants your phone contacts We have received another. Just give us a try as well as give yourself a..
Click the Symbol link or to view Stock Today. To view a chart select . Select underlined company name or to view Company Snapshot. To view Estimate Snapshot select . To view Company News select for latest 24 hours news or to view all available news for the company. To order Free Annual Reports for selected companies select the icon. To view Current Surprises select
Enter a partial name to find a company or index that "Begins with" or "Contains" a match for your entry. Select "Find primary symbol" to search for the company's most frequently traded security. Select "Find all symbols" to view all securities issued by the company.
We develop a work with qualitative concrete, aiming at the safety of the work and beauty on each surface that is coated. We are one of the largest companies in the concreting business. We operate with machined concrete production. We have 100% automated concrete plants, with the best equipment available in the market.
As we constantly strive for excellence, we have been able to serve high demand concrete services. We work in arenas, stadiums, pavements, in new works and maintenance or repair of surfaces, making various types of coatings, either with concrete or epoxy.
When contacting us, it will be scheduled for one of our specialists to get to know the project better. We offer Free Consultation. At that moment the professional will make a verification of the environment of application of the material so that the condition of the area can be well evaluated.
The space will be measured and from there, the customer will be able to know several samples for the decision making. The price of paving and concreting work is done on the spot.
When choosing the type of paving to be done, the customer will receive a contract confirmation of the order and a schedule for the date of execution of the concreting service will be determined.
Our company is worried about doing the best job, so before we start with the paving service, the customer receives a call so the project can be started.
With about 2 to 3 days, the design is completed, depending on the coating system chosen and the floor conditions.
Backed by a modern infrastructural base, expertise of our in-house engineers, and rich experience, we have established our presence as the most reliable manufacturer and supplier of Carton Sealer with Auto Flap Closure. It is manufactured using top quality components that are procured from the certified vendors. This is used for sealing of small and standard sized cartoon in different industries such as food, beverages, chemical and hardware. Clients can avail our offered Carton Sealer with Auto Flap Closure from us at a reasonable rate.
Find out why our dealerships have won DealerRater.com DEALER OF THE YEAR a whopping 10 TIMES! Call, email, or live chat with one of our friendly sales professionals now to schedule your test drive!
* Based on 2018 EPA mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary depending on driving conditions, how you drive and maintain your vehicle, battery-pack age/condition, and other factors.
** MPG estimates are based on 2018 EPA mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle, driving conditions and other factors.
Every Autumn, my family would make a pilgrimage to Wilcklow Orchards in New Paltz, NY. We’d spend the day hiking through rows of apple trees, sampling the different varieties (for quality control, of course), and procuring enough apples to ensure that my mother could bake enough pies to see us through to the new year. It’s no surprise to me (and probably not to my loyal readers) that apple pie is one of the heroes of my new book, Little Elliot, Fall Friends.
Fall Friends, the fourth book in the Little Elliot series, came out the same day as All the Way to Havana, but I wanted to wait to talk about it so that I had proper time to reflect on each book. In All the Way to Havana, we go on a trip from the countryside to the city, while in Fall Friends, we journey from the city to the countryside. Elliot and Mouse travel to the country for a reprieve from urban life, where they experience all the delights of the fall season. During a spirited game of hide-and-seek, Elliot is suddenly lost. The day is saved due to a combined effort by Mouse’s savvy, the kindness of strangers, Elliot’s instincts, and a piping hot apple pie in a window.
Until very recently, I lived in large cities for my entire adult life. Like Elliot, my days were filled with weaving through the busy sidewalks trying not to get stepped on in the pursuit of finding that perfect cupcake. But some days, the city can be a bit much. No matter where we live, it’s good to get out of our bubble, and every city dweller will find themselves in need of fresh air and quiet (though some of us prefer a private beach resort over a bumpy country road, but still!). Sometimes, we are able to travel to a place that’s so different that it can overwhelm us in unexpected ways. While it can be exhilarating going to a completely different place, it can also be scary. You leave your familiar world behind, and you’re left vulnerable. In a way, you lose yourself. But through this act of casting off your identity and being immersed in another world, you can find a whole new part of yourself that you never knew existed.
In these divisive times, it’s important to remember that there are many places and people outside of where you’re from. There’s a growing rift between city and country in America, and I am hoping to reach out to our friendly country neighbors via my polka-dotted urban ambassador. Both places have much to offer, and there exists great potential for many friendships if people are willing to be vulnerable, experience different communities, and meet different people.
Please visit my website to order your copy of Little Elliot, Fall Friends, read reviews, download the activity sheet, and more! Join me at Books of Wonder in NYC on Sunday, October 1, from 1-3PM for the book release party, or check out my events page to see where I’ll be presenting next.
Be the first to hear about our latest launches. Never miss out on exciting offers and competitions and gain expert advice for looking red carpet ready
Photographs are available for sale in many sizes, and as greetings cards. More information is on the Buy Photos page.
All the buildings have turf roofs, including a tiny wooden church dating back to 1200. It was abandoned in 1968 after the death of the owner who was the postman and a guide for crossing the treacherous local river. Bridges only came to the south coast in 1974.
I was very sad to learn that John Ptak the husband of my friend Patti Digh, has been struck with cancer. Patti’s response to this, as to so many of the curve balls life throws her, has been extraordinary.
As John is uninsured in the American healthcare system, they have set up a fundraising page to help cover the horrendous costs. At least it gave me a practical way to try to help.
Responsibility is a verb. Some of us have to go to work to pay for health insurance for ourselves and our families. What do they do? Not bother and go about their merry way until something goes wrong and then a big oops. This is why people should get fined for not having health insurance. Where does their money go? How does the daughter pay for an apartment all summer while working serving tables? What was John doing that prevented him from getting a job and pay for health insurance. They’re both educated enough. What stopped them from caring for their family enough so that they could pay for their own health care. How crazy is that? So a nice fine 100,000 get’s raised. Where has it gone? Kidney surgery and all it entails? Let’s list that at 60,000 tops and that’s being generous. Fancy organic food, nutritionists for the whole family, new haircuts for Patti, spa days for the girls, vacations booked, those fancy new boots. The list goes on. How about some limits on spending and get saving to pay for your own health care? We all have to do it. It’s part of being a responsible adult. Responsibility is a verb. We don’t live in a society where you can just live like this and now pay for it in the end. Step up and stop spending unless you can afford it. If you can’t afford health insurance, you can’t afford spa days and new boots and fancy organic food. It’s simple math. Your youngest will teach you.
Yes, I gave $50 for John. I don’t earn much but I am OK. I work 50 hours a week to raise my family and provide health care. That makes me a lucky one. But, we don’t have vacations, we can’t afford organic, no spas, or cute boots. I don’t like seeing my $50 stamped as a picture of Patti’s new boots that you don’t need. People who can’t afford health insurance don’t do that. I didn’t need cute new boots which is why I gave $50. If I got my $50 back would I buy cute new boots? No. Would I buy my daughter cute new boots? No. It would go towards next month’s bills so everything would be a little lighter.
Archives Select Month September 2018 (1) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (1) April 2018 (2) January 2018 (1) June 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (1) February 2017 (2) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (6) September 2016 (6) August 2016 (2) July 2016 (3) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (9) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (3) December 2015 (3) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (4) September 2015 (3) August 2015 (6) July 2015 (5) June 2015 (7) May 2015 (3) April 2015 (4) February 2015 (2) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (1) October 2014 (5) August 2014 (6) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (3) March 2014 (8) February 2014 (13) January 2014 (17) December 2013 (7) November 2013 (13) October 2013 (13) September 2013 (4) August 2013 (5) July 2013 (8) June 2013 (5) May 2013 (11) April 2013 (14) March 2013 (10) February 2013 (20) January 2013 (26) December 2012 (7) November 2012 (15) October 2012 (14) September 2012 (16) August 2012 (18) July 2012 (5) June 2012 (11) May 2012 (12) April 2012 (15) March 2012 (30) February 2012 (6) January 2012 (9) December 2011 (6) November 2011 (10) October 2011 (9) September 2011 (13) August 2011 (36) July 2011 (18) June 2011 (15) May 2011 (21) April 2011 (16) March 2011 (23) February 2011 (22) January 2011 (31) December 2010 (33) November 2010 (33) October 2010 (38) September 2010 (34) August 2010 (54) July 2010 (23) June 2010 (21) May 2010 (31) April 2010 (37) March 2010 (41) February 2010 (21) January 2010 (21) December 2009 (19) November 2009 (22) October 2009 (38) September 2009 (21) August 2009 (16) July 2009 (18) June 2009 (6) May 2009 (5) April 2009 (9) March 2009 (26) February 2009 (21) January 2009 (12) December 2008 (7) November 2008 (14) October 2008 (12) September 2008 (18) August 2008 (5) July 2008 (32) June 2008 (21) May 2008 (16) April 2008 (20) March 2008 (21) February 2008 (25) January 2008 (29) December 2007 (18) November 2007 (18) October 2007 (30) September 2007 (17) August 2007 (22) July 2007 (18) June 2007 (17) May 2007 (22) April 2007 (72) March 2007 (35) February 2007 (33) January 2007 (37) December 2006 (15) November 2006 (15) October 2006 (29) September 2006 (12) August 2006 (17) July 2006 (21) June 2006 (37) May 2006 (22) April 2006 (30) March 2006 (38) February 2006 (47) January 2006 (42) December 2005 (27) November 2005 (34) October 2005 (22) September 2005 (40) August 2005 (20) July 2005 (42) June 2005 (40) May 2005 (50) April 2005 (61) March 2005 (66) February 2005 (54) January 2005 (104) December 2004 (52) November 2004 (37) October 2004 (29) September 2004 (55) August 2004 (34) July 2004 (25) June 2004 (21) May 2004 (39) April 2004 (36) March 2004 (23) February 2004 (15) January 2004 (30) December 2003 (26) November 2003 (32) October 2003 (17) September 2003 (19) August 2003 (9)
If you have done any reading at all about Cancun, you will have seen many maps showing all the hotels in the hotel zone. However, this is not particularly useful because you are only staying in one hotel, and probably will not dine much or at all at other hotels.
All you need to decide is which hotel to stay at, and for this decision it's much more useful to know where things like shops, restaurants, and marinas are. For this information, see my map of the hotel zone.
For a general sense of the attractions of different parts of the hotel zone, see the discussions of the middle and upper hotel zone in the section about walking.
If you want some peace and quiet, still within walking distance of restaurants and shopping, stay in the middle part of the hotel zone.
If you really want to get away from it all, stay in the southern part of the hotel zone. You may want to take taxis everywhere or rent a car though, as it's a long bus ride to the hot spots.
Shop is happening this Thursday December 7th: 8am at Canadian Tire Lansdowne; 10am Walmart; pizza luncheon back at office at noon with presentation from Salvation Army. Lunch courtesy of Peterborough This Week
Saturday December 9th – Toy Drop – be at office at 10am with friends and family if you like to help out
December 19th – noon – Christmas Pot Luck and Gift Exchange – please bring an anonymous gift at a $20-25 value
We help improve theQuality of Lifeof our million customers by giving them the chance to own brand-name furniture, electronics, appliances and computers without the hassle or burden of credit cards.
We help improve theQuality of Lifeof our 19,000 coworkers by rewarding their hard work & commitment with long, rewarding careers.
Rent-A-Center is the world leader in the rent-to-own industry, with more than 3,000 stores across the country and global expansion underway in Canada and Mexico. We''re financially strong and geared up for an exciting future of continued growth, profitability and opportunities for every coworker.
We are looking for a talented, career-oriented Customer Account Representative to join our team and take great care of our customers'' product, payment and service needs.
Top performing Customer Account Representatives will get their careers going by earning a promotion to Assistant Manager!
In addition to great career opportunities, our Customer Account Representatives'' Quality of Life is improved by:
Search: calendar of events clubs & organizations community services fine arts forms handbook locations news publications school staff sports
Southern State Parkway to Exit 19 South (Peninsula Blvd., South). Stay on Peninsula Blvd. for approx. 7 miles to Rockaway Turnpike. Go across Rockaway Turnpike to Route 878 (Nassau Expressway) (shopping mall is on your left). Make left turn onto Rt. 878.
**Follow Rt. 878 to Wanser Avenue and make a left turn onto Wanser Avenue. You will see the front of the school building on your right-hand side.
Belt Parkway to Exit 19 (Nassau Expressway). Nassau Expressway becomes Rockaway Blvd. (name then changes to Rockaway Turnpike). Just after passing Costco store, bear right onto Route 878.
Long Island Expressway or Grand Central Parkway to Van Wyck Expressway South. Take Exit 1A-Nassau Expressway (exit is on left). Follow signs to Nassau Expressway. Stay on Nassau Expressway which turns into Rockaway Blvd., and then into Rockaway Turnpike Just after passing Costco store, bear right onto Route 878.
More generally, more interaction will be done with others remotely. On the opposite end of the age spectrum, young adults who have been harassed were
3) "If I meet someone offline and their appearance looks nothing like the photo in their profile, they are required to buy me drinks until
Technical Specs, runtime: 60 min Color: Color See full technical specs » Edit Did You Know? Season 9 Episode 12, trouble in Paradise, season
Third-quarter 2018 adjusted operating earnings 1 of $0.84 per diluted share, after-tax; Normalized for the following items, third-quarter 2018 adjusted operating earnings were $1.34 per diluted share, after-tax:
$(0.70) per diluted share, after-tax, of unfavorable deferred acquisition costs and value of business acquired (“DAC/VOBA”) and other intangibles unlocking — unfavorable annual assumption updates in Individual Life were partially offset by favorable assumption updates in Retirement and the company's legacy annuities in Corporate; and
$0.20 per diluted share, after-tax and DAC/VOBA, of prepayment fees and alternative investment income above the company’s long-term expectations.
Retaining the block provides value to shareholders, including earnings and capital diversification and at least $1 billion of expected free cash flow from Individual Life over the next five to six years
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Voya Financial, Inc. (NYSE: VOYA) today announced financial results for the third quarter of 2018.
“During the third quarter, we continued to make strong progress on our 2018 priorities,” said Rodney O. Martin, Jr., chairman and CEO, Voya Financial, Inc. “Our commitment to achieving our growth plans this year was demonstrated in the third quarter by positive net flows in both Retirement and Investment Management and an increase in annualized in-force premiums in Employee Benefits. We also generated strong bottom-line results. Excluding the negative impact of DAC/VOBA and other intangibles unlocking and the benefit of prepayment fees and alternative investment income above our long-term expectations, normalized third-quarter 2018 adjusted operating earnings were $1.34 per diluted share, after-tax. This demonstrates our commitment to improving our adjusted operating earnings per share to reach $1.30 to $1.40 per share by the end of the second quarter of 2019.
"In addition to organic growth, we continued to execute on our capital initiatives as we repurchased $250 million of common stock in the third quarter. We also received an additional share repurchase authorization of $500 million from the board of directors, which will enable us to continue to deliver further shareholder value through share repurchases. Finally, we continued to focus on achieving cost savings and began to take actions to lower our debt-to-capital ratio by the end of this year.
“We are looking forward to our upcoming Investor Day on Nov. 13, when we'll share our long-term growth plans and opportunities to build upon the profitable growth we've achieved over the past several years, generate further shareholder value, expand our relationships with our customers, and achieve our vision to be America's Retirement Company,” added Martin.
Voya also announced today that the company has concluded the strategic review of its Individual Life business. The company will cease all new sales of individual life insurance on Dec. 31, 2018 and retain the in-force block of policies.
“Following the sale of substantially all of our individual annuities businesses earlier this year, we conducted a thorough review of our Individual Life business to determine the best path forward. We carefully considered our broader, go-forward strategy of largely focusing on the workplace and institutional clients, analyzed the options available to us, and concluded that ceasing new sales aligns with our plans to focus on our higher-growth, higher-return, capital-light businesses: Retirement, Investment Management and Employee Benefits,” said Martin.
“Further, continuing to own the in-force block will benefit shareholders in that it will provide earnings and capital diversification and generate higher free cash flows. Specifically, we expect our Individual Life business to increase free cash flow conversion to 70% to 80% and generate meaningful free cash flow of at least $1 billion over the next five to six years.
“Voya will continue to be good stewards of shareholder capital. As we have over the past several years, we will continue to explore and pursue opportunities to maximize the value of our in-force life insurance business,” concluded Martin.
Voya will continue to report its Individual Life segment financial results as part of the company’s adjusted operating earnings.
1 This press release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures, including adjusted operating earnings and book value, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income. More information on non-GAAP measures and reconciliations to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measures can be found in the “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section of this release and in the company’s Quarterly Investor Supplement.
Net income available to common shareholders for the third quarter of 2018 was $142 million, or $0.87 per diluted share, compared with $149 million, or $0.81 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2017. The improvement on a per-share basis reflects the company's share repurchases. Total third-quarter 2018 net income available to common shareholders was lower due to higher income from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2018 being more than offset by the benefit of income from discontinued operations in the third quarter of 2017.
Adjusted operating earnings for the third quarter of 2018 were $139 million, or $0.84 per diluted share, after-tax, up from $29 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, after-tax, in the third quarter of 2017. The increase was largely due to third-quarter 2018 results having lower negative DAC/VOBA and other intangibles unlocking, higher alternative investment income, lower expenses and higher fee-based margins.
Continued execution of the company's 2018 priorities, including growth, capital and cost saving initiatives.
Repurchased $250 million of Voya common stock during the third quarter — the company plans to purchase an additional $250 million of common stock in the fourth quarter and deliver on its previously announced plan in December 2017 to repurchase $1.5 billion in shares by the end of 2018.
Issued $325 million of preferred shares in the third quarter, the proceeds of which will be utilized to reduce outstanding senior debt by $325 million in the fourth quarter of 2018.
Pro-forma for the expected debt repurchase in the fourth quarter of 2018, excess capital was $813 million as of Sept. 30, 2018.
Retirement achieved record adjusted operating earnings (excluding DAC/VOBA and other intangibles unlocking) of $203 million, largely driven by strong prepayment fees and alternative investment income as well as higher fee-based margins. Retirement Full Service recurring deposits were $2.3 billion, and Full Service net flows were $99 million in the third quarter.
Investment Management reported $48 million of adjusted operating earnings and generated $1.4 billion of Institutional net flows, reflecting strong commercial growth in the business. Third-party sales were $5.5 billion during the quarter, and third-party AUM grew to $155 billion as of Sept. 30, 2018.
Employee Benefits generated adjusted operating earnings of $50 million, including underwriting results that reflect an improved loss ratio for Stop Loss. Annualized in-force premiums increased 2% compared with the third quarter of 2017, reflecting both continued pricing discipline and a strong increase in the Voluntary business.
The following segment discussions compare the third quarter of 2018 with the third quarter of 2017, unless otherwise noted. All figures are presented before income taxes.
Retirement adjusted operating earnings were $253 million, up from $107 million. The increase was largely due to:
$50 million of positive DAC/VOBA and other intangibles unlocking in the third quarter of 2018 compared with $44 million of negative DAC/VOBA and other intangibles unlocking in the third quarter of 2017;
$35 million of higher fee-based margin primarily due to higher average AUM (driven by both equity market and business growth) as well as the benefit of fees from the movement of certain investment-only products to Retirement from Corporate;
$33 million of higher investment income, including prepayment fee and alternative investment income that was, in aggregate, $27 million above the company's long-term expectations (before the effect of income taxes and DAC) in the third quarter of 2018; and
$20 million of higher administrative expenses largely due to the movement of certain investment-only products and strategic investment spending to Retirement from Corporate.
Investment Management adjusted operating earnings were $48 million, compared with $54 million. The decline was largely due to:
$6 million of lower fee-based revenues as smaller general account average AUM resulting from the company's June 1, 2018 sale of substantially all of its annuities businesses was partially offset by growth in third-party management fees (driven by positive net flows and higher third-party AUM);
$3 million of higher investment capital revenues, which were also $3 million above long-term expectations in the third quarter of 2018; and
$3 million of higher expenses primarily due to higher volume expenses associated with higher revenue.
Total Investment Management AUM grew to $210 billion as of Sept. 30, 2018, up from $207 billion as of June 30, 2018. The decline from Sept. 30, 2017 reflects the sale of substantially all of the company's individual annuities business on June 1, 2018. During the third quarter of 2018, Investment Management net inflows of $477 million were driven by strong Institutional net flows of $1.4 billion, primarily from fixed income asset classes.
Employee Benefits adjusted operating earnings were $50 million, down from $58 million. The decline was largely due to:
$5 million of lower underwriting results due to a non-recurring favorable reserve adjustment of $25 million in the third quarter of 2017 — adjusting for the reserve change, underwriting results improved by $20 million due to improvement in the loss ratio for Stop Loss and growth in the Voluntary block, which were partially offset by a higher Group Life loss ratio;
$2 million of higher investment income, including prepayment fee and alternative investment income that was, in aggregate, $2 million above the company's long-term expectations (before the effect of income taxes and DAC) in the third quarter of 2018.
Compared with the third quarter of 2017, total Employee Benefits in-force premiums increased 2%, reflecting strong growth in Voluntary premiums and continued pricing discipline in Stop Loss. During the third quarter of 2018, the Stop Loss and Group Life loss ratios were within the company's targeted annual range of 77-80%.
Individual Life adjusted operating earnings were $(134) million compared with $(66) million. The higher loss was due to:
$57 million of higher negative DAC/VOBA and other intangibles unlocking driven by assumption changes, primarily related to increased expected cost of reinsurance;
$11 million of higher investment income, including prepayment fee and alternative investment income that was, in aggregate, $10 million above the company's long-term expectations (before the effect of income taxes and DAC) in the third quarter of 2018; and
$4 million of higher administrative expenses due to the reallocation of strategic investment spending from Corporate into the business segments.
Total Individual Life sales, which primarily consist of indexed life insurance, were $20 million, up from $18 million.
Corporate adjusted operating losses were $(54) million, including $5 million of positive DAC/VOBA and other intangibles unlocking, compared with losses of $(110) million. The improvement was largely due to the reallocation of strategic investment spending into the business segments, revenue from the company's transition service agreements associated with the sale of substantially all of its individual annuities businesses on June 1, 2018, and higher earnings from the company's legacy annuities business.
In the third quarter of 2018, Voya repurchased 5,056,422 shares of its common stock at an average price per share of $49.44 for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $250 million.
The company announced today that its board of directors has increased the amount of the company’s common stock authorized for repurchase under the company’s share repurchase program by an additional $500 million. This additional authorization increases the aggregate amount available under the company’s share repurchase authorization to approximately $761 million as of Sept. 30, 2018. Under its share repurchase program, the company may, from time to time, purchase shares of its common stock through various means, including open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase, or automatic repurchase transactions, or tender offers. The additional $500 million share repurchase authorization expires on Dec. 31, 2019 (unless extended), and does not obligate the company to purchase any shares. The authorization for the share repurchase program may be terminated, increased or decreased by the board of directors at any time.
More detailed financial information can be found in the company’s Quarterly Investor Supplement, which is available on Voya’s investor relations website, investors.voya.com.
Voya will host a conference call on Wed., Oct. 31, 2018, at 10 a.m. ET, to discuss the company’s third-quarter 2018 results. The call and slide presentation can be accessed via the company’s investor relations website at investors.voya.com. A replay of the call will be available on the company’s investor relations website at investors.voya.com starting at 1 p.m. ET on Oct. 31, 2018.
Voya Financial, Inc. (NYSE: VOYA), helps Americans plan, invest and protect their savings — to get ready to retire better. Serving the financial needs of approximately 14.3 million individual and institutional customers in the United States, Voya is a Fortune 500 company that had $8.6 billion in revenue in 2017. The company had $543 billion in total assets under management and administration as of Sept. 30, 2018. With a clear mission to make a secure financial future possible — one person, one family, one institution at a time — Voya’s vision is to be America’s Retirement Company®. Certified as a “Great Place to Work” by the Great Place to Work® Institute, Voya is equally committed to conducting business in a way that is socially, environmentally, economically and ethically responsible. Voya has been recognized as one of the 2018 World’s Most Ethical Companies® by the Ethisphere Institute, one of the 2018 World’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune magazine and one of the Top Green Companies in the U.S. by Newsweek magazine. For more information, visit voya.com. Follow Voya Financial on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter @Voya.
Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes is a measure used to evaluate segment performance. We believe that Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes provides a meaningful measure of its business and segment performances and enhances the understanding of our financial results by focusing on the operating performance and trends of the underlying business segments and excluding items that tend to be highly variable from period to period based on capital market conditions and/or other factors. We use the same accounting policies and procedures to measure segment Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes as we do for the directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes.
Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes does not replace Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes as the comparable U.S. GAAP measure of our consolidated results of operations. Therefore, we believe that it is useful to evaluate both Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes when reviewing our financial and operating performance. Each segment’s Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes is calculated by adjusting Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes for the following items:
Net investment gains (losses), net of related amortization of DAC, VOBA, sales inducements and unearned revenue, which are significantly influenced by economic and market conditions, including interest rates and credit spreads, and are not indicative of normal operations. Net investment gains (losses) include gains (losses) on the sale of securities, impairments, changes in the fair value of investments using the FVO unrelated to the implied loan-backed security income recognition for certain mortgage-backed obligations and changes in the fair value of derivative instruments, excluding realized gains (losses) associated with swap settlements and accrued interest;
Net guaranteed benefit hedging gains (losses), which are significantly influenced by economic and market conditions and are not indicative of normal operations, include changes in the fair value of derivatives related to guaranteed benefits, net of related reserve increases (decreases) and net of related amortization of DAC, VOBA and sales inducements, less the estimated cost of these benefits. The estimated cost, which is reflected in operating results, reflects the expected cost of these benefits if markets perform in line with our long-term expectations and includes the cost of hedging. Other derivative and reserve changes related to guaranteed benefits are excluded from operating results, including the impacts related to changes in nonperformance spread;
Income (loss) related to businesses exited through reinsurance or divestment that do not qualify as discontinued operations, which includes gains and (losses) associated with transactions to exit blocks of business (including net investment gains (losses) on securities sold and expenses directly related to these transactions) and residual run-off activity; these gains and (losses) are often related to infrequent events and do not reflect performance of operating segments. Excluding this activity better reveals trends in our core business, which would be obscured by including the effects of business exited, and more closely aligns Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes with how we manages our segments;
Income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest, which represents the interest of shareholders, other than those of Voya Financial, Inc., in the gains and (losses) of consolidated entities, or the attribution of results from consolidated VIEs or VOEs to which we are not economically entitled;
Income (loss) related to early extinguishment of debt, which includes losses incurred as a result of transactions where we repurchase outstanding principal amounts of debt; these losses are excluded from Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes since the outcome of decisions to restructure debt are not indicative of normal operations;
Impairment of goodwill, value of management contract rights and value of customer relationships acquired, which includes losses as a result of impairment analysis; these represent losses related to infrequent events and do not reflect normal, cash-settled expenses;
Immediate recognition of net actuarial gains (losses) related to our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and gains (losses) from plan amendments and curtailments, which includes actuarial gains and losses as a result of differences between actual and expected experience on pension plan assets or projected benefit obligation during a given period. We immediately recognize actuarial gains and (losses) related to pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and gains and losses from plan adjustments and curtailments. These amounts do not reflect normal, cash-settled expenses and are not indicative of current Operating expense fundamentals; and
Other items not indicative of normal operations or performance of our segments or may be related to infrequent events including capital or organizational restructurings including certain costs related to debt and equity offerings as well as stock and/or cash based deal contingent awards; expenses associated with the rebranding of Voya Financial, Inc.; severance and other third-party expenses associated with restructuring. These items vary widely in timing, scope and frequency between periods as well as between companies to which we are compared. Accordingly, we adjust for these items as we believe that these items distort the ability to make a meaningful evaluation of the current and future performance of our segments. Additionally, with respect to restructuring, these costs represent changes in operations rather than investments in the future capabilities of our operating businesses.
Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes for Corporate includes Net investment gains (losses) and Net guaranteed benefit hedging gains (losses) associated with the Retained Business in periods prior to 2018. These retained amounts are insignificant and do not distort the ability to make a meaningful evaluation of the trends of Corporate activities.
Income (loss) related to businesses exited through reinsurance or divestment (including net investment gains (losses) on securities sold and expenses directly related to these transactions) is excluded from the results of operations from Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes. When we present the adjustments to Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes on a consolidated basis, each adjustment excludes the relative portions attributable to businesses exited through reinsurance or divestment.
The most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure to Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes is Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes. For a reconciliation of Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes to Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, see the tables that accompany this release, as well as our Quarterly Investor Supplement.
Adjusted operating earnings - excluding unlocking is also a non-GAAP financial measure. This measure excludes from Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes the following items:
The net gains included in Adjusted operating earnings from a distribution of cash and securities in conjunction with a Lehman Brothers bankruptcy settlement ("Lehman Recovery"), and losses as a result of the decision to dispose of certain Low Income Housing Tax Credit partnerships ("LIHTC") as a mean of exiting this asset class.
Because DAC/VOBA and other intangibles unlocking can be volatile, excluding the effect of this item can improve period to period comparability. The net gain from the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy settlement and loss from the disposition of low-income housing tax credit partnerships affected run-rate results and we believe that this effect is not reflective of our ongoing performance. .
In addition to Net income (loss) per common share, we report Adjusted operating earnings per common share (diluted) because we believe that Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes provides a meaningful measure of its business and segment performances and enhances the understanding of our financial results by focusing on the operating performance and trends of the underlying business segments and excluding items that tend to be highly variable from period to period based on capital market conditions and/or other factors.
In addition to book value per common share including Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI), we also report book value per common share excluding AOCI and shareholders' equity excluding AOCI and preferred stock. Included in AOCI are investment portfolio unrealized gains or losses. In the ordinary course of business we do not plan to sell most investments for the sole purpose of realizing gains or losses, and book value per common share excluding AOCI and common shareholders' equity excluding AOCI provide a measure consistent with that view. The Adjusted debt to capital ratio includes a 25% equity treatment afforded to subordinated debt, 100% equity treatment afforded to preferred stock and excludes AOCI.
For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures, refer to the tables that accompany this release, as well as our Quarterly Investor Supplement.
We analyze our segment performance based on the sources of earnings. We believe this supplemental information is useful in order to gain a better understanding of our Adjusted operating earnings before income taxes for the following reasons: (1) we analyze our business using this information and (2) this presentation can be helpful for investors to understand the main drivers of Adjusted operating earnings (loss) before income taxes. The sources of earnings are defined as such:
Investment spread and other investment income consists of net investment income and net realized investment gains (losses) associated with swap settlements and accrued interest, less interest credited to policyholder reserves.
Fee based margin consists primarily of fees earned on assets under management ("AUM"), assets under administration ("AUA"), and transaction based recordkeeping fees.
Net underwriting gain (loss) and other revenue contains the following: the difference between fees charged for insurance risks and incurred benefits, including mortality, morbidity, and surrender results, contractual charges for universal life and annuity contracts, the change in the unearned revenue reserve for universal life contracts, and that portion of traditional life insurance premiums intended to cover expenses and profits. Certain contract charges for universal life insurance are not recognized in income immediately, but are deferred as unearned revenues and are amortized into income in a manner similar to the amortization of DAC.
Administrative expenses are general expenses, net of amounts capitalized as acquisition expenses and exclude commission expenses and fees on letters of credit.
For a detail explanation of DAC/VOBA and other intangibles amortization/unlocking refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
More details on these sources of earnings can be found in Voya Financial’s Quarterly Investor Supplement, which is available on Voya Financial’s investor relations website, investors.voya.com.
This press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to future developments in our business or expectations for our future financial performance and any statement not involving a historical fact. Forward-looking statements use words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. Actual results, performance or events may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement due to, among other things, (i) general economic conditions, particularly economic conditions in our core markets, (ii) performance of financial markets, including emerging markets, (iii) the frequency and severity of insured loss events, (iv) mortality and morbidity levels, (v) persistency and lapse levels, (vi) interest rates, (vii) currency exchange rates, (viii) general competitive factors, (ix) changes in laws and regulations, such as those relating to Federal taxation, state insurance regulations and NAIC regulations and guidelines, including those affecting reserve requirements for variable annuity policies and the use of and possible application of NAIC accreditation standards to captive reinsurance entities, those made pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and the U.S. Department of Labor’s final rules and exemptions pertaining to the fiduciary status of providers of investment advice, or any amendments thereto, (x) changes in the policies of governments and/or regulatory authorities, and (xi) our ability to successfully manage the separation of Venerable, including the transition services, on the expected timeline and economic terms. Factors that may cause actual results to differ from those in any forward-looking statement also include those described under “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition - Trends and Uncertainties” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2017, which the company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Feb. 23, 2018 and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended Sept. 30, 2018, which the company expects to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before Nov. 9, 2018.
Reconciliation of Fully Diluted Weighted Average Shares to Adjusted Operating Diluted Weighted Average Shares
(1) Voya Financial assumes a 32% tax rate on adjusted operating earnings and all components of adjusted operating earnings described as "after tax" for 2017. For 2018, the adjusted operating effective tax rate is based on the actual income tax expense for the current period related to Income (loss) from continuing operations, adjusted for estimated taxes on non-operating items and non-operating tax impacts, such as those related to restructuring, changes in a tax valuation allowance and changes to tax law, including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. A 35% tax rate is applied to all non-operating items in 2017 and 21% in 2018. The 32% tax rate for 2017 adjusted operating earnings and components reflects the estimated benefit of the dividend received deduction related to the company's Retirement, Investment Management, Employee Benefits and Individual Life segments.
(2) “Other adjustments” consists of net guaranteed benefit hedging gains (losses) and related charges and adjustments; income (loss) from business exited; immediate recognition of net actuarial gains (losses) related to pension and other post-retirement benefit obligations and gains (losses) from plan amendments and curtailments; expenses associated with the rebranding of Voya Financial from ING U.S.; and restructuring expenses (severance, lease write-offs, etc.).
(1) In our Investment Management business, adjusted operating margin excluding Investment Capital results is reported because results from Investment Capital can be volatile and excluding the effect of this item can improve period-to-period comparability.
Image Title: Small White Dining Table Buy The Round With Designs 1. Filename: small-white-dining-table-buy-the-round-with-designs-1.jpg. Image Dimension: 585 x 329 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Hillard Swift. Uploaded Date: Thursday - May 03rd. 2018 20:59:11 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: homedsgn.com.
Tap The Thumbnail Bellow to See Related Gallery of "Small White Dining Table Buy The Round With Designs 1"
The form Audio-visual aids represents a specific category or genre of resources found in Cleveland Public Library.
Teaching literacy in the digital age : inspiration for all levels and literacies, edited by Mark Gura
Western Oklahoma Delaware, by Dallas Ann Dennis with Gladys B. Yackeyonny and Margaret Ellis Farrow, (sound recording)
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Dover Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The place Beverly Hills, CA. represents a specific geographic location related to resources found in Dunstable Free Public Library.
Avatar., Twentieth Centuy Fox presents a James Cameron film ; produced by James Cameron, Jon Landau ; written and directed by James Cameron
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Dunstable Free Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The temporal indicator of 1981- represents a chronological context associated with resources found in Georgetown Peabody Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Georgetown Peabody Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The event 1937-2004 represents a publication, printing, distribution, issue, release or production of resources found in City Libraries, City of Gold Coast.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by City Libraries, City of Gold Coast. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The topic 1875- represents a specific aggregation or gathering of resources found in Laredo Public Library.
The series A to Z mysteries, R represents a set of related resources, especially of a specified kind, found in Leroy-Ostrander Schools.
The person Charles, Josh represents an individual (alive, dead, undead, or fictional) associated with resources found in LINCC (Libraries in Clackamas County).
The family Khan family represents a social unit related by birth, marriage, adoption, or civil union that is associated with resources found in Markham Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Markham Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The series Ascendance trilogy represents a set of related resources, especially of a specified kind, found in Milton Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Milton Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The list Anthony Awards: Best First Novel represents an ordered or unordered set of connected resources found in Mitchell Community Public Library.
The World Mystery Convention confers the Anthony Awards each fall at Bouchercon, a convention for fans of mystery writing. The names of the award and the conference honor Anthony Boucher, pen name of William Anthony Parker White, an eminent critic and mystery writer
The person  Unknown Label represents an individual (alive, dead, undead, or fictional) associated with resources found in Mitchell Community Public Library.
The concept Actresses -- United States represents the subject, aboutness, idea or notion of resources found in Monon Town and Township Public Library.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Monon Town and Township Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The category Complex represents a particular shared characteristics associated with resources found in Monon Town and Township Public Library.
Intriguing and complicated, these multi-dimensional characters have conflicting motivations and desires.
A strangeness in my mind : being the adventures and dreams of Mevlut Karata, a seller of boza, and of his friends, and a portrait of life in Istanbul between 1969 and 2012 from many different points of view, Orhan Pamuk ; translated from the Turkish by Ekin Oklap
trueA strangeness in my mind : being the adventures and dreams of Mevlut Karata, a seller of boza, and of his friends, and a portrait of life in Istanbul between 1969 and 2012 from many different points of view
The work A Cedar Cove Christmas represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Pike County Public Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
After a comedy of errors on Christmas Eve, a five-month pregnant woman, traveling to Cedar Cove to search for her child's father--who doesn't know she's pregnant--finds herself lodging in an apartment above a barn. The residents of Cedar Grove come to her rescue as an early labor begins
The series Bloody Jack adventure, 1 represents a set of related resources, especially of a specified kind, found in Century High School.
The work Anne Morrow Lindbergh, a Gift For Life (B) represents a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Spencer County Public Library. This resource is a combination of several types including: Work, Language Material, Books.
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Spencer County Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The temporal indicator of 1910-1936 represents a chronological context associated with resources found in Whitesboro, Dunham Library.
Being a quality driven organization, our entire endeavor lies in offering a qualitative range to Water Dispenser (with Built in RO System) our widespread patrons. Our wide range of water dispenser is the perfect mix of five stage RO system & water dispenser. These water dispensers are widely demanded in commercial as well as domestic areas. We have offered Water Dispenser (with Built in RO System) range to leading clients such as Delhi High Court, Goa Shipyards, Central Hospital and several other clients.
Level 1: 5 micron-spun filter, removes the Physical & Suspended Impurities such as Sand, Silt, Dust, Rust, Hair etc.
Level 2: Granular Activated Carbon (GAC) removes the colour & free chlorine in the water and also absorbs the Organic impurities on its surface.
Level 3: Activated Block Carbon, is a protective mechanism to safeguard the highly sensitive RO membrane.
Level 4: This is the most advanced Thin Film Composite Reverse Osmosis Membrane designed to remove dissolved impurities.
Level 5: Post Carbon cum Water Polisher, is Silver impregnated activated carbon filter to prevent the growth of bacteria at the point of use and to restore the natural taste of water.
© 2014 KCWA 캐나다 한인여성회. Copyrights All Reserved.Admin Business Number 10287 6059 RR0001 Website Designed and Developed by Jin
I went to the oncologist today and the news was even better. The cancer is definetly not in my rib and she and three other radiologists do not think it is in my sternum. The spot on my sternum they believe is from trauma during my surgery three years ago. Between the mastecomy and the reconstruction, I had alot of work done to that area. The lymph nodes did come back positive for cancer. So, I have positive lymph nodes on the right and left side. This is not usually common for breast cancer, but can happen with the type of cancer that I have. I have triple negative breast cancer which is the newer of the breast cancers and they just don't know as much information on this type as others. Not enough research has been done yet, but it is in the process. My doctor has spoken with an expert in triple negative breast cancer at Sloan Ketering Cancer Institute in New York and she is flying to Boston today for a conference at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute. Breast cancer is one of their specialties and she took my chart with her. I believe a miracle happened today and the Lord touched my rib and sternum. As far as my lung goes, there is just a small amount of fluid and it is not cancerous.
The treatment plan is for four months of chemo. Every other week for four months. Then I will have another mastectomy with reconstruction. They will then do radiation on that breast. I'll then be scanned again. If nothing shows up on the scans then I will be done with treatment. If something does show up, then I will have to do three more months of treatment and another round of radiation. Please pray that I don't have to do the second round. I am still praying about going to Texas this week. So, please continue to pray for wisdom. Again, thank you for all your prayers, love and support.
My heart is filled with great joy for the miracle you have experienced and we have had the awesome privalge to witness. I love you Kelly and I'm rejoicing with you!!
I'm thinking......WOW God!!! The exact words I prayed as you were having the scan done were that the cancer would disappear and the doctors would be stunned!! So thanful for the good reports! Still praying for more miracles. As my sweet sister in law Jenn said, Big Faith = Big ANSWERS!! Praising Him for all He is doing and will continue to do in and through you! I ♥ you Tons xxoxoxo
KELLY..KELLY...KELLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So happy I can't even begin to explain. May God continue to work mircales in your body as you continue to cling to Him and give Him the glory. What a GREAT GOD we serve, and what an awesome witness you are!!!
The following is a quote from a devotional book of Puritan prayers and devotions that I have been reading and praying over for you:
"Continue the gentleness of thy goodness towards me, and whether I wake or sleep, let thy presence go with me, thy blessing attend me....I have been sorrowful,but thou hast been my help, fearful, but thou hast delivered me, despairing, but thou hast lifted me up. Thy vows are ever upon me, and I praise thee, O God."
I am a friend of your beautiful sister Robyn. Although we have never met, I have and will continue to pray for you and your family. This touches close to home for me and my family, and I know that it takes all the love, prayers and support to get through. Know you are being lifted up by many that you don't even know, and you are loved by our Heavenly Father. Stay beautiful and strong.........prayers and love to you.
With the amount of prayer going to God on your behalf, it's not surprising to me that we continue to hear good news. God bless and know I continue to pray for you and all your family as you continue on this journey. Love and prayers, Sharon
Thrilled beyond words...amazed, thankful, rejoicing! I love you so much and in continued prayer for you and your sweet family. glo
Kelly, I was so happy to read your news this morning. What are the chances McKeen would be taking your charts to Dana Farber? AMAZING!!! I love you and am praying for you!!!
I am just bursting with joy for you!! God is so GOOD!! Praying for discernment about Texas and treatment choices. God will guide you. Hear his still small voice. Love you so much!! Today I'm focusing my prayer on Robyn. She is one of the many angels that God has provided to help you through this journey.
Kelly so glad to get this link today from Missy. Please know that MIke and I are praying for you all. We are so glad that you have the Lord to lead you and to give you the strength and wisdom you need. Love to your whole family. Mike and Peggy
Kelly, I am rejoicing and thanking Jesus for these praise reports. I am celebrating Jesus and His healing power that He has given us. I am going to continue to declare His health over and in your body. I love you and I thank you for blogging. Much love to u, Diana
K - Praying for you this AM as I believe you are at doc's. Hoping that she can shed some light on your situation. I know everyone has an opinion and it must be hard to sort through all of them. I am praying for you to hear God's Word through the chaos. Love you...M
I didnâ€™t add this into one of the original 13 best baseball drills only because I already mentioned it above. Â This is in the first video where I share my two favorite baseball pitching drills. Â But I figured I post this video too because I explain it in a little different of a way. Â So, if it helps someone understand a little better, then good. Â Thatâ€™s what Iâ€™m here for ðŸ˜‰
Following the tuck jumps athletes will continue the youth pitching drill by performing alternating split jumps. Athletes will begin in a lunging position with one foot out in front of the other while maintaining a high chest. Athletes front leg should stay at around a 90 degree angle throughout the explosive pitching drill. From this starting position athletes will use an explosive upward arm action to help them explosively jump in the air and switch feet, athletes should land with the opposite foot forward. Continue this jumping and switching process for 3-4 resisted sets of 8-12 repetitions followed by 2-3 unresisted set of 8-12 reps.
Every pitcher wants to learn how to throw a curveball. Why? Because itâ€™s effective and it gets hitters out. Thereâ€™s nothing like throwing a curveball that makes a hitters knees buckle. Itâ€™s a great pitch to have in your arsenal because hitters never really learn how to hit a curve or adjust to it. Hitters can hit a good curveball but they canâ€™t hit a great one. Even the greatest of hitters struggle hitting it; they just hope they donâ€™t miss the opportunity to hit a fastball when it comes.
The arm action on this pitch is a little abbreviated at the end. Instead of getting a nice long arc of deceleration and finishing throwing elbow outside of your opposite knee (as with your fastball), you'll want to bring your throwing-hand elbow to the opposite hip. This, of course, shortens your follow through, but allows you to really snap off the pitch.
Zito grips the ball with his index and middle fingers straddling the seam. "I want to get on top of the ball," he says. "When I release it, I force those two fingers down hard. That creates the torque on the seams, which causes rotation and spin. I also don't want to get my arm angle too high because that will take away the ball's bite -- I want to maintain a three-quarter arm slot."
At the end of this corresponding video, you will look at a short clip from the Best of the Best. Â Where a Slider thrown by Clayton Kershaw,Â is featured from a breakdown video/post I recently did of the lefty. Â In slow motion, you can see that he has done everything correctly in his mechanics to enable him to Stay Behind the Baseball, Release it â€˜Out in Front, and Throw it Downhill. Â As forÂ result, well it speaks for itself.
Baseball Tutorials is the premier source on the web for free youth baseball drills and coaching tips. With over 758 articles, videos and step by step tutorials, covering everything the youth baseball coach needs to knowâ€”from hitting mechanics and fundamentals, to pitching technique, fielding drills, base-running drills, conditioning drills and coaching strategy. Visit the website for access to free youth baseball drill videos.
A straight curve requires mastery of my beginners curveball, because many of the same principles that apply to both grips. This doesn't mean that you have to throw a beginners curve (most pitchers actually start right out with this pitching grip). But the beginners curveball is a good place to start. Then, of course, this pitching grip is the next step. That's because there is essentially no significant difference between a straight curveball and a beginners curveball, except for the finger placement of your index finger. It should be placedÂ onÂ the baseball as opposed to pointed at a target.
When you throw the Curveball, you want to cock your wrist at a slight angle while keeping your middle finger high up on top of the ball so that you can roll your wrist downwards when you release the ball (almost like pulling down the string on a window shade). As a result, the Curveball should spin forward as it approaches the batter, giving the Blitzball a great downward movement. In terms of delivery, some people like to come almost straight over the top to get that great "12-to-6" / Barry-Zito-style drop (drops almost straight down) on their curveball, but this is difficult to do. Most people get better results with something closer to a three-quarters delivery for a "1-to-7" break (a pitch that drops and curves to the side). Try experimenting with different release points and arm slots to find the pitch that works most effectively for you.
Great baseball pitching is your team's first defense. So it's important your pitcher be their best. But while you may think good pitching involves natural talent, think again! There's no question that a laser lob calls for lots of balance, strength, agility, speed, and accuracy. With the right drills, any pitcher can accomplish that. Effective pitching is a learned art. Understanding the mechanics of pitching from the ground up, and choosing drills that fine-tune both the lower and upper parts of the body are sure to take your pitcher from average to ace!
It is important when throwing a slider, or any breaking pitch in baseball, not to come "around" the baseball. When the pitcher "comes around" the ball, the pitcher puts extra tension on his pitching arm to throw that pitch. A slider is thrown with a regular arm motion, just like a fastball. Slider movement is a direct result of the fingertip pressure and grip. The pitcher may visualize throwing his fingers at the catcher in order to improve follow through and finish the pitching motion.
Doug Bernier, founder of Pro Baseball Insider.com, debuted in the Major Leagues in 2008 with the Colorado Rockies, and has played professional baseball for 5 organizations (CO Rockies, NY Yankees, PIT Pirates, MN Twins, & TX Rangers) over the past 16 years. He has Major League time at every infield position, and has played every position on the field professionally except for catcher. Where is he now? After 16 years of playing professionally, he is now a professional scout with the Colorado Rockies. You should click to watch this great defensive play by Bernier
Do you know a baseball pitcher or someone who coaches baseball? Given the popularity of baseball, there's probably a good chance you know someone who can help you learn to throw a great curveball. Find a pitcher or a coach and ask them to meet you at a local field to give you a few pointers for throwing a great curveball. Enjoy giving your throwing arm a good workout!
I hope you enjoyed and learned something from this compilation of the best baseball pitching drills. Â I suggest that if you havenâ€™t already, check out my Pitching Mechanics page. Â Itâ€™s where I break down a lot of the proper mechanics in the pitching delivery. Â You should also check out my pitching program if youâ€™re interested in throwing faster and more accurate.
Hiring an attorney is very crucial and you should understand that not only debtors are allowed to hire a bankruptcy attorney, but creditors too can do so. This is to ensure that their amount can be recovered successfully. The lawyer who works for creditors is to perform actions below:
- Lawsuits against debtors will be filed by the attorney in order to collect the debts back which were granted to them. They will act based on their knowledge, such as actions that need to be taken. The lawyers have the knowledge of what actions to be taken on different individual such as businesses or personal debts.
It is indeed true that when a debtor files a petition, he or she will be granted with an automatic stay order by the court. This can be an advantage as he does not need to receive harassing calls. However, the laws too have given some flexibility to the creditors. In order to be relieved from the automatic stay, they must file a motion first and get the certificate and notice of mailing from the respective court. This notice will be sent to every party involved. If the debtors did not file any response regarding this matter and the court approves on orders, the creditors are eligible to collect back what belongs to them.
Once the filing bankruptcy matter is informed to you, the first thing that you need to keep in mind is order to order a certain copy of bankruptcy schedules or that particular debtor. You are advised to have your attorney to be reviewed wisely by an attorney.
Is Bankruptcy Right For You? Talk to Bankruptcy Attorneys Free and Confidential. Licensed bankruptcy attorneys are available. Attorneys will call you to discuss your case for free. Find out if bankruptcy is right for your situation.
If you are facing a dire financial situation, there is a chance that filing for bankruptcy protection has crossed your mind. If this is the ...
So you've decided to go ahead with the bankruptcy filing. You may be nervous. You may be hopeful. And you may be worried perhaps you wil...
Experienced and highly competent bankruptcy attorneys can help in determining the best suitable bankruptcy protection for a particular finan...
In the current economic environment, many people are considering bankruptcy as a way to manage overwhelming debt. With the stress of financi...
There's an old saying in the legal profession that a lawyer who defends himself has a fool for a client. If a lawyer is a fool for defen...
A bankruptcy attorney specializes in helping individuals to properly conduct bankruptcy proceedings. In this process, the individual or coup...
When filing for a bankruptcy in Alabama, there are two basic forms. Debtors can choose to file a Chapter 7 bankruptcy if they cannot handle ...
If you are thinking about filing bankruptcy one of the first things you should determine is if you should hire a attorney. If you have a cas...
Steps To File For Bankruptcy Ensure that you have looked at all other options and alternatives. Bankruptcy will remain on your credit for up...
Bankruptcy laws continue to change and adapt to the times. As more and more people look to bankruptcy for help with their debt issues, they ...
Product is a clean, smart and modern Joomla Theme. Includes three different colour styles, perfect for Products showcase, Cart or Business Directory.
JomDirectory is a perfect extension to build any kind of Directory, Products showcase or just an amazing website for your brand or business in seconds!
Gorgeous Joomla Real Estate Template with an innovative design. Its layout is clean and streamlined, offering a superb browsing experience for all users.
Property Plan comes with a clean widescreen design and great wide layout. If your goal is to create an incredible real estate website, than it is a right choice!
Realty Finder can be used for vacation rental, real estate listing, or apartment rental pages. It comes with a nice design and it is easy to customise.
JomEstate seamlessly integrates, and uses most of Joomla has to offer for best compatibility. Modular build creates multiple configuration options for most demanded requirements.
Book Me is beautifully crafted, lively and modern booking template. Packed with awesome template features like awesome color schemes, creative slider element, CSS3 animations and much more!
Memo Travel is a clean and clear booking template for travel agencies and booking sites. With green, designed to bring a professional feel and freshness.
With the powerful features that JomHoliday provides, let your users explore an intuitive interface. Create a Holiday or Booking Site that looks professional and provides seamless working experience.
Auctions is a professionally designed, responsive Joomla template. Its modern, clean look makes it both nice to look at and easy to use- on any device!
Offers Cart has lots of features and it contains all the elements required to create a fully functional reverse auction site.
Create reverse auctions that are detailed and with appeal to attract customers and increase business! Seamlessly integrates, and uses most of Joomla has to offer for best compatibility. Modular build creates multiple configuration options for most demanded requirements.
Events Guide is the responsive Joomla event template dedicated for event organizers. It is a highly suitable template for companies that plan meetings as well as event management website.
Engage users and keep the information flowing! Discover amazing features through this powerful Joomla Events management system. Posting Events has never been easier.
There is nothing like being a true connoisseur of Paris – knowing the ins and outs of the city and ...
Since both of you decided to sneak up on the guards, we'll have to determine in what order we will attack them. Here is the layout of the camp:
Since Chris gave a recap of the Legion Christmas story that appeared in the 1980 Super-Star Holiday Special, I thought I would post the entire Jonah Hex story. I shall refrain from wishing you a Merry Hex-mas, but I will wish you a very merry Christmas & I hope that you are blessed in an unexpected (or even expected) way.
In addition to Jonah Hex, my other favorite character in comics is Uncle Scrooge. Carl Barks is one of my two favorite writer/artists (Don Rosa is the other) and I always enjoyed the Christmas stories that he wrote. My 2nd favorite story is "Christmas in Duckburg" from 1958.
A few convoluted things happen to bring this story to it's payoff. Scrooge was humiliated at teh town Christmas dinner last year & has promised to bring for the town a tree that will be taller than the clock tower. Donald has some catalogs laying around the house and he tells the boys they can ask for anything in the catalogs (because he know the most expensive thing is a bike). The boys pick a ferris wheel and then donald learns that there was a carnival supply catalog in the pile. He has to go to Scrooge to ask for money. Scrooge agrees if Donald & the boys go to Canada to get the 100 ft tree.
Meanwhile, a local business owner that had a bet with Scrooge about the tree finds out about Scrooge's plan. Not wanting to be shown up by Scrooge, he enlists the help of the Beagle Boys to cut 20 ft off of Scrooges tree, so it won't be taller than the 84 ft clock tower. After Donald & the boys leave, Scrooge wants to up the ante and sends a telegram to Donald. In an odd happenstance, the telegram is altered so that Donald thinks Scrooge wants them bring home 100 moose. (they only end up with two).
Once they get back home, they learn that Scrooge wanted 100 geese to weed Duckburg and he is the laughing stock with the two moose, but he is determined to save himself with the gigantic tree. Once it is stood up it is too short! Donald gets the idead of putting the tree on the ferris wheel and rotating it so the tree is taller than the clock tower, but Scrooge didn't spend the extra money for a motoe. The boys hook the moose up to the cable drum and use them to turn the ferris wheel.
That is one of my favorite Christmas comics images in my head. Thank you Carl Barks for creating it & thank you Gemstone for reprinting it this month in the CHristmas Parade book.
Finally got my hands on Jonah Hex #14. Whoa. I really enjoyed the storytelling style in this one. The captions were written as if they were a dime novel from the period. The language just flowed, not unlike the letters that were read during Ken Burns "Civil War" documentary.
This issue dealt with Jonah's father selling him to the Apaches, his saving of the Apache chief, and his betrayal by the chief's son Noh-Tante. There were a few minor changes as compared to Jonah Hex #8 (vol 1) . Jonah isn't traded to the Apaches for a pile of pelts, but is swapped for safe passage for his father. Also, he is not saved from the Kiowa by white Indian-killers, but overcomes the Kiowas alone.
I dropped the $5, got the manual & here we are again. There were two votes to follow the slaves, so follow them we shall. Also, things are going to be getting a little tougher since I now know how to RUN this stupid RPG (hopefully I won't have to go back & buy MORE manuals. So, here we go:
They lead the slaves into a clearing. A beefy character pounds some stakes into the ground and fastens the chains to them. The other guards sit around, eating & drinking, while it turns dark.
It's getting close to Christmas & there is no way I can get a recap of a whole issue posted. To tide you over, here is the most awesome Christmas cover EVER! It has a tree, a nun, little kids, presents, Santa Claus, and .....
..... a dead Santa on the floor, and a hideously scarred man holding a pistol in Santa's face. Where are your elves NOW, Fat Man?
I don't think you really want to know, because it is said that what makes one man angry, can bring another delight.
When we last left Jonah Hex, he was out in the desert having missed the opportunity to score a bounty. Now our story opens with Jonah literally crawling across the desert to a small water hole. He lowers his hat to get a drink but before he can raise the hat, it is riddled by gunfire with a shouted warning to stay away from the water. The man shouting the warning is Redeye Charlie, who appears to be an old prospector. He tells Jonah that the watering hole is poison and offers one of his canteens to Jonah. Jonah explains that the Yellow Mask Gang shot his horse & left him for dead in the desert. Charlie offers to take Jonah into town (Hill Valley, AZ) on one of his mules.
As they ride into town several hours later they happen upon what appears to be either a town picnic or a carnival. They are aghast to learn that the town has turned out for a hanging of a saloon girl that is accused of stealing $10 (about $140 today) from a cowboy. Charlie offers to pay the $10 to save her life. The sheriff refuses and Charlie starts to argue. Jonah tells Charlie to back off since the folks in the town have the right to do what they want. Charlie & Jonah ride on into town as the hanging proceeds and the saloon girl dies.
Jonah & Charlie part ways, Charlie heads to the livery to house his mules and Jonah goes to the saloon to get a steak. While Jonah is eating, the sheriff comes in & demands $20 from the owner. The owner states that it was only $10 last time, but the sheriff points out how much money everyone is making by the folks coming to town to see all the hangings. The owner pays up and once the sheriff is gone, he complains to Jonah about the price increase. Jonah asks why he pays it then. The owner explains that he makes more money on hanging days than on all the other days put together. There is a hanging about every 10 days or so and since the sheriff is also the judge everything moves really quickly.
Jonah tries to get a room at the hotel but learns that it is full...because of the hanging. they only have a few vacant rooms that they keep open in case any traveling ladies find themselves stranded for the night. Jonah decides to spend the night at the livery and finds that CHarlie has drunk himself into a stupor. Charlie says that he is heading for the hotel but Jonah explains that they only have rooms for ladies.
The next panel has a drunken Charlie in a dress checking in to the hotel. The creepy bellboy helps the 'drunken lady' up to her room and once inside, starts disrobing. When Charlie takes off his dress he ends up getting kicked out of the hotel. The sheriff happens along and finds the drunken Charlie in the street. He takes him to jail to sleep it off.
The next morning the local bank is robbed by the Yellow Mask Gang. They end up getting a gold shipment that was supposed to be a secret. As they make their getaway they shoot one of the managers of the bank but all the noise wakens Jonah over at the livery. As they ride past, Jonah jumps out of the loft, kicking one of the riders square in the head. Jonah tells a bystander to take the dazed crook to the sheriff because he is heading out after the rest of them.
The sheriff takes custody of the robber & the bystander leaves. Once they are alone, the sheriff starts chewing out the robber for getting caught. He ends up letting the robber go and they will split up the loot later. Seems like the sheriff is the one telling the gang about the gold shipment. As the robber leaves, the sheriff shoots him in the back right in front of Charlie. Charlie threatens to tell the town what he knows but the sheriff goes into the cell and knockes Charlie out with the barrel of his gun. The sheriff pours a bunch of whiskey down Charlie's throat to fit in with a plan he has.
Far outside of town, the Yellow Mask Gang is splitting up the loot in a cabin. According to them, they have about $80,000 in double-eagles (1.1 million $$?) but since a double eagle is a $20 piece that means they stole 4000 of them?
Anyway, Jonah is up on the roof, blocks the chimney and the cabin fills with smoke. One owlhoot comes out to see what the problem is & Jonah smacks him with a pistol. The other three come out and they make the mistake of drawing on Jonah. he dives to the ground and kills them all with three shots. He ends up taking the bodies and the one survivor back into town.
They arrive back in town to find a hanging almost in full swing (giggle, snort, 'full swing', I slay me. Har har, 'slay me', hee hee) but this time it's Charlie at the end of his rope (snort). The sheriff found a yellow mask in Charlie's bedroll, proving he is part of the gang. The horse Charlie is on is whipped and Charlie starts swinging but Jonah shoots the rope in two. Jonah helps Charlie up off the ground and Charlie tells the whole story about how the sheriff is in with the gang. The sheriff denies it but the owlhoot that Jonah brought in decides to rat out the sheriff when he learns that the sheriff killed is brother (who was captured by Jonah earlier). The owlhoot produces the gold shipment schedule, the very one in the banker's handwriting that he had given to the sheriff.
Folsk decide that they had gathered for a hanging so they might as well have one. As they are stringing up the sheriff, the banker offers the job of sheriff to Jonah. The pay is good but of course he would have to keep the hangings a comin' so the town will prosper. Hex and Charlie both ride off as the rope draws tight around the sheriff's throat.
A good story with good supporting characters and a whole town that is corrupt, but not totally. they are just running their own version of the lottery. Moliterni's art is again, gritty, and great. The coloring is vastly improved and helps the story along, not like last issue. The cover is a little crowded with the "DC Comics salutes the bicentennial" banner.
Since it's the season for giving, I thought I'd post a few ads for the ladies. Here is a nice bodybuilding ad from 1978...
This story, continued from last issue, is stated as taking place "Spring, 1874". Ooookay, 1874 it is. (Mr. Fleisher, you're killing me here with your continuity). We are treated to a splash page stating that Jonah is tracking the Apaches that have kidnapped Adrian Vaden. Then we get a 1 page recap of the flashback and on page three we pick up when Jonah is captured by the Kiowas.
They tie him to a stake & get ready to burn him alive when suddenly the camp is attacked by white men who slaughter Indians for their scalps ($25 each at Fort Hastings). They kill everyone in the camp, including slitting the throats of two Kiowa children. When Jonah, whom they have just freed, protests, they gut shoot him & leave him for dead.
Several weeks later, Jonah awakens in the cabin of an old trapper. It is not revealed how the trapper found Jonah, but he nurses the boy back to health through the summer & fall & into winter. Jonah walks for three days to find the Apache camp, but it is deserted. Then we get a montage of Jonah as a "wanderer on the frontier", a buffalo hunter for the Army, a tracker, a scout, and then in the Civil War at Chancellorville (May 1863), Vicksburg (July 1863), Shiloh (April 1862), Antietam (Sept 1862). Therefore, the Fort Charlotte Massacre occured sometime after July of 1863.
After the war is over Jonah comes upon a wagon that has been destroyed. Looking through the ruins he finds Noh-Tante's medicine amulet. Within the week he finds the Apache village and meets White Fawn. She explains that she has wed Noh-Tante. Jonah confronts the chief and explains how he was betrayed by Noh-Tante "twelve years before" (so we are now in 1866). The chief declares that this arguement must be decided in a tomahawk fight.
During the battle Jonah accidentally hits a tree and the handle on his tomahawk breaks. Noh-Tante holds Jonah down and gloats that he had weakened the handle so that it would break. Jonah, about to die, grabs the knife he keeps in the collar of his coat & stabs Noh-Tante. Jonah has broken Apache law by using a weapon other than the tomahawk and he must pay a price. The chief explains that Jonah had saved his life once but then killed his son, so the world must know that Jonah is half good & half evil. They tie Jonah between two poles and press a heated tomahawk into the right side of his face. He is kicked out of the camp & told that he will be killed if he ever returns.
Back in present day (1874), Jonah locates the Apache village where Laura is being kept. An Indian attacks him from behind, knocking him unconscious. He awakens tied before the chief, his one-time 'father'. The chief explains that come dawn Jonah will be tortured and then burnt alive. Later that night, White Fawn stabs the brave guarding Jonah and then frees Hex. She is going to escape with Jonah but the chief kills her with an arrow in the back. Jonah shoots & kills the chief, grabs Laura and starts to escape.
As they ride away, they are ambushed by Count Henri D'Aubergnon & Pierre (remember them?). Now the Count knocks Jonah off his horse by bending a tree over, tying it down and cutting the rope, letting the tree spring back. looking at this tree I'm wondering that if the Count can bend a tree that big around, why didn't he just grab Jonah & break him in half and eat his organs? The count ties Jonah up and Pierre takes up collecting arrowheads. The Count frees Jonah and together they are able to fend off several waves of Apaches attacking. Jonah decides that one of them can save Laura if the other provides cover. The Count falsely states that he has enough ammo to last hours (he has two bullets). Jonah & he argue about who will stay & who will go. The Count suggests the toss of a coin. Heads, he will stay, tails, Jonah will stay. It comes up heads and Jonah rides off with Laura. The Count ends up fighting the Apache with just his saber.
Laura:"Well, I was just thinking how funny it is that when we were leaving, the Count called out "adieu" to us. In French, that means 'farewell'.
Laura: "Well, when you're expecting to see someone again, you're supposed to say 'au revoir', which means 'until we meet again'."
Jonah's Injuries: Gut shot, Branded on his face with a hot tomahawk, knocked out, knocked off his horse by a tree
Overall this was a great issue. The art by Ernie Chan/Chua was good but Alcazar's inks weren't refined enough to make this stellar. Major awards go to the last panel. The cover has Jonah wearing Union Blue instead of Reb Grey.
Next Issue: More exposing of sweaty man-flesh, a vast Mexican treasure, and an awkward moment....Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Lots of news coming up in 2015, including our full-length release this Spring! We’ll let you know when there’s a release date.
But for now, our split release with Sandrider will be out February 17th. We are playing with them here in Seattle at Neumos on February 28th.
7 (or 8) by Kinski 7 (or 8) by Kinski Sandrider + Kinski by Kinski Cosy Moments by Kinski Conflict Free Diamonds by Kinski Cosy Moments by Kinski Down Below It’s Chaos by Kinski Down Below It’s Chaos by Kinski I Didn't Mean To Interrupt Your Beautiful Moment by Kinski Alpine Static by Kinski Alpine Static by Kinski Airs Above Your Station by Kinski Airs Above Your Station by Kinski Semaphore by Kinski
Bhakra Dam is a concretegravity dam on the Sutlej River in Bilaspur, Himachal Pradesh in northern India. The dam forms the Gobind Sagar reservoir.
The dam, located at a gorge near the (now submerged) upstream Bhakra village in Bilaspur district of Himachal Pradesh of height 226 m.[1] The length of the dam (measured from the road above it) is 518.25 m and the width is 9.1 m. Its reservoir known as "Gobind Sagar" stores up to 9.34 billion cubic metres of water. The 90 km long reservoir created by the Bhakra Dam is spread over an area of 168.35 km2. In terms of quantity of water, it is the third largest reservoir in India, the first being in Madhya Pradesh with capacity of 12.22 billion cu m and second Nagarjunasagar Dam.
Described as "New Temple of Resurgent India" by Jawaharlal Nehru,[2] the first prime minister of India, the dam attracts tourists from all over India. Bhakra dam is 15 km from Nangal city and 20 km from Naina Devi town.
Nangal Dam is another dam in Punjab downstream of Bhakra Dam. However, sometimes both the dams together are called Bhakra-Nangal Dam though they are two separate dams.
The Bhakra-Nangal multipurpose dams were among the earliest river valley development schemes undertaken by India after independence though the project had been conceived long before India became a free nation. The agreement for this project had been signed by the then Punjab Revenue Minister, Sir Chhotu Ram in November 1944 with Raja of Bilaspur and finalised the project plan on 8 January 1945. Preliminary works commenced in 1946. Construction of the dam started in 1948; Jawaharlal Nehru poured the first bucket of concrete into the dry riverbed of the Sutlej on 17 November 1955, as a symbolic initiation of the work. Addressing a gathering there, he said, "This is a gift to the people of India and to the future generations from the workers who built this dam", calling for "rais[ing] a memorial" at the dam "in honour" of the workers.[3] The dam was completed by the end of 1963. Successive stages were completed by the early 1970s.
Initially, the construction of the dam was started by Sir Louis Dane, the Lieutenant Governor of Punjab. But the project got delayed and was restarted soon after independence under the chief architect Rai Bahadur Kunwar Sen Gupta. It was financed entirely by the union government. The Control Board for the project included representatives from union government, and of the governments of Punjab, Patiala and East Punjab States Union, Rajasthan, Bilaspur and Himachal Pradesh. The organisation evolved for the purpose of design and construction was divided into three parts. The Designs Directorate provided the designs and drawings. The Construction and Plant Design Directorate was to look after its execution and installing of the plant, while the Directorate of Inspection and Control ensured that the specifications are accorded to safety requirements were met.[4]
In October 1963, at the ceremony to mark the dedication of the Bhakra–Nangal project to the nation, Prime Minister Nehru said, "This dam has been built with the unrelenting toil of man for the benefit of mankind and therefore is worthy of worship. May you call it a Temple or a Gurdwara or a Mosque, it inspires our admiration and reverence". On 22 October 2013, the Government of India approved the release of a commemorative stamp to mark the 50th anniversary of the Bhakra Dam. As how successful India was at that time that it was the only dam in Asia which could produce 1500 MW power and now in China Three Gorges Dam takes Control over all the dams and generate around 22,500 MW power i.e more than 15 nuclear power stations .
The dam, at 741 ft (226 m), is one of the highest gravity dams in the world (compared to USA's largest Oroville Dam at 770 ft). The 166 km² Gobindsagar Reservoir, named after Guru Gobind Singh, is created by this dam which is the third largest reservoir in India the first being Indira Sagar Dam and second Nagarjunasagar Dam.[5] The river Satluj used to flow through a narrow gorge between two hills, Naina Devi ki dhar and Ramgarh ki dhar, and the site was chosen to dam the river. The large map http://www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/ams/india/nh-43-03.jpg shows the location of the original Bhakra village that was submerged in the lake formed behind the dam.
Bhakra dam was part of the larger multipurpose Bhakra Nangal Project whose aims were to prevent floods in the Sutluj-Beas river valley, to provide irrigation to adjoining states and also to provide hydro-electricity. It also became a tourist spot for the tourists during later years because of it huge size and uniqueness.
It also has four spillway gates that are only used when the reservoir exceeds the maximum allowed level.
The dam holds excess waters during the monsoon and provides a regulated release during the year . It also prevents damage due to monsoon floods. The dam provides irrigation to 10 million acres (40,000 km²) of fields in Punjab, Haryana, and Rajasthan.
Water flows from Bhakra Dam downstream Nangal dam where it is controlled and released into Nangal Hydel Channel that later becomes Bhakra Main Line after Ganguwal and Kotla power plants. The Bhakra main line is a canal that mostly supplies irrigation water to the state of Haryana.
Bhakra Dam has ten power generators with five on each side. Generators for the left power house were originally supplied by Hitachi, Japan and upgraded to the present capacity by Sumitomo, Hitachi and Adritz.[6][7] Generators for the right side were originally supplied by Soviet Union and later upgraded to the present capacity by Russia.[8] The two power houses have a total capacity of 1325 MW. The left power house contain 3 x 108 MW and 2 x 126 MW Francis turbines while the right has 5 x 157 MW.[9]
The power generated at Bhakra Dam is distributed among partner states of Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh, Chandigarh and Delhi.
Three additional power plants are on the two canals Nangal Hydel Channel and Anandpur Sahib Hydel Channel that originate from Nangal dam. Their generation capacities are : Ganguwal - 77.65 MW, Kotla - 77.65 MW and Anandpur - 134 MW.[10][11][12]
The reservoir of the Dam, Gobind Sagar, homes fishes of different species including endangered Mahseer. Commercial fishing by Local fisherman is also common in Gobind Sagar.
Bhakra Management Board (BMB) was constituted in 1966 for the administration, maintenance and operation of Bhakra Nangal Project from 1 October 1967. It manages the operation of both the dams. Its members are appointed by the government of India and by the states of Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh, Delhi and Chandigarh. Bhakra Management Board was renamed Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) on 15 May 1976 to also manage dams on river Beas. Since then the Bhakra Beas Management Board is engaged in the regulation of the supply of water and power from Bhakra Nangal Project and Beas Projects to the states of Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh, Delhi and Chandigarh government.
The Bhakra Beas Management Board regulates, operates and manages Bhakra Dam, Dehar Hyroelectric Project,Pong dam, Ganguwal and Kotla power stations.[13]
Being the fourth largest dam in India after Tehri Dam,[14] it attracts a large number of tourists who visit its reservoir and attractive location. However, for security reasons, visitors to Bhakra-Nangal Dam has been banned since 2009.[15] The distance between the Ganguwal and Bhakra Dam is about 30–35 km.
The large reservoir created by the dam displaced a large population from the district of Bilaspur. About 371 villages were submerged. After 50 years of its completion, there is still a question of full resettlement of oustees.[16]
Welcome to the biggest free porn movies archive! We collected the most impressive videos. Our porn clips will blow your mind ;) Our collection is really one of the biggest on the net! Mature videos, teen movies, anal sex clips, blowjob films, hardcore action, hentai movies, big tits clips, fetish sex, ourdoor videos, ebony films, gangbang action, big cock clips and many more. We are adding fresh videos every day, so, do not forget to bookmark us and come tomorrow for more! FuckCult is your one and only bookmark for quality and unseen before porn videos!
Why has Indian Hill School District decided to move in this direction with every student having their own computer in class?
No. If your child brings a laptop to school, the internet access we provide is heavily filtered. They will not be able to access Facebook, for example, or other sites identified as inappropriate. We filter out categories by adult content, gambling, illegal/questionable, chat and online communities, fantasy sports, bad reputation/proxy/hacking sites, online shopping, alcohol, dating, and other sites that have been identified as not in-keeping with our code of conduct.
Please note: If you provide mobile hot spots for your child (for example, through your cell phone provider), these are not controlled by the school and provide unfiltered access to the internet for anyone who connects to it AND are prohibited for use in school.
As with any personal property brought to school, your child is solely responsible for its handling and care. To that end, we can not provide any maintenance or support for your equipment. If your child is having difficulty connecting to the internet, we can provide some basic troubleshooting assistance, but any maintenance, updates or repair are the sole responsibility of the owner of the equipment. Students will be expected to secure their technology when not in use. The school cannot be held liable for any theft or damage of equipment brought onto school property.
The school will provide equipment for the day, in school, for students who do not have their own access for class (this would include students who simply forgot to bring it). We are also committed to ensure no child's instruction is limited by a lack of technology. Parents who cannot afford a computer for the child/children, should contact the school Principal or their Guidance Counselor directly to discuss options.
Currently, if students have not brought a computer to school for whatever reason, they should go to the library before schools starts and borrow one for that day in school. Students have access to their school network drive for any files they might need to save and access from home, or they can use email, thumb drives or cloud applications to store files between school and home. Students will find that working on their own computers makes the transition between home and school more seamless. However, we do realize there are times when it simply is not possible to bring their computer to school. We will gladly work with our students to cover these situations.
(Please note, if you have a functioning laptop at home that is in working condition and has wireless capabilities, this should be sufficient. It is not expected that you purchase new equipment.)
Through our research, we found the most adequate tool for a student was a pen-based (tablet/slate, also known as a 2-in-1) computer. Pen-based technology overcomes all barriers for students in class (for example, think about how you would take notes online in math class without a pen-based system; or how you would WRITE Chinese characters, not just type them; or easily illustrate something with a simple keyboard). Teachers prefer this type of machine for students. However, it is better to have a technology device supplemented by paper-pencil, if you cannot afford a tablet/slate.
Your decision will ultimately be a personal one based on your preferences and needs. At the minimum, it would be recommended that whatever you purchase have at least 2G of memory (hard drive sizes will vary but are usually more than adequate). We are a windows-based school, so your most compatible machine to what we have will be a windows-based system. However, it is completely your decision if you opt to purchase an Apple brand computer.
At this time we are encouraging you to provide a full computer (ultrabook, laptop or slate/tablet). Droid-based systems, chromebooks, eReaders or iPads, etc. will not allow students to completely access the software they presently use for class. If they bring in those systems, they may not be able to use them with some of the educational sites and software required for classwork or homework. At this time, for a fully-functional experience, you need a windows-based system or one running OS X or higher from Apple.
In our experience, it depends on the care given to the computer and the quality of the computer, but you should expect a laptop, being used daily, to last at least 3 years. It definitely could last 4 years, depending on care. Regardless, you most likely will want to plan on replacing the battery after year 2. Many extended warranties will cover the battery, but talk to the place where you are purchasing it to verify (it sometimes will depend on the brand and the type of warranty). You may also want to consider an accidental damage warranty that could cover expensive breaks not caused by normal wear and tear.
No. Maintenance of a personally owned computer is the responsibility of the owner. There are many vendors in the area, as well as warranty service providers, who are available to assist you with your technology maintenance needs. If students are having difficulty connecting to the district’s internet service, basic troubleshooting assistance will be provided.
Any accessory purchases are at your discretion. Some people may opt to purchase additional tablet pens or batteries.
-- It is recommended that you purchase a laptop sleeve or case to cushion the laptop in a backpack, or to protect it when carrying it separately.
-- 2G of memory is a minimum recommendation; often purchasing more memory for a computer up-front will positively affect its long term usability (though you can upgrade memory at any time if the system supports it).
-- Students would be encouraged to backup or save files to a cloud-based account (like google drive or dropbox), not simply save files to the local machine, to have a safe place for critical files (although simply sending important files to themselves on email is often sufficient backup for their purposes).
It is your choice to purchase extended warranties or accidental damage warranties. You may also check with your home insurance to see if your laptop would be covered in the event of theft.
As a district, we use Microsoft Office products for our word processing, spreadsheet usage and presentation software as well as Google apps. Students of Indian Hill Schools are able to download and install Microsoft Office for free on up to 5 laptops in their household (including the one they bring to school). This license is good for as long as they are a student at Indian Hill.
Virus protection software is always recommended, and Microsoft AntiVirus software is available for free online (and comes already installed on current Windows systems). Most other software needed is available for free through the internet.
Students will use their computers to support and enhance their learning and as directed by the learning opportunities of the class. For some students, this will mean taking notes during class, taking online tests, online research, as well as using it as directed for activities, for others this may mean simply using it as required in the lesson. Not every lesson every day will use technology. However, it is helpful for students to have access to their computers as questions arise and for just-in-time learning.
From our study of 1:1 schools, we found that technology empowers students. In student hands, guided by an informed teacher, it further enhances, enriches and personalizes the student’s learning experience. In the schools we visited, we witnessed, and it was reported, that students were more organized, had more choice (and subsequently more ownership of their learning), were more engaged in problem solving and analysis, and applying their learning. The technology further supported the learning of each student individually. We want this learning environment for all of our students to adequately prepare them for their future.
BYO technology is currently in use at the Middle School. At the Elementary School, chromebooks are provided 1-to-1 in all classes. At the Primary School, chromebooks are provided 1-to-1 for second grade. In first grade, students share tablets in their classrooms as needed, and in Kindergarten they use iPads where applicable.
If you are looking for assistance with acquiring a computer for your hcild, contact your Building Principal or Guidance Counselor directly.
Articles of Interest: (This section will be used to add links of interest relative to the idea of 1:1 computing in the classroom)
The content of this website is subject to United States copyright protection. No copying or other use of the materials contained herein is permitted without the prior written consent of Indian Hill Exempted Village School District.
This site contains links to third-party websites. Third-parties may provide links, either authorized or unauthorized, to IHEVSD. Any links on the District site are provided solely as a convenience and not as an endorsement by the District of the content on such third-party web sites. IHEVSD is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, including without limitations any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to a linked site, and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of material on such third-party websites. Access linked third-party websites at your own risk.
Any questions about reasonable accommodations and all concerns or complaints relating to disability discrimination should be directed to the District’s Section 504 Coordinator. The Section 504 Coordinator is the Director of Pupil Services, who may be contacted at (513) 272-4500 or 6855 Drake Road, Cincinnati, Ohio 45243. Thank you.
2012 Knockout Tournament2014 Winter Olympics2017 IFART Team TournamentHigh Score Club Season 1High Score Club Season 2High Score Club Season 3High Score Club Season 4High Score Club Season 5High Score Club Season 6High Score Club Season 7High Score Club Season 8High Score Club Season 9New High Score Club Season 1New High Score Club Season 1 Bronze Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 1 Gold Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 1 Silver Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 2New High Score Club Season 2 Bronze Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 2 Gold Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 2 Silver Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 3New High Score Club Season 3 Bronze Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 3 Gold Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 3 Silver Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 4New High Score Club Season 4 Bronze Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 4 Gold Medal BracketNew HIgh Score Club Season 4 Silver Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 5New High Score Club Season 5 Bronze Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 5 Gold Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 5 Silver Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 6New High Score Club Season 6 Bronze Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 6 Gold Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 6 Silver Medal BracketNew High Score Club Season 7New High Score Club Season 8While Zero Is Away
FERRUM, VA-The Hampden-Sydney football team had a two-game win streak snapped, falling 32-19 to Ferrum on Saturday afternoon. The Tigers took an early lead, but Ferrum used a big third quarter, outscoring Hampden-Sydney 17-0 in the stanza en route to victory. The Tigers now stand at 3-4 overall and 3-2 in conference play, while the Panthers improve to 4-3 and 2-3 in ODAC play.
The Tigers were first to strike in the game, though each team had chances prior to the first touchdown. The Tigers were knocking on the door on their opening drive but fumbled on the one yard line to keep the game knotted at 0-0. Ferrum drove the ball 94 yards on the ensuing drive but came up empty on a failed 20-yard field goal attempt.
The first points came with under two minutes to play in the first quarter on a six-yard run from Alec Cobb (Jamestown, NC/Ragsdale).
The Tigers later fumbled again, and the Panthers capitalized with a touchdown three plays later to tie the game at 7-7 early in the second quarter.
With just over a minute to play in the half, the Tigers reclaimed the lead at 14-7 as Cobb hit Major Morgan (Onancock, VA/Broadwater Academy) for a 24-yard touchdown strike.
The half was not over, however, as Ferrum drove 58 yards in under a minute and converted a two-point attempt to take a 15-14 lead into the locker room.
The third quarter then was all Panthers as they scored 17 unanswered points to take a 32-17 lead into the fourth quarter.
The Tigers ended the scoring drought with just under six minutes to play with a 42-yard field goal from Rhett Andersen (Poquoson, VA/Poquoson).
With under a minute to play, the Tigers got two more points as Ferrum took a safety to help run out the clock and prevent a possible touchdown.
On the day, the Tigers had 402 yards of offense on 315 passing and 87 rushing, but they were hampered by four turnovers. Cobb was 35-of-53 for 310 yards with one touchdown and one interception. Morgan led all receivers with 13 catches for 126 yards and a touchdown. Kaleb Smith (Rocky Mount, VA/Franklin County) had seven catches for 56 yards, and Blake Page (Richmond, VA/Blessed Sacrament-Huguenot) and Ed Newman (Farmville, VA/Fuqua) combined for 89 yards on eight catches.
Defensively, the Tigers allowed 486 yards on 226 passing and 240 rushing. Ryan Mallory (Mechanicsville, VA/Hanover) led the way with ten tackles, while Griffin Davis (Charlottesville, VA/Monticello) and Brendan Weinberg (Apex, NC/Middle Creek) each had eight stops. Matt Dooley (Haymarket, VA/Battlefield) had six tackles to go with an interception.
The Tigers will remain on the road and face Washington & Lee in Lexington on Saturday, November 3. Kickoff is set for 1:00 PM.
» Emergency alert for all California voters: Elect Eric Frame (Independent) as state Senator to defeat vaccine zealot Richard Pan
European Commission Secretary General Martin Selmayr during a plenary session at the European Parliament on March 13 in Strasbourg, France FREDERICK FLORIN/AFP/Getty Images
Germany is in an odd position. At home, its government is at its weakest in years. Divisions and infighting abound, even within Chancellor Angela Merkel’s own party as her authority weakens.
But in Europe, Germany is strong. It is making a bold push to formalize its control over the European Union.
In the latest long-term budget plan, EU budget commissioner Günter Oettinger (who happens to be German) unveiled a new policy proposal. It would strip member nations of their EU funding if they failed to comply with EU requirements on “rule of law.”
The EU is currently pursuing Poland for violations of the rule of law. If it succeeds, it will be able to strip Poland of its EU voting rights—if all other countries agree. What is Poland’s great transgression against the basic tenant of liberty? The EU accuses the Polish government of tampering with the composition of its judges on its constitutional court. That’s a sham. Spain did almost exactly the same thing and the EU said nothing. The difference is, the EU approves of Spain’s government, but not Poland’s.
Oettinger’s proposals would dramatically expand the EU’s power. If the European Commission deems that a country has violated the rule of law, financial penalties would come into effect. Only a large majority in the European Council could stop those penalties. In the Council, voting rules take into account population. Germany is the most populous nation in Europe. So if it wants sanctions on a country and it gets a few other nations on its side, the rest of the Council could not stop them.
We could soon have an EU that tells its member states how to run their own countries. The EU bureaucracy is already fighting democratically elected governments in Poland and Hungary. If it gains the power Oettinger is proposing, it would have even more authority to make member nations do as they are told.
This is just the latest in a long-standing trend. Hans Kundnani noted in the Berlin Policy Journal last month that in Germany’s vision for Europe, “more Europe would mean more Germany―as in many of the steps already taken in the last seven years since the euro crisis began.”
“As well as becoming more German, the EU has also grown more coercive since the beginning of the euro crisis in 2010,” he wrote. “Further integration has fallen somewhere on the spectrum between voluntary and forced.”
Kundnani wrote, “It is particularly striking how … terms such as ‘budgetary surveillance’ and ‘fiscal discipline’ have become increasingly central to the functioning of the EU.” Europe’s response to the euro crisis has been much greater German control over other nations’ economies. “Developments since then have only confirmed and advanced this transformation,” Kundnani wrote. “The emergency summit held in Brussels in July 2015 to discuss the Greek debt situation may turn out to be a critical juncture in the history of the EU.” This is a trend the Trumpet noted in “Look Who Rules Europe!” Greece tried to defy Germany, and Germany made an example out of it. The Greeks’ humiliation sent a powerful message to all other EU member nations.
This latest push to use the budget as a mechanism for punishing nations is “part of a wider trend of expanding coercion in the EU,” wrote Kundnani. “Even EU member states who worry about democratic deconsolidation in countries like Hungary and Poland wonder if it could also be turned on them.” He noted: “[T]he danger is that the EU is increasingly seen as a vehicle for the imposition of German preferences.”
At the same time, Germany has been muscling in on key positions within the EU. With Oettinger’s help, Martin Selmayr, another German, took the EU’s most powerful civil servant job in March.
Selmayr’s appointment as the European Commission’s secretary general was so murky that the European press commonly refers to it as “Selmayrgate.”
The European Commission employs 33,000 civil servants. That’s a lot of responsibility, which is why the job of secretary general is open only to qualified individuals who have already proved themselves by operating at a high level within Europe’s civil service.
The Commission has said little officially about what actually happened. But one anonymous commissioner shared the details with Jean Quatremer, Libération’s EU correspondent.
Quatremer’s source said that at a European Commission meeting, President Jean Claude Juncker proposed appointing Selmayr to the deputy position. The Commission approved. Then Juncker announced that the current secretary general had resigned and that Selmayr would take his place.
Quatremer’s source alleges that the Commission was then bribed not to protest the deceitful way in which Selmayr got the job. EU commissioners get paid two thirds of their salary for about two years after they leave office. Selmayr proposed extending that pension to three or five years, and also offered additional perks like a company car and driver.
Quatremer called it “a brilliantly executed coup that has handed this 47-year-old German bureaucrat near-total control of the EU machine.” His commissioner informant called it “an impeccably prepared and audacious power grab.”
The European Parliament was so outraged by the process, it voted unanimously to investigate Selmayr’s appointment. It also passed a resolution saying that the appointment “could be viewed as a coup-like action.” During the debate, a Dutch member of Parliament said the appointment “destroys all the credibility of the European Union.” A Hungarian mep said, “When it suits the commission, it ignores the rules, meaning the rule of law.”
“Selmayr has long shown disdain and disregard for the traditional workings of the Commission, and a willingness to strong-arm colleagues and bulldoze opponents, earning him the nickname Monster of the Berlaymont,” wrote Politico, referring to the building in which the European Commission meets. ”One result of the combination of Selmayr’s rise and reputation has been an array of allegations over what sort of power grab may be next on his agenda.”
His appointment also sparked complaints that Germany has too much power. Germans now hold the secretary general positions in the civil service, the European Parliament and Europe’s foreign ministry—the External Action Service. Politco quoted one anonymous EU diplomat saying that Selmary’s appointment was a “power grab that gives lots of power to the Germans.”
Germany already dominated the EU. But historically it has done so through its dominant population and policies emanating from its national government. “[N]o one can dispute Germany’s leadership role” in Europe, Berlin Policy Journal wrote. “Berlin is increasingly becoming a clearinghouse for all of Europe’s political issues.” However, “it is not a question of the positions Germans hold in Brussels.”
Now, in addition to having Europe’s largest population, its biggest economy and its preeminent political power, Germans also hold more positions in Brussels. And they’re using their posts to increase EU (and German) power over other nations.
Perhaps Berlin’s push to change EU budget rules and the questionable appointment of Selmayr is part of Berlin’s formalization of its dominance over Europe.
A major step in this process could come next year, when the presidency of the European Central Bank (ecb) becomes vacant. Germany’s coalition has already agreed it wants Bundesbank president Jens Weidmann to get the job.
With Weidmann in position, German control over Europe’s economy would be complete. Previous ecb heads have printed money and passed it on to poorer South European countries. Weidmann doesn’t believe in this. When Southern Europe needs cash, it will have to ask the ecb or Germany for help. One way or the other, Germans will be deciding whether they get loans.
It will be a fight for Germany to get Weidmann the job. And it seems likely that Germany’s plan to block funds to disobedient countries will itself be blocked. But what is clear is that Germany is pushing for more Germans to have more formal power in the European Union.
A large area of land composed of multiple nationalities formally controlled by one authority has a name: an empire. It’s a label that more and more people are using to describe Europe. Gwythian Prins, an academic and a government adviser, wrote last month in the Telegraph that Europe “looks like an empire.”
“It walks like an empire,” he continued. “It certainly talks like an empire—listen to [European Council President Donald] Tusk. It treats its subjects like an empire. They grumble rebelliously, as vassal states do. Its rulers, the Brussels elite, feather their nests just like their predecessors in function did in the ussr. In 2007, the president of the Commission, José Manuel Barroso, actually called it an empire. I think we may safely say that the EU is an empire.”
Even Germany’s Spiegel wrote, in 2015, that “the word ‘reich,’ or empire, may not be entirely out of place” when describing modern Germany. It concluded that “an empire is in play, at least in the economic realm.”
The Trumpet and the Plain Truth have been warning about this empire for decades. In 1945, Plain Truth founder Herbert W. Armstrong said that Germany would once again rise to dominate Europe through a “European Union.”
In 1973, he wrote, “Biblical prophecy revealed that this empire would start as an economic movement, that it would bring an era of unusual prosperity to Europe. It did start in March 1957, when six European countries—West Germany, France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg—signed the Treaty of Rome creating the European Economic Community. … How did I know as far back as 1927 that this coming United States of Europe would spring up in our time? I knew because I saw it clearly revealed in biblical prophecy.”
In the 1990s, Trumpet editor in chief Gerald Flurry wrote in his booklet Germany’s Conquest of the Balkans, “It will not be long before Europe is reunited as the Holy Roman Empire. It will be led very assertively by Germany.”
How could Mr. Armstrong predict, all the way back in 1945, the rise of a German-led empire in Europe? And how could he forecast that it would begin with a union of European nations and with economic dominance?
His forecasts all came from the Bible. It may be ridiculed by many today, but where else can you get such advanced insight into what is happening in Europe?
For the background you need to understand the earthshaking events soon to occur in Europe, read our free book The Holy Roman Empire in Prophecy. Also watch Mr. Flurry’s Key of David episode from last November: “The World’s Greatest Empire Is Hidden.”
California Pizza Kitchen Charlotte Airport is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Ceramic Tile Kitchen Countertop Over Laminate is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
A friendly request to parents, please donate used clothes to the school, clothes learners have outgrown, clothes of learners leaving school and Gr 7’s.
Our site respects the intellectual property of others. We takes matters of Intellectual Property very seriously and is committed to meeting the needs of content owners while helping them manage publication of their content online. It should be noted that this site is a simple search engine of PDFs and books available at a wide variety of third party websites.
Any content shown on third party websites are the responsibility of those sites and not our site. We have no knowledge of whether content shown on third party websites is or is not authorized by the content owner as that is a matter between the host site and the content owner. We does not host any content on its servers or network.
Please note that we do not host any copyrighted content on this website. Our servers do not contain data that might be copyrighted in any way. However, we offer a service to request removal of materials on our website if the copyright holder of the content requests so.
Please find the button DMCA Complaint (Removal request) on the page with the infringed material. Then click on it and follow the further instructions.
We accept copyright complaints ONLY via this way. All requests via email or by the other ways will be ignored.
Malawi clocks 53 years of independence there are still any issues elders need to explain to the young generation on the long journey to freedom from the British colonial rule.
Of special interest to the new scholars is the misunderstanding that arose between Malawi's first Prime Minister Dr. Hastings Kamuzu Banda and six members of his newly appointed cabinet in September 1964 on policy matters.
Among the many differences that led to the crisis that ended in Dr. Banda dismissing some of the newly appointed ministers and others resigning in solidarity with their fired colleagues barely two months after independence was a suggestion to introduce a fee in government hospitals.
But what makes the 'Born-Frees' (people born after Malawi attained independence) die with laughter is the amount brought before Parliament for approval, believe it or not it was Three Pence, an equivalent of Five Tambala, (not Five Kwacha but Five Tambala). Nevertheless, the tempers could be justified by explaining that in 1964 Two Malawi Kwacha was equal to one British Pound, meaning to an ordinary citizen Three Pence (Five Tambala) was indeed a lot of money. To those on low pay, whether in civil service or private sector the complaint was the same, especially considering that there was no talk of medical schemes of any kind.
However, today 53 years of independence, Malawians have access to medical aid schemes, although the question of whether or not they are affordable to everybody regardless of financial status remains an issue of discussion in homes and workplaces. That is where insuring with MedHealth not only makes sense but logic because it is a medical aid company's core value to guarantee a 100% no short-fall on its membership benefit.
"We make sure our members do not have to co-pay on their available benefit to allow them that peace of mind when dealing with ill-favored circumstances regardless of their financial standing:" said MedHealth CEO Bright Kamanga.
He explained that depending on a chosen plan MedHealth may cover foreign treatment and repatriate remains in the unfortunate event of death while on foreign treatment. MedHealth would waive the premiums of dependents for six months within a benefit year, in the event of death of a principle member.
As one bereaved beneficiary pointed out, at first he thought that such an offer was a mere business sweet-talk, until he saw how MedHealth kept its word and rescued the family when the principle member (father) passed on. "The entire family felt at ease when the company repatriated the remains of our loved one and waived the premiums for half a year. My mother keeps repeating that the peace of mind the assistance brought was just unbelievable he said.
In case many still do not know, MedHealth takes advantage of Malawi's 53 years of independence to inform the nation that there is a medical aid company whose core value propositions are under the following Product Advantages:
Lower premiums for spouses and children (Child dependents up to 21 YEARS - with extensions if still in school)
The reason for going into this extra mile is simple and straightforward: "IT'S NOT JUST OUR JOB.. IT'S OUR PASSION!'
We propose a novel 3D descriptor for hand gesture recognition for depth maps captured by Kinect-style cameras: Histogram of 3D Facets (H3DF). Different from previous methods, which massively used existing 2D image descriptors designed for 2D images on RGB channels or Grayscale channel, our descriptor starts from the substantial feature of a 3D object — its surface.
We first bring up with the idea of a 3D facet as a collection of discrete 3D cloud points. Then a normal-based coding process is performed to encode each facet into a compact form. Then a concentric spatial pooling is utilized to neutralize subjective variance while keeping variance between different gestures.
A general event detection system is proposed and evaluated by the Sruveillance Event Detection (SED) task of TRECVID 2012 campaign. A sliding temporal window is employed as the detection unit in our system. We also investigate the spatial priors of various events by estimating spatial distributions of actions under different camera views.
Robust and efficient indoor object detection can help people with severe vision impairment to independently access unfamiliar indoor environments. This project is to explore new methods of indoor object detection by incorporating the context information such as signage (both text and iconic) and other visual clues.
The goal of the project is to develop new computer vision algorithms for camera-based text recognition from complex backgrounds and non-flat surfaces in combination with commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) optical character recognition (OCR) and Text-to-Speech (TTS) software.
Scene understanding and meaningful object detection and tracking play an important role in many applications. Unlike most of the existing scene understanding methods only attempted to answer the question of “what” is in the image, we will attempt to answer questions of both “what” and “where” in images/videos by combining object class recognition (what) and object detection (where).
Automatic Affect Detection, Segmentation, and Recognition by Fusion of Facial Features and Body Gestures
The research of expression analysis in naturalistic environments will have significant impact across a range of theoretical and applied topics. Real-life expression analysis must handle head motion (both in-plane and out-of-plane), occlusion, lighting change, low intensity expressions, low resolution input images, and absence of a neutral face for comparison. The expression analysis should also combine multimodalities such as face and body gestures, and facial and voice.
The goal of this project is to advance “intelligent video surveillance” from a narrow security focus to a comprehensive intelligence focus through the creation and use of data mining algorithms. Research efforts will focus on three challenges in video surveillance: 1) composite event detection; 2) automatic association mining and pattern discovery; and 3) privacy protection.
Action recognition with cluttered and moving background is a challenging problem. One main difficulty lies in the fact that the motion field in an action region is contaminated by the background motions. This project focuses on develop new method to detect and recognize human actions in real-world environments.
Recognizing and matching clothes with complex colors and patterns is a challenging task for blind people. The project focuses on developing effective and efficient algorithms and a prototype system to assist them by using a camera which is connected to a computer to perform pattern and color matching and recognition. The algorithms are robust to variations of illumination, clothing rotation and wrinkling, large intra-class of clothes patterns, and complex colors. Audio feedback of recognizing and matching results for both color and patterns is provided to users.
2014 Solo Exhibit, “The New Global Women”, Curated by John Riggs, Tamarack Gallery, Madison, Wisconsin
2014 Group Exhibit, “Destinations II” , Curated by Tam Nguyen, Vietnam National Museum of Fine Arts, Hanoi,
2013 Solo Exhibition, “The New Global Women II”, Curated by Valerie J. Christell, Alfons Gallery, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
2012 Group Exhibit, “New Photo Expression 2012”, Curated by Steven Brondino, Blutstein Brondino Fine Art Gallery, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
2012 Solo Exhibit , “The Soul of Vietnam”, Curated by John Riggs, Tamarack Gallery, Madison, Wisconsin
2011 Group Exhibit, New Photo Expression, Curated by Larry D’Attilio, Blutstein Brondino Fine Art Gallery, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
2008 Solo Exhibit, “The New Entrepreneurs”, (Underwood Foundation Grantee exhibit, Alverno College Arts and Cultural Gallery, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
2007 Mary Nohl Suitcase Fund Awardees exhibit, Milwaukee Institute of Art and Design, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
2007 Solo exhibit, “Hanoi Windows: Inside Looking Out, Outside Looking In” in Milan, Italy, February-March
2002 Commissioned Permanent Photograph Mural – opening exhibit, “Midsummer Day Dream”, Sharon Lynn Wilson Center for the Arts, Brookfield
All images and text on this web site are © 1970 - 2018 Lawrence D'Attilio All Rights Reserved. For requests to use or copy any text, photographs, or original design elements you must first obtain written permission or a license release from D’Attilio Studio.
On Tuesday Abby turned 1 month old. I can't believe it has already been a month. She is such a calm baby. I am so blessed. Matty loves her and is always trying to help out with her and make sure that she is ok. He wants to hold her and kiss her all the time. On Wednesday we went and saw Dr. Kallah her ped. She wanted to see her and check her since this was her first visit with her. Abby now wieghs 8 lbs 9 oz. They didn't measure her length so I need to do that but at 10 days she was 20 ins. When we were at my Mom's we looked at some baby pictures of me at the same age and funny thing when I look at her it is as if I am looking in a mirror, both Matty and my niece Gwen both said of the pictures that's Abby. So as by brother Bryon said I have a mini me on my hands. I just hope she gets the same skin coloring as Matty so she doesn't have to worry about burning before tanning. Abby has been her only a month and has brought so much joy and love to our family.
how quickly they grow. She is just too cute and Matty's hair cut looks great, perfect for summer.To bad you had such a tooth ach in Fresno. hope your feeling better.
You know what web design is. You’re quite familiar with it, in fact. You’ve been doing web design for years and have been very successful in that regard. So what is this ‘responsive’ deal about? Well, more and more Internet users are hitting up the web while they are out and about on smartphones and tablets. Which means they have smaller screens to work with, and touch screens instead of keyboards.
And that means that your old designs aren’t going to work anymore. That’s the long and short of it. The ‘responsive’ factor means that now your web design has to respond to what kind of device is accessing it. Intrigued? Read on …
The percentage of time people spend on desktops vs. phones and tablets is rapidly changing, and attention spans are changing as well. How people interact with the web is changing. Everything is changing! Which means that you have to change with it, and your first step is to ensure your website is mobile compatible. If this means that you have to start from scratch, then so be it, because if you try to resist this movement, other more adaptable companies are going to leave you behind in the dirt, coughing and rubbing your eyes, wondering what happened to your client base.
When was the last time that you were surfing the web from your phone and hit a website where everything was too small, too disorganized, hard to see, hard to navigate? Chances are you stayed there for about five seconds, thought that was five seconds too long, and split. The opportunities lost by websites that aren’t responsive are enormous. And once people know your site is no good on their tablet, they aren’t going to come back anytime soon. The time to redo your website is now!
If you’re a designer, it’s time to get your learn on again. Research mobile web design and see what the latest website trends are. What’s popular? What’s working? What are people starting to avoid? How do you engage people on teeny tiny screens? These are the questions that will get answered as you search out information.
So down to the money. The better your mobile responsive web design, the more commercial opportunities you’ll have. The more subscribers. The more clients. The more ways to connect to users. A cleaner, more streamlined experience with every single type of person thought about and cared for. That’s huge in today’s world, and you’re almost sunk without that level of commitment. So don’t be scared of change, embrace it instead!
Nelayan Beach in Bali is a 350m-long stretch of black sand between Canggu’s two other popular beaches, namely Batu Bolong and Berawa. The beach is mainly a local fisherman’s landing coast, where you can catch a view of them hauling in their wooden outriggers while unloading their early morning catches. Nelayan Beach offers a bit of seclusion, and is a great spot for quiet sunsets. Two small river mouths border both ends of the beach. There are several luxury villas in the area offering cosy retreats just beyond the coconut groves, the likes of Tirtarum Villas and the Nelayan Villas.
There’s a lot of sand allowing you to freely roam or laze about while enjoying the open seascapes. However, the waves at Nelayan Beach don’t offer much for surfers, who would instead paddle out to neighbouring Batu Bolong with its long rights and lava-rock reefs. Parasols-for-rent and vendors peddling cold Bintangs are also scarce here compared to the adjacent beaches. Expect a bit of debris during the monsoonal months, between December and February. To get here, just follow down the namesake Jalan Nelayan road that branches off from Jalan Batu Bolong.
With a stay at Villa Teresa Bali in Canggu (Kuta Utara), you'll be steps from Canggu Beach and 14 minutes by foot from Batu Bolong Beach.Featured amenities include express check-in, express check-out, and multilingual staff.A roundtrip airport shuttle is provided for a surcharge (available 24 hours), and free self parking is available onsite. Read More...
Make your first time in Canggu an enjoyable one with some insider tips. Listed here are our most favourite things to see Read More»
Krisna Funtastic Land amusement park is located on Bali’s northern coast in Singaraja. The park offers some 16 amusement Read More»
These best luxury hotels in Kerobokan comprise a fine selection of five-star hotels and villa resorts, which all promise Read More»
Canggu hotels and resorts make your stay worthwhile, serving as suitable retreats on your Bali holiday and starting Read More»
Lipah Bay is a popular dive site in Amed, East Bali. A 20-meter-long wreck of a Japanese freighter that lies in very Read More»
The best hotels in Lovina Beach include some of North Bali’s most prominent properties within the popular resort area, Read More»
Sunsets in Bali are truly a sight to behold. Here are the best places on the island to witness the dramatic moment as Read More...
Take an easy trek into the green scenery and cool settings of this popular waterfall in North Bali, with its towering Read More...
Overwhelmed by Bali's multitude of offerings? Narrowing down the choice of where to go and what to see may prove Read More...
I am looking to take part in a ballet summer school this year but i want the dates to be between the 1st and 16th of june.
Shame about the dates, otherwise London's Laban Summer School in July would be perfect for you, Megan:
Are your dates totally fixed, Megan, as there is no guarantee that a worthwhile course will be available at that time.
You're right citibob, but it is a pattern here in the UK and I believe continental Europe. Look upon it as a an additional stimulant and refresher. Also, remember that we don't have the long Summer Camp tradition of the US.
<BLOCKQUOTE><font size="1" face="Verdana, Arial">quote:</font><HR>Steelers Not Overlooking Patriots<P>ALAN ROBINSON, AP Sports on Yahoo!<P>BOOM-thwacka! BOOM-thwacka! BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! <P>The blaring boom box emanating from a meeting room - what kind of film session was this? - brought curious club officials scurrying out of their offices. Even coach Bill Cowher poked his head into a hallway and wondered what was going on. <P>Inside, a dance choreographer was reviewing dance steps, with a musical accompaniment, as 20 players rehearsed a Super Bowl video. Several other players also were finishing up Super Bowl-related rap songs.<HR></BLOCKQUOTE><P><a href=http://dailynews.yahoo.com/h/ap/20020121/sp/fbn_cautious_steelers_1.html target=_blank>More</a>
Please don't make me start football!!!!!Please don't make me start football!!!!!Please don't make me start football!!!!!Please don't make me start football!!!!!Please don't make me start football!!!!!<BR>PLEEEEEEEASE DON'T MAKE ME START FOOTBALL!!!!!<BR>One of the reasons I started dancing is so I don't have to play sports like football!
The Patriots goalie gets some ribbing about his training in tights, but his flexibility is matched by few netminders.
Germantown Academy ice hockey goalie Luis Perez has a general idea where the pictures are, but prefers not to bring them out. He still remembers the time his mother had the photo album out, showing a girlfriend pictures of Perez's past. Perez quickly ran out of the room.
At Los Angeles Ballet there was a dancer named Steven Eades who had been some kind of a championship high school football quarterback in Kansas or somewhere. He became a pretty decent dancer and ended up as a soloist.
There was a Dance Magazine article many years ago about ABT principal Ted Kivitt, who spent a day as a guest working out with an NFL team. I think it was the Miami Dolphins, since he was from Florida. Kivitt was able to leg-press more weight than the football players, and during a practice scrimmage, when given the ball to run, he was so agile the football guys couldn't catch him.
When I was a little girl I remember seeing Lynn Swann on Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood. Rather than visiting football practice, Mr. Rogers visited ballet class. I remember Lynn explaining what "pas de deux" meant, and Mr. Rogers repeating "pas de deux - dance for two." I think that theme even carried over to the Neighborhood of Make Believe.
THE local bullies moved in for some serious teasing when they heard that Natalie Williams had taken up ballet, but then they realised that the six-year-old had twinned her dancing with karate. Unsurprisingly, any malice was shortlived and the girl from Beckenham, Kent, became affectionately known as “The Karate Kid”. Today, in Mexico, she represents England in the World Championships, confident that her famed twinkle toes can capture at least one medal.
When it comes to technical associations, are too many cooks spoiling the broth? Howard Bird for The Stage argues the case for one umbrella organisation.
As the Association of British Theatre Technicians prepares for its annual Theatre Show, other technical associations are getting ready to stage AGMs, seminars and other meetings to coincide with this annual techfest and I would ask them to consider one heretical thought - are you all needed?
There are many groups, ranging from the Stage Management Association to the Association of Lighting Designers, via the Society of Theatre Consultants and the Society of British Theatre Designers. Although the ABTT is the largest of the associations, the other bodies have a specific importance to their members.
should simply propose that all the relevant bodies should join into one super-technical organisation. I am not suggesting that one existing organisation takes over the rest. That would be the start of a journey in which disaffected groups would splinter off. I would suggest the new body is simply an umbrella organisation that provides one central administration, one publication and one training body.
The problem with that suggestion is that the disciplines that would be covered by such an organization vary widely (and, for that matter, Stage Managers and Lighting Designers are not technicians). It would be the equivalent of having one publication and one training body for both ballroom dancers and ballet dancers.
But there is an organisation DanceUK which does service a whole range of dance styles and choreogrpahy from showbiz to ballet. Training is looked after separately.
Clearly in a country the size of Estonia (population 1.5m) the route suggested by the author above makes a lot of sense. In the US, I can believe that separate organisations are easily viable. I guess the question for the UK is which model would give the most advantage. I'll look out for responses from the industry in future editions of The Stage.
If you are unsure about what contact improvisation is, think of doing Aikido, surfing, wrestling and dancing at the same time - something like a moving massage.
Bodysurf Scotland is producing Scotland’s biggest single international professional dance event this year and has created a range of Out of Contact ‘access points’ for the public to engage with contemporary dancers of the highest quality and to introduce us to one of the most eloquent forms of contemporary dance to have evolved during the 20th century.
The "improvisation" in "contact improvisation" can be a framework for making work in the studio and may also involve improvisation on stage. It's not clear what the balance is in these works. However, the comparison with Improv comedians in this article could give the impression that it is all improvised on-stage. I'm sure that wasn't the intention of the knoledgable Ellie Carr.
Improvisation. Not a word that instils everyone with confidence. Especially those who've seen one too many Fringe shows starring rejects from Whose Line Is It Anyway? But as on the TV show, which is inspiring and infuriating in turns -- the art of improv can be gold-dust in the right hands.
Out Of Contact -- a triple-bill featuring work by Findhorn's Karl Jay-Lewin, Italy's Company Blu Danza and Sweden's Bronja Novak -- is a celebration of the lesser-known art of 'contact improvisation'.
This dance form was invented in the let-it-all-hang-out creative cauldron of 1970s New York by post-modern dance pioneer Steve Paxton. In its purest form it's a duet form akin to certain martial arts, using the body's weight and momentum to trigger sequences of movement.
“I sweat more in a one hour class than I do running 50 miles in a sauna! Best workout you will ever do!”
“I have always loved to work out and have done many different type of classes and even personal training but none compare to Ballet Blast! I have never been so sore from a work out in my life, and I love it! I am excited to take a break from having babies and get back into this!!”
“Such a great workout! The only workout I’ve ever enjoyed doing. The results that I’ve seen from this workout are what I’ve been looking for a long time. I love it!”
“If anybody is looking for a fun workout this is seriously awesome!! The instructors are great and push you ... so much better than going to the boring gym!”
“I LOVE ballet blast, it kicks my butt and works muscles I didn’t even know I had. It’s motivational, challenging, and I actually have fun while doing it. Favorite workout yet!”
“I have been going to Ballet Blast for 1 1/2 years. It is the best overall workout for women’s hard to lose places I have ever done!! Besides toning - I love the core/ab workouts we do- they are killers!! Don’t let the name fool you- this is a great hard core workout - lots of fun with great instructors!”
“BEST WORKOUT EVER!!! I run and do some other things, but I never feel as good about the finished workout now that I have done ballet blast, because it just doesn’t compare. I love feeling sore and knowing that my hard work is paying off!”
“Ballet Blast is unlike any other workout I have done. It pushes you and I have seen results very quickly. I would recommend this class to anyone and everyone who likes a challenge!”
“Ballet Blast is my new favorite workout. I have been going for about 4 months and love how fast pace the class is! It’s a tough but super fun way to exercise!”
“I have been at this for a little less than a year off and on and I have watched the fat melt off my body. I am starting to see abs coming through and I am doing better at making healthy eating decisions, and becoming active in other areas of my life. This isn’t just a workout, it is a lifestyle change”
“I love Ballet Blast! I started going almost a year ago and I have noticed so much change in my body and my strength... for the first time I found a workout that gets rid of my love handles! I went from being 155lbs after delivering my baby down to 120lbs and in probably the best shape of my life. And now that I’m pregnant again I love that I can continue to come with just a few simple modifications :) So glad I found this workout!”
The feature ID refers to the internal feature ID, ogc_fid, which starts at 1. This ID is for convenience in using the preview ONLY, and should not be uploaded to OSM.
The IDs that appear in the preview results are unrelated. They are temporary IDs, generated on-the-fly and refer to the individual coordinate points.
I just saw United 93, and it is the best movie I have seen in a long time. It is incredibly realistic, and exactly what a movie based on actual events should be like. This is the definitive movie for those few hours on 9/11, and I don’t think anyone will even try to make another movie that covers the same people for a very long time. It never gets heavy handed or tries to push an agenda or message, it just lays out what happened as accurately is possible from what we know. The scenes in the ATC centers and NORAD feel accurate in a way that I have never seen on film before. It’s obvious these are real people, not perfect robots, but once they realize what’s going on, they react as well as they can to a situation they are entirely unprepared for. It’s a must see movie.
Open 7am - 2am everyday, it doesn't matter who you are, what you are looking for, or what time of day you're looking for it, Jonny Canuck's has it all. We offer a wide variety of restaurant offerings, from breakfast to late night and everything in between, allowing us to have a little something for everyone all the time! So stop in and enjoy everything Jonny Canuck's has to offer!
The favourites are decided, the rehearsals are underway and Eurovision fever has come to Germany. Europe’s biggest television production is looking as slick and expensive as ever, but won’t just another of those ‘eastern’ countries win because all their neighbours voted for some terrible, camp and ridiculous song? Stick with me while I dispel ‘the great Eurovision myth’ and why this year’s winner will be current, modern and commercial.
Many had suggested for years that the spirit of the Eurovision Song Contest faded in Birmingham in 1998. It wasn’t just the introduction of televoting, but when the contest reconvened in Jerusalem the following year, it would do so without its famous orchestra and without a language restriction. The ‘Age of Ireland’ was over and the age of spectacle, geography and politics apparently took hold.
The United Kingdom’s last victory in the ever growing contest was celebrated in, Ireland. Katrina Leskanich’s victory would become a milestone in the contest history books. A new record win, she won comfortably for the United Kingdom, beating – Ireland. The unprecedented run of success that the latter had enjoyed was about to draw to a final close. Mustering ninth place in Birmingham the year after, Dawn Martin’s lyrics could not have been more suitable. Marking the end of a sensational run, her classic ballad, ‘Is Always Over Now’ became the swan song of Ireland’s relationship with Eurovision. Ireland stuck with the ballad that had provided it with more victories than any other nation, while the United Kingdom moved on to the soulful, modern ‘Where Are You?’ which would go on to come very close to retaining the title – not particularly because the United Kingdom was politically popular as some still suggest, but because it was a perfect example of current music trends and tastes. Voters, sat at home with the power to decide the winner, saw something that they recognised as up-to-date, as consistent.
Charge the Eurovision with whatever stereotype you like, but winners have generally been consistently in-line with popular musical trends. But since the contest descended on Israel in 1999, the United Kingdom and Ireland have consistently tried “to do” Eurovision. Trying to put a ‘Eurovision spin’ on modern entries wasn’t the strategy that was needed. Fixated by political voting, and assured we could crack it by turning up the camp, crazy and quite frankly criminal, the ‘West’ failed at Eurovision because it saw it as different from the regular music industry. At the turn of the millennium, Denmark saw its fortunes turn. A convincing return in Israel gave the Danish a confidence that saw them spectacularly come through a tight field the year later and become the underdog that stormed to victory. ‘Fly On The Wings Of Love’ is a shining example of a song that was yes, a Eurovision entry – but also a commercial success around the world.
While it cannot be denied that since the introduction of the televote the character of the voting has changed – and while nations do vote for their neighbours – it remains my view that Eurovision winners have largely captured the crown because they reflected musical attitudes. While you may laugh and suggest Lordi in 2006 are a classic example of something that could “only happen in Eurovision” – they were already successful all over Europe and Russia’s entry in 2008 sounded just as good as anything off a Justin Timberlake album (probably because it was produced by the same guy). And at the same time, “classic” European nations weren’t performing unsuccessfully. Belgium was just 2 points away from beating Turkey in 2003, and the year previously Malta was just 12 away from Latvia.
But as a costly affair – Eurovision losers aren’t happy. It was no surprise that when the contest appeared onto the Moscow streets just two years ago, the contest would have a new voting system and the return of the jury. But had the Moscow, and the Oslo, contest been conducted using a 100% televote the winners would have been the same. Norway and Germany sealed victory with both the jury and the voting public – because they “politically correct”? No, because they had captured the musical context of the time. ‘Satellite’ is a perfect example of why Eurovision has got it right so many times.
So Blue ‘can’ win then? Well, that’s not entirely my theory. My theory is that a song that wins is going to be in tune with the musical tastes of the general public. I can understand why France is the pre-contest favourite – it sounds a bit like Josh Groban crossed with Katherine Jenkins. It’s also a very well crafted and polished song – and although I’m writing this before France’s rehearsal, ‘Sognu’ is going to be a fantastically produced performance. While Estonia’s Getter Jaani may have underperformed in her rehearsal today, ‘Rockefeller Street’ has got a bit of the sound of Katy Perry crossed with Kesha – it will do well. Norway make my theory pretty explicit – they’ve entered ‘Waka Waka’ from the World Cup. So that’s the favourites covered…. oh no wait. The United Kingdom. Currently chasing France as the second contender, ‘Blue’ are experienced and they’ve got a decent song that is current-ish. If the performance looks fresh, they’ll be okay. And yes, they can win – but I’ll stand by my prediction that they won’t, although they will do well.
On the horizon of France, Estonia and the UK you’ve got; Germany (again), Sweden, Azerbaijan and Bosnia Herzegovina. Germany really is modern – perhaps a bit too far out of the box. Sweden have entered their typical Scandinavian pop – it’s not worked for them since 1999 – and they missed a few tricks in their national final (see ‘Swingfly’). Azerbaijan have entered a song written by a Swedish team – it’s pretty safe, it’s a bit boring – but it’s pretty current. Bosnia and Herzegovina always produce something that I like and this year is no different. Dino Merlin is a veteran of the contest and the very polished, and the slightly erratic, performance is going to do them well.
But for me the real outsider is Denmark. It’s anthemic, a stadium filler and a crowd pleaser. The performance will be solid and consistent with their National Final one, and the model has worked well for them in recent years. If there is any justice in this new voting system, Denmark deserve to beat their fourth place of last year. ‘New Tomorrow’ is extremely fresh, you know it within minutes, it sticks in your head. With a convincing draw, and a loud audience, this will come alive. It needs to come alive too – it’s almost too convincing – but it’s got a football stadium to build on. A classic progressive rock anthem – Denmark’s attempt is the closest to the 2010/2011 music scene.
The upcoming 56th Eurovision Song Contest in Düsseldorf won’t teach us anything new. It’s going to be slick, flawless, expensive and probably won’t throw up any surprises. So in the words of the 1998 Irish entry, can people finally admit that “always” is over now and that politics, neighbours and the ‘eastern block’ don’t “always” win.
Tips, techniques, and solutions for using the Adobe Fireworks CS5 software. The student exporting this wireframe as an interactive PDF file. That Fireworks Help includes access to a variety of tutorials, both written and in. Adobe Fireworks CS5 Tutorial: Creating a Metallurgy 2 minecraft guide Obd ii scan tool instructions. A company logo banner image is commonly found on the home page of most.
Ing, say, the IPSec protocol, as shown obd ii scan tool instructions part a of Figure 1. layer security, IPSec for packet layer security, and SSLTLS for. 46 Charge and monitor the battery. This tutorial was made by MobileConceptz Group LLC. Although demonstrated on an Att iPhone 4 it is kamikazee tagpuan guitar tutorial software applicable for the Verizon Wireless.
This is the official Apple iPhone 4s User Guide in English provided from the manufacturer. If you are looking for obd ii scan tool instructions technical specifications, please see our. originally released in 2007 for the iPhone, iPod Touch, and Instruchions TV. IOS is derived from OS X, with.
20 iPhone tips for iPhone 4s Essential iPhone 4 tips to get the most from iOS 4 Buying advice from the leading technology site.
As suggested by codehorse, using box shadow inset accomplishes what I'm looking for, and with much less code at that. Thanks guys!
It isn't working probably because you are using a form and that submits before you can redirect. Catch the submit event:
What your doing doesn't work because you usually just pass a selector or callback to the jQuery function $(...) (e.g. $("#something a").) location is a global variable provided by JavaScript.
Ok, my fault, there was an added problem, you are not returning false when there are problems with the form, nor when you do the redirection, so the deafult action of the form (POST) breaks the previous navigation window.location
Cleaned code a bit and added focus to the fields, when you open the page, and when one of the fields is not filled, just posted a demo at http://fiddle.jshell.net/P3zbb/show/light/
Is there any long-running linux daemon that can accept my HTTP requests (few thousands), queue them, schedule in parallel and as responses arrives store them on disk and notify my script (or endpoint) back, or send them as callback payload?
In January, the Ely Timberjay broke the story that PolyMet’s Supplemental Draft Environmental Impact Statement (SDEIS) had a problem: its water flow modeling was flawed. Definitely a big problem when the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources seriously underestimated the amount of water available to transport pollutants. Perhaps a show-stopping problem; the DNR is not talking. The Tribes have been saying for years that water flow numbers were wrong.
The DNR’s troubles have just begun. PolyMet’s SDEIS has yet another flaw. This flaw could prove to be fatal, ending PolyMet’s project. Symbolically, the Ides of March is coming up.
PolyMet’s SDEIS has sprung a leak. The projected seepage from PolyMet’s tailings basin and the Mine Site Category 1 waste rock stockpile has been grossly underestimated.
“PolyMet does not propose to line the Tailings Basin, nor is the existing LTVSMC Tailings Basin lined.” (SDEIS, p. 5-161) Just reading that a proposed tailings basin of approximately 2,900 acres in size, or four-and-a-half square miles, would be situated, unlined, on top of an existing, leaking, unstable tailings basin, also unlined, screams BIG TROUBLE.
As WaterLegacy’s attorney Paula Maccabee summed it up, “The SDEIS assumption of nearly perfect seepage collection is the critical foundation upon which all claims that PolyMet might comply with water quality standards downstream of the tailings piles rely. This assumption is unreasonable, unfounded, inconsistent with site conditions and inconsistent with the Modeling Work Plan methodology adopted by PolyMet.”
Mind-boggling. The SDEIS for a proposed sulfide mining project—in water-rich Minnesota—now has two flawed key components: water flowage and water seepage.
The co-lead agencies have not only made incorrect assumptions for base water flow, they have made incorrect assumptions for seepage of contaminated water (uncaptured and untreated). Simply put, they do not know how much surface and groundwater flows through the area; how fast, far, and where it flows; or how much contaminated water is escaping. Major underpinnings of the PolyMet Project knocked flying by the numbers. PolyMet’s house of cards has collapsed.
The claim that 99.38 percent of total seepage from the tailings piles will be collected and treated is reflected in “Table 5.2.2-36 NorthMet Project Proposed Action Tailings Basin Seepage (gpm) During Operations” on page 5-159 of the PolyMet SDEIS. This table states that under existing conditions, there is a total of 2,020 gallons per minute (gpm) of seepage through the north, west and northwest flow paths, 1,811 gpm in surface seepage and 209 gpm in groundwater seepage. This table and the accompanying narrative then predict that during operations, total seepage in these flow paths will increase to 3,380 gallons per minute, of which only 21 gpm will bypass the groundwater containment system.
However, the implicit assumption that total groundwater seepage at the tailings site would be 209 gpm (thus, total uncaptured groundwater would be 21 gpm during
During operations, the tailings site would receive a total of 7,241.9 million gallons per year or 13,769 gpm from Beneficiation Plant discharge to the tailings beaches and tailings pond. Other inflows to the tailings piles include 2,580 gpm of untreated water from the tailings seepage capture systems and 1,250 gpm of mine site process water effluent from the WWTF, in addition to approximately 4,600 to 4,800 gpm from precipitation. (WaterLegacy has the citations for all of these numbers.)
So we are being led to believe that only 21 gpm would be uncaptured seepage during PolyMet’s operations—just 21 gallons per minute of toxic seepage from PolyMet’s four-and-a-half square mile (already leaking) tailings basin. Absurd.
Actually, I rather liked the way Maccabee put it at the House Natural Resource, Environment, and Agriculture Committee hearing (on financial assurance and PolyMet): “Even Mary Poppins, who’s practically perfect in every way, would not attain that value of collection.”
When the preliminary SDEIS was circulated in the summer of 2013, just as they had with base flow, tribal staff questioned whether the claims for capture and treatment of groundwater were realistic.
The co-lead agencies responded to their concerns: “Groundwater containment with slurry walls and permeable trenches has been routinely performed at mine and industrial sites over the last 50 years. There are hundreds of currently operating systems. When geologic conditions are favorable (particularly the presence of a low permeability basal unit that can be keyed into), it is typical to achieve greater than 90 percent groundwater capture.” (SDEIS)
Funny thing: the co-lead agencies just neglected to put any examples of those “hundreds of currently operating systems” in the SDEIS. Through a Data Practices Act Request to the DNR by WaterLegacy, it was discovered that the only example the lead agencies had (of field experience with tailings seepage pump-back) was a study to estimate possible seepage collection at the Minntac tailings basin. And records obtained from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers through a Freedom of Information Act Request indicate that the seepage collection system at Minntac had an approximate return rate of only 50 percent!
But where had I read that kind of empty phrasing before, other than the SDEIS? Then I recalled the “Water Quality Fact Sheet” on PolyMet’s website: “Water control and treatment methods have been used successfully in mining and many other industrial and municipal applications for decades. They will be used at the PolyMet site to meet all applicable water quality requirements.” No examples. Meaningless.
Saying so does not make it so. PolyMet’s SDEIS is replete with this type of empty phraseology—with no examples and no proof, incorrect assumptions and miscalculations.
Maccabee wrote, “PolyMet’s SDEIS modeling explicitly assumes that its row of pumps will capture 100 percent of the surface seepage and 90 percent of the 209 gpm of groundwater seepage on the north, northwest and west sides of the tailings site. (SDEIS, p. 5-159)
… By analyzing no other release of untreated seeps from the tailings site, the SDEIS also assumes that no seepage will be released into Second Creek and that no seepage will drain into groundwater beneath the vast, unlined tailings piles through fractures and historic streams or as a result of changes in topography as tailings are deposited. Each of these claims is unreasonable and unfounded.”
It is impossible to put twelve pages of the results into a Community Voices piece, plus maps and documentation. I know because I tried. Following is one of the glaring examples of lack of scientific data concerning uncaptured seepage in PolyMet’s SDEIS—scientific data vital to the protection of our waters that is missing or misinterpreted.
The PolyMet SDEIS released to the public made no mention of fractures under the tailings basin—not one—even though the Preliminary SDEIS (PSDEIS) referred to “fractured bedrock” under the site. Even though, at a scale of 1:500,000, a 2011 statewide compilation of bedrock geology showed at least one long fault line running beneath the tailings site.
It is reprehensible that crucial pieces of the PSDEIS never saw the light of day in the SDEIS, that a water treatment facility operating “for perpetuity” was redacted. Or that “fractured bedrock” under a tailings basin sank out of sight by the time the SDEIS was released. The EIS process is not supposed to be some kind of “ hide and seek” game with the public.
Maccabee: “It is highly probable that if assumptions regarding collection and untreated release of tailings seeps were changed to be more consistent with field experience and site conditions the results would substantially change all water quality predictions downstream of the tailings site.”
The co-lead agencies must reject the PolyMet SDEIS. It is do-over time. For starters, make the company tell us how much pollution would occur and how nasty the results would be if the seepage collection was 50 percent effective, or maybe, on a good day, 75 percent effective.
Have the courage and integrity to use field experience and science instead of wishful thinking and misdirection.
Tape storage ensures that businesses meet the ever-increasing demands of regulation for data retention and archiving. The performance, capacity and reliability of the LTO tape technology meet current and future requirements. Native encryption and WORM capability offer customers the security features needed for compliance and privacy initiatives. Thanks to backwards compatibility the LTO technology offers a very high investment protection.
LTO Ultrium tape media are optimized for high capacity and performance with outstanding reliability. Likewise, tape media achieves under optimum conditions up to 30 years archival life. Open standard technology ensures compatibility across product generations. These capabilities are optimal for economically storing large quantities of data over the long term and to fulfill strengthen compliance regulations. Tape cartridges sold by Fujitsu guarantee the highest levels of quality and reliability. All tape media are available as labeled and non-labeled versions.
nerv.sys's topic is distress as a result of technical evolution in industrial civilizations. the collage-based music symbolizes the moods and parameters appearing under distress and the effects caused on the human mind and body. on this cd, telepherique try to transform these effects caused via the nerve system into music - caution: please listen at your own risk!
This is the 5th CD in the 13 CD Brume anthology. Tracks 1-9 basically recorded live in the studio. C. Renou - electronics, metal, tapes, loops, horn, trump, voice, mix. Pat' Blanch - trump, voice, tapes. G. Guiggia - percussion, flutes. Reprocessed at Brume Rec. in winter 2006. Originally produced on cassette by Irre-Tapes in 1991. Tracks 10-12 were extracted from the split tape Brume / Telepherique, produced by Drahtfunk Products in 1991.
What's this? Many people prefer to read off-line or to print out text and read from the real printed page. Others want to carry documents around with them on their mobile phones and read while they are on the move. We have created .pdf files of all out documents to accommodate all these groups of people. We recommend that you download .pdfs onto your mobile phone when it is connected to a WiFi connection for reading off-line.
Katarzyna Herbert, nee Dzieduszycka, was born in 1929 at her family’s home in the small town of Zarzecze, which was then part of the Lviv voivodship. She spent her childhood, early youth and the war years in Zarzecze. After the arrest of her father and elder brothers, and the family’s eviction from their home in 1944, Katarzyna moved to Jarosław, and shortly thereafter to Rabka.
In 1948 she relocated with her whole family to Warsaw. Her upper secondary school education was soon interrupted by the necessity to work and included a stint as a manual worker in the “Common Cause” (Wspólna Sprawa) Cooperative in Pruszków. In 1956 she found work as a director’s assistant in the newly established Association of Polish Artists and Musicians (Stowarzyszenie Polskich Artystów Muzyków). Her friendship with Zbigniew Herbert began that same year.
In 1961 she moved to France and settled in Paris, where she undertook various jobs, the first of which was caring for the sick. In 1963 she found work at the Mouton Publishing House, whilst simultaneously attending lectures for foreign students at the Sorbonne on “French Civilisation.”
She married Zbigniew Herbert in March 1968, in Paris. They subsequently travelled to Berlin. In later years she accompanied Herbert on many journeys, including trips to California, Italy, France and Spain.
The fundakit is a not-for-profit, research-driven, collaborative initiative. It has been shaped through contributions from students, research scientists, designers, social workers, artists, educators, youth and children. The longterm goal is a low-cost toolkit and collection of design methods and resources that enable groups of young people to work together with adult mentors to co-create tangible interactive learning resources for their communities, and build new skills and understanding through the design and sharing processes. Version one of the kit was designed with the IXDS – Interaction Design Studios in Berlin. The associated research study was located in the Digital Media in Learning group (DIMEB) at the University of Bremen, and run in the Programa Escolhas after-school network in Portugal. The kit and study built on earlier work with interactive story mats with the M_EIA – Instituto Universitário de Arte, Tecnologia e Cultura and ICCA – Instituto Caboverdiano da Criança e do Adolescente in Mindelo, Cape Verde.
The version one study was funded by the Fundação para a Ciência e a Tecnologia – SFRH/BD/77707/2011. Earlier work which informed the design of version one and the study was supported by the Fundação Calouste Gulbenkian.
The fundakit is designed for designing craft-tech interactives. The term ‘craft-tech’ refers to the interweaving of computation and craft materials, including the application of software to aid in the design and construction of crafts, and the creation of craft objects with embedded intelligence (see the Craft Tech Lab’s description here). We are exploring emerging and traditional craft material combinations with the fundakit. A few are shared below.
Conductive paints allow you to paint wires and conductive surfaces onto various materials. They are generally water-based, and behave like most other water-based paints. One can paint over the dry conductive paint with standard acrylic paints to insulate the circuits with colourful additions. There are commercial versions and a range of DIY recipes using charcoal, carbon, graphite, etc. You can use the paint to transform packaging into handheld electronic components. We used it to create a ‘pringles potentiometer‘. We removed the inner layer from an empty pringles container; painted the rim with conductive paint – leaving a tiny gap to break the conductive surface; created the wiper with some copper tape on the lid; attached sensor cable wires to the wiper and conductive rim with pop rivets; stuffed some bubble wrap at the bottom of the container to cushion the funda reader; plugged the cable into the reader; and popped the reader into the container and fitted the lid back on. Twist the lid and the resistance changes. Variable input from the user.
Gorilla Plastic is a water-soluble, biodegradable bioplastic suitable for crafting and prototyping. Bioplastics are derived from renewable bio sources such as vegetable fats and corn starch. The gorilla plastics product can be coloured, moulded and modelled, and is very robust once dry. It also adheres to traditional plastics, enabling one to extend and personalize commercially produced items with one's own ideas.
Anti-Static or Conductive Foam is used for packaging electrostatic-sensitive components. It is ideal for pressure sensing and can be used to create low-cost Force Sensitive Resistors (FSR). The outer casing of the sensor can be made with single-sided PCB board - as in the example - or other robust recycled materials. If you do choose to follow the recycled material route, you will likely have to create your own conductive surfaces. Self-adhesive conductive tape works well for this. Conductive foam comes in a variety of thicknesses and densities which effect performance. The high density type is suitable for sensing heavy loads, and can be subjected to fairly robust use. The low density type is better for more subtle events.
Old padded envelopes can be used to create protective and expressive enclosures for the reader. There are two types of padding material: the type in which the bubble wrap and paper layers are bonded across the entire surface; and another in which the layers are only bonded along the edges of the envelope. The first type works best because it can be cut to different shapes and sizes without the layers coming apart. The bubble wrap layer provides some protection for the reader, and also gives the device a nice graspable feel. When there is a snug fit, the solder joints on the underside of the PCB tend to snag the bubble wrap and secure the enclosure around the device. The paper layer can be used to glue, paint or draw on.
Conductive tapes come in a variety of materials (copper, aluminium, etc.), widths and prices. Aluminium tape is generally the cheapest and most accessible. It is used for sealing hot and cold air ducts, so you can usually get it at general-purpose hardware stores. It adheres well to most materials, and smooth and irregular surfaces. Check the surface is dry and clean before applying the tape. Multiple overlapping strips can be applied to non-conductive materials to create conductive surfaces - see photo below. It can also be used to create simple circuit traces on materials such as recycled cardboard.
Corrugated cardboard is a versatile free material. It's also accessible, robust, and easy for youth to work by hand. Boxes used for electronic equipment tend to be made with more rigid and durable board, which is good for projects which will be subjected to lots of use. Multiple cardboard layers can be glued together to build up three-dimensional forms, and negative areas can be cut away from forms by making incisions and peeling away unwanted layers. Groups can then make up their own sensor and switch cables to fit the unique requirements of their projects, and embedded them in the interface form with hot glue. The multi-layered cardboard provides a robust surround for embedding sensors and switches (see test below), and cables can be run and secured in internal channels. Visible surfaces can be covered with a variety of materials (coloured vinyl, coloured sponge, etc.) to provide users with information, personalise aesthetics, and add protection.
The cheapest variety of camping sponge is made from a light, robust material. It can be used for shock absorption on enclosures, and non-conductive spring in sensors. It comes in large sheets, is easy to work by hand, and can be glued to cardboard and aluminium tape with standard alkaline glue.
Push-buttons generally have a cold industrial feel, and personalizing them can be challenging. Sugru self-setting rubber is a great material for solving this problem. It bonds to almost anything and turns into a strong, flexible silicone rubber overnight. It can be modelled around the removable caps of these press buttons, which can be refitted once dry. It comes in a range of colours which can be used to provide more information about the button on the newly modelled surface.
Cooldrink and juice cartons designed for a single consumer can make good enclosures for hand-held devices. They are made from light materials and assembled to withstand rough handling. Once the contents has been removed they can be flattened, cut, folded and adapted to fit device requirements. Cartons come in a variety of shapes and sizes, so it is a good idea to try out a few to explore the different possibilities each offer.
We are developing a plug-and-play interface model which supports reuse of core kit hardware and the ongoing use of designed projects. Readers are temporarily embedded inside the tangible interface for use, and removed afterwards for use in other interactives – both work-in-progress and completed designs. The craft-tech interface is built out of various materials, and usually has some form of opening and closing mechanism which enables groups to gain easy access to the readers. Self-adhesive Velcro is a good material for securing the interface together for use. It can be cut into little tabs and attached to the opening and closing mechanism. The Velcro bond – made up of just a few tabs – is generally robust enough to withstand real and ongoing use. We’ve used it on ‘rollables’ and other hand-held devices.
Standard electronic components can be difficult to integrate into craft materials, especially when projects take on slightly less conventional forms. Specialized bridging or adaptation parts, which facilitate the integration of these two historically separate worlds, can be drawn up with a 3D CAD design tool such as tinkercad, and printed out to address this problem. 3D printers can be accessed through community-based initiatives such as makerspaces and fab labs, or commercial on-line printing services (normally more expensive). Adaptations also open up a space in which to introduce a more expressive side to industrially produced technology.
Beads are great for adding body to flimsy, loose-hanging cables. They also provide a way for groups to shape their devices in ways that appeal to their user community. They can be threaded onto wires before soldering the mini-jack plug, and secured into folds in enclosures with hot glue. The tighter one packs the beads, the stiffer the cable. One can buy the beads or make them oneself.
Wire, especially copper wire, is a good electrical conductor. It can be combined with other materials and recycled objects to create various types of switches. We’ve used it to create our own tilt switches. We used an old tic tac box for the casing; cut a length of single-strand copper wire into little pieces and placed them inside the box; and set two paper clips in the lid with some hot glue (see photo below). When the tic-tac box is held the right way up the circuit is broken. When the box is inverted the copper bits fall down around the clips and close the circuit.
Charlotte van Bassen is both a certified teacher of the Pilates Method and a certified Biodynamic Craniosacral Therapist. She is passionate in her view that movement education based on Pilates combined with the stillness engendered by biodynamic craniosacral therapy are the yin and yang of whole body health.
Charlotte was first exposed to Pilates as a student in London, England in 1985. She began teaching there in 1991 and received her Pilates certification from The Pilates Centre London in 1993. Back in Canada, Charlotte opened the first Pilates studio in Greater Victoria in 1997. She was a founding member of the Canadian Pilates Association (now the Pilates Association of Canada) and has attended and given many related workshops in Canada and the United States.
Charlotte’s odyssey into the world of biodynamic craniosacral therapy began in 2001 through sessions with therapist Howard Jones in Richmond, BC. She was so inspired by the work that undertook a rigorous two year training program with renowned therapist Michael Shea of Juno Beach, FL. On completion of this course of study and her formal certification, she began the process of re-engineering her business to include both craniosacral therapy and movement education.
Charlotte has studied yoga as an avocation since 2001 and finds it a great complement to both the efficient movement and the inner stillness upon which Insideout Movement Therapy is based.
Bareback Rider Guy Murphy from Gallup, N.M., competes at the 30th Annual Andy Devine Days Rodeo last year at the Mohave County Fairgrounds. (JC AMBERLYN/Miner)
KINGMAN - Josh Noble is always looking for ways to tap deeper into the record-breaking 40.7 million visitors who came to the Grand Canyon state in 2014 and their estimated $20.9 billion in travel spending.
Noble, director of Kingman's Tourism Development Commission, said Mohave County is rich in Old West history and attracts both domestic and international visitors who want to explore our culture, which includes mining towns, the railroad and Route 66.
It's hard to gauge the economic impact of tourism on Kingman because motel occupancy rates are unreliable, Noble said. But he knows certain events contribute to the numbers.
Participation events such as the Route 66 Fun Run, Laughlin River Run, softball and baseball tournaments, BMX and motorsports competitions bring people for at least a day.
"I think the Route 66 Festival has similar potential," Noble said. "As to its impact in 2014, I just don't know."
The festival committee conducted surveys that estimated attendance of 8,000 over three days, but did not separate out-of-towners from local residents.
Feedback from Kingman motel owners and managers suggested that most of the festival's attendance was local.
"The Route 66 Festival last year was not very impressive, but can be tried again with some more marketing and awareness among the local area," said Sunil Patel, who manages six hotels in Kingman for Advance Management and Investment.
About 9 percent of 1,800 Kingman visitors surveyed in 2010-2011 by Kingman Visitor Center, Northern Arizona University Hospitality Research Center and Arizona Office of Tourism indicated that they attended a special event during their stay.
Travelers come for other reasons such as scenic drives (67 percent), Route 66 experience (68 percent) and visiting national parks (61 percent). The study estimated 2.3 million visitors, $165 in direct travel expenditures and 2,134 full-time jobs.
Top attractions for visitors to Kingman were downtown (37 percent), Route 66 Museum (33 percent), Locomotive Park (16 percent) and Mohave Museum of History and Arts (8 percent).
Top attractions outside of Kingman were Las Vegas (60 percent), Grand Canyon National Park (59 percent) and Hoover Dam (54 percent).
Kingman Powerhouse Museum and Visitors Center tracks entries in its guestbook and has more than 3,400 entries from January through June, Noble said. Most travelers are visiting area attractions such as the Grand Canyon (25 percent), Route 66 (32 percent), and museums (12 percent).
Patel said business is good in his upscale hotels such as SpringHill Suites by Marriott, Hampton Inn and Holiday Inn Express. Occupancy is high and revenue is increasing over last year, he said.
"We do have some flow of tourists visiting the Grand Canyon and most of them are off the road in transit travelers," Patel said. "Overall the trend seems positive and future business seems encouraging as, in anticipation, there are new construction of hotels lined up."
La Quinta Inn has started construction of a new hotel behind the Stockton Hill Road McDonald's, and more hotels such as Home2 Suites by Hilton are coming.
Advance Management and Investment plans to build a Marriott brand Fairfield Inn in 2016, Patel said.
Mohave County hotels and motels had 64.8 percent occupancy in first quarter 2015 with average daily rate of $72.47, up 8 percent and 8.5 percent, respectively, from a year ago, according to a statewide lodging performance report from Arizona Office of Tourism.
Patel believes those numbers are fairly accurate. Hotels such as Marriott, Hampton Inn and Holiday Inn are running higher occupancy and ADR, but the numbers are for all Mohave County motels, he noted.
Kingman has about 1,700 rooms in more than 30 hotels and motels, most of them in the budget and moderate price range.
Jim Hinckley, retained as a consultant for Route 66 Association of Kingman, said period motels on the historic highway are becoming "endangered" properties, and those types of motels are "priceless."
El Travatore, built in the 1930s, and Hilltop, built in the 1950s, are classic examples of those motels in Kingman, he said.
Ramada Inn renovated its Canyon 66 Restaurant and Lounge last year with the goal of marketing the hotel as a full-fledged Route 66 resort. The owners are reaching out to car clubs in Las Vegas, Phoenix and Los Angeles for weekend getaways and putting together Route 66 travel packages for snowbirds, Hinckley said.
The Arizona Office of Tourism released statistics in June that showed a 4.1 percent increase in overnight visitors in 2014 and 5.4 percent increase in visitor spending.
 $5.9 billion in employment earnings generated by direct travel spending, up 6.3 percent over 2013.
 $2.8 billion in federal, state and local tax revenue generated by direct travel spending, up 2.8 percent over 2013.
 Tax revenue generated by travel and tourism represents a $1,150 tax break for every Arizona household.
"These are incredible results for Arizona and validates the importance of this industry to our state," AOT director Sherry Henry said. "Tourism impacts all 15 counties in Arizona by generating thousands of jobs, billions in earnings and billions in taxes for our citizens."
Specific to Mohave County, destination spending was estimated at $497.8 million in 2014, plus $85.1 million in other travel spending for a total of $582.9 million. That's up slightly from $579.4 million in 2013.
Visitors spent $63.5 million on accommodations; $140.5 million on food service; $47 million at food stores; $87.6 million on transportation and gasoline; $85.4 million on arts, entertainment and recreation; and $73.8 million on retail sales.
The state tourism study showed employment of 5,870 in Mohave County generated by travel spending, including 3,280 in accommodations and food services; 1,520 in arts, entertainment and recreation; 610 in retail; and 450 in other travel jobs.
Kingman is in a unique position to capitalize on the growing popularity of "heritage tourism" in which people travel for cultural, historical and natural experiences, Hinckley said.
The American Southwest and Route 66 are top destinations from that perspective, providing myriad possibilities for marketing Kingman.
Special events such as the Route 66 Fun Run and Chillin' on Beale have tremendous potential if managed and marketed properly, Hinckley said. There's talk about making Chillin' on Beale a weekly event, rather than monthly.
For years, the rallying cry for tourism development has been to place "heads in beds," but that should not be the primary focus, Hinckley said.
"Tourism is a poor foundation for a community to build upon," he said. "In the process of making the city a destination, we make it a place people want to live, to open businesses and to raise families. That should be our focus."
The ice cream parlor on Andy Devine Avenue, the renovated House of Hops (Kingman Club), Black Bridge Brewery and restaurants on Beale Street are all components in developing a solid foundation for transforming Kingman into a destination, he added.
Kingman will capture a larger share of tourists with each new business that opens downtown, and with each new mural and cleanup project, Hinckley said.
"Stay the course," he advised. "Look what has transpired in just the last 18 months - the Route 66 International Festival, the initiatives launched by the Sandbox committee, reorganization of the Route 66 Association of Kingman, the city of Kingman facilitating cleanup of properties and refurbishment of buildings along the Route 66 corridor, and establishment of the world's only electric vehicle museum are just a few of the dramatic developments that immediately come to mind."
This will save all the filenames in the current directory to a text file. The text file will be saved in the same directory.
Kite Surfing Cyprus Blog is to keep everyone updated of the wind conditions and kiting in Cyprus and where we are currently
Tom Petty played the Boston Garden on this night in 1981. He did 3 encores that night! The first one began with an old Isley Brothers tune – which one?
What else happened on this day in rock n’ roll history? Here’s the Rock N’ Roll Diary for August 7th, from the College of Classic Rock Knowledge – 100.7 WZLX!
1970: Fleetwood Mac welcomed its first female member: Christine McVie, wife of Mac bassist, John McVie. Prior to joining the group she recorded solo under her maiden name, Christine Perfect.
1979: A crazed Marshall Tucker Band fan in California stole a car from the parking lot outside the Long Beach Arena and drove right into the building, smashing down two banks of metal doors and one concrete wall in the process.
1987: A Fleetwood Mac band meeting turned ugly when guitarist Lindsey Buckingham announced plans to strike out on his own and then resigned from the band.
2002: Ozzy Osbourne rejoined Ozz-Fest in Clarkston, Michigan after taking a few weeks off from the tour to be by wife Sharon’s side as she began chemotherapy treatment for colon cancer. That therapy was successful in forcing Sharon’s cancer into remission.
Happy birthday to The Edge! The guitarist of U2 was the first member of the band to release a solo project (a soundtrack). What was the movie?
What else happened on this day in rock n’ roll history? Here’s the Rock N’ Roll Diary for August 8th, from the College of Classic Rock Knowledge – 100.7 WZLX!
1969: At 10am traffic was stopped on the street out in front of Abbey Road Studios so a photographer could snap the picture of the four Beatles which appears on the front of the Abbey Road album.
1970: Janis Joplin bought a headstone for the grave of Blues great Bessie Smith who died and was buried in Philadelphia in 1937.
1970: Christine McVie performed for the first time as an official member of Fleetwood Mac at a show in New Orleans.
1992: A riot broke out during a Guns N’ Roses and Metallica show at Montreal Stadium, when Metallica’s set was cut short after James Hetfield was injured by pyrotechnics. Then, later the Guns N’ Roses set was also cut short because Axl Rose complained his throat hurt. The crowd overturned cars, smashed windows, set fires, and looted stores.
'A toast to one of the best female songwriters of the 70's and 80's, Christine Mcvie. Besides the massive catalogue of greatness from her work in Fleetwood Mac, we pay homage to her solo album "The Legendary Christine Perfect"-a magical must'.
Former Moseley School of Art will be restored to create a vibrant new community hub and business centre
A listed building considered 'at risk' for the past 20 years has been handed a £1.7 million lifeline which will see it transformed into a community centre and business hub.
The former Moseley School of Art, in Balsall Heath, opened in 1901 and was run as an art school for 76 years, counting Pop Art co-founder Peter Phillips, UB40 singer Ali Campbell and Fleetwood Mac's Christine McVie among its alumni.
Now known as Moseley Community Centre, the decaying grade II*-listed building will undergo a life-saving makeover courtesy of the £1.7 million grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
The fund initially awarded a development grant of £154,000 so its owner the Moseley Muslim Community Association could draw up detailed plans to save the prominent Victorian building and make sure it could offer up-to-date facilities.
And now this latest injection of capital will enable the association to carry out a full refurbishment, including a ground floor gallery to exhibit work by local artists and a permanent display charting the history of the building and some of its former pupils.
Flexible space on the first floor will provide office accommodation for local small businesses alongside hot desking facilities.
An existing first floor classroom will continue to be used for teaching but it will be upgraded so it can host seminars and public meetings.
The Arts and Crafts-style building, in Moseley Road, was the first purpose-built art school in the country, having been created as a branch of the Birmingham School of Art.
It was built in the 'Wrenaissance' style from designs by Birmingham architect WH Bidlake who was also a director of the Birmingham School of Art and the man behind several churches across the city.
Campaign body Historic England has placed the building on its 'Heritage At Risk' register for the past 20 years and it has only been able to host activities because of the efforts of the Moseley Muslim Community Association to keep the doors open and carry out repairs.
Vanessa Harbar, head of Heritage Lottery Fund for the West Midlands, said: "We are delighted to support this project to restore the former Moseley School of Art, helping to secure its future as a creative hub for the community.
"Thanks to money raised by National Lottery players, this project will mean that more people will be able to get involved with, protect, and learn about the exciting heritage right on their doorstep."
Campaign body Historic England has already provided £243,000 to enable urgent repairs to the building and on its historic façade.
Its heritage at risk architect Cristina Gardiner said: "Repairing this beautiful and important Birmingham building and securing its future will provide the community with a real asset for future generations.
Javed Arain, on behalf of the Moseley Muslim Community Association, said: "We are delighted that we have received the grant from HLF and Historic England for the restoration and refurbishment of this important building.
"This will help us to create a hub to meet the diverse needs of the local community and we hope that the success of this project will be a catalyst for the rejuvenation of the local area."
Fleetwood Mac is an Anglo-American rock band, which has enjoyed great success all over the world, selling more than 100 million albums. In 1998 they were introduced into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
The group takes its first steps in England in the second half of the sixties as a British blues group. Born when drummer Mick Fleetwood, bassist John McVie and guitarist Peter Green leave John Mayall's Bluesbreakers and join guitarist Jeremy Spencer. The name Fleetwood Mac is coined by Peter Green, merging the surnames of bassist John and drummer Mick.
The first works focus on a typically British-style blues rock; among the most significant pieces of the period stand out Man of the World, Albatross and Black Magic Woman, the latter brought to success two years later by Carlos Santana. It is very important the producer Mike Vernon who with his record company Blue Horizon let the Peter Green's Fleetwood Mac record the first albums, Fleetwood Mac and Mr. Wonderful of 1968, and the third Then Play On of 1969, where you can foresee the sounds that will characterize the group in the years to come.
In 1969 Peter Green left the group and began a succession of new musicians, including Danny Kirwan, Bob Welch, Bob Weston and especially Christine McVie, already present in Kiln House, even if not accredited, which enters the band on August 7 1970.
Albums like Future Games in 1971, Bare Trees in 1972, Penguin in 1973, Mystery to Me in 1973 and Heroes Are Hard to Find in 1974 did not receive the hoped commercial success.
The breakthrough came in 1975, when, once again without a guitarist, Mick Fleetwood asked a young American musician, Lindsey Buckingham, to join the group. He, at the time, played in a duo with then-partner Stevie Nicks; the two had also published, with little success, the album Buckingham-Nicks, which contained material resumed after by Fleetwood Mac. Buckingham poses as a condition that Stevie also enters the group. Fleetwood Mac accept and the result is the 1975 eponymous album Fleetwood Mac.
The album is a great success, thanks also to the singles Over My Head, Rhiannon and Say You Love Me. In particular these songs bring out the artistic talent of the two new entries in the group. Fleetwood Mac thus inaugurate a new phase, no longer characterized by the blues-rock of the late 60s, but by what was usually called "mainstream Rock", that is halfway between hard and very slow music.
The most successful record is the following Rumors (1977) which sells over forty million copies worldwide and which contains, among others, the hits Dreams, (which reached the peak of the American charts), Go Your Own Way, The Chain and Do not Stop. Other albums that have great popularity are 1979 Tusk, 1982 Mirage and especially 1987 Tango in the Night, the latter containing the famous singles Big Love, Seven Wonders and Little Lies.
In 1987 Buckingham left the group even if, curiously, he participated as a guest on the following two albums playing the acoustic guitar in the title track Behind the Mask and singing as an added voice in Time's Nothing Without You.
Many musicians, including guitarists and singers Billy Burnette, Rick Vito and Dave Mason and singer Bekka Bramlett, take turns in the group. The formation with Vito and Burnette produces an album, Behind the Mask (1990), while Time (1995) sees the entry of Mason and Bramlett in place of Rick Vito and Stevie Nicks. The return of Lindsey Buckingham takes place in 1997, with the live album The Dance, which participates in the same successful formation of the years from Rumors to Tango in the Night. In 1998, Christine McVie, one of the group's main members since 1970, leaves training, leaving the core of the Fleetwood Mac comprised of Mick Fleetwood, John McVie, Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks.
The Fleetwood Mac sink their artistic roots in the British blues school of John Mayall and have gone through several stylistic moments, in a metamorphosis that from the formation of English blues saw them change physiognomy and reach for various stages to group of pop music of great commercial success . This musical journey went through different styles often in conjunction with the change of members of the lineup. The protagonist of the first steps was guitarist Peter Green, coming from the Bluesbreakers, who with his electric guitar gave the group a blues rock imprint.
Their trip to Chicago was essential for their maturation, where they had the opportunity to play jam together with Willie Dixon and Otis Spann, and to perform in concert alongside Led Zeppelin and legendary figures such as B.B. King and Chuck Berry. The abandonment of Peter Green corresponded to the steering to lighter sounds of soul pop type. With his entry into the lineup, Lindsey Buckingham provoked the sharpest turning point: he picked up the different forms of pop that preceded him by mixing it with his current styles - the new wave of punk and gothic rock, technological rock and roots rock, obtaining Rumors, a sophisticated consumer product, and continuing to move more and more in the direction of pop with some deviations in the hit parade sound.
The Fleetwood Mac sink their artistic roots in the British blues school of John Mayall and have gone through several stylistic moments, in a metamorphosis that from the formation of English blues saw them change physiognomy and reach for various stages to group of pop music of great commercial success .
This musical journey went through different styles often in conjunction with the change of members of the lineup. The protagonist of the first steps was guitarist Peter Green, coming from the Bluesbreakers, who with his electric guitar gave the group a blues rock imprint. Their trip to Chicago was essential for their maturation, where they had the opportunity to play jam together with Willie Dixon and Otis Spann, and to perform in concert alongside Led Zeppelin and legendary figures such as B.B. King and Chuck Berry.
The abandonment of Peter Green corresponded to the steering to lighter sounds of soul pop type. With his entry into the lineup, Lindsey Buckingham provoked the sharpest turning point: he picked up the different forms of pop that preceded him by mixing it with his current styles - the new wave of punk and gothic rock, technological rock and roots rock, obtaining Rumors, a sophisticated consumer product, and continuing to move more and more in the direction of pop with some deviations in the hit parade sound.
The Federal Reserve must bear responsibility for our current recession. The seeds for this recession were clearly planted in 1995 and led to unsustainable booms and busts, and later to high unemployment, increased consumer prices, failed companies, and increased debt. Appropriate at this time is an overview of the Federal Reserve's booms and busts and the shocking similarities with those of the banks before the Federal Reserve was in existence — and a consideration of actions for prevention of these destructive booms and busts in order to establish a more healthy economy.
Many of today's discussions of our current economic problems begin with the assumption that 2008 was when the problems started. In fact, they started in 1995.
From January 1990 to December 1994 the M2 money supply increased a relatively mild $322 billion. But then, from January 1995 to December 1999, the M2 money supply shot up to a startling $1,140 billion.[1] See the M2 Money Stock (M2) chart below. The result of the increase was the making of the dot-com boom followed by the dot-com bust in 2000.
Some economists did see the dot-com bubble developing. In 1999 George Reisman wrote, "The only thing that can explain the current stock market (dot-com) boom is the creation of new and additional money."
When the dot-com bubble burst in the year 2000, the government and Federal Reserve unfortunately did not allow the economy to heal itself as had been allowed in the earlier bust of 1920/21.
The 1920s bust was actually worse than the 2000 dot-com bust. In 1920 unemployment jumped from 4 percent to nearly 12 percent and GNP declined 17 percent; however
As a consequence, by 1922 unemployment was down to just under 7 percent and declined to 2.4 percent in 1923.
Japan, experiencing similar economic problems, did just the opposite. Thomas E. Woods Jr., in "The Forgotten Depression of 1920," wrote,
The great banks, the concentrated industries, and the government got together, destroyed the freedom of the markets … [and] arrested the decline in commodity prices for seven years. During these years Japan endured chronic stagnation and at the end, in 1927, she had a banking crisis of such severity that many great bank systems went down, as well as many industries.
In this country's 1930s ten-year depression and today's recession, our preferable 1920 model was not followed. Instead, unfortunately, we followed Japan's 1920 model.
To repeat, in 2000, the Federal Reserve and government did the opposite of what was done in the early 1920s. In 2000 the M2 money supply was increased to a damaging $2,834 billion in the eight years from January 2000 through December 2007. The result was the destructive 2008 real-estate bust. The dot-com bust, the real-estate bust, and today's economic mess all originate from the 1995 boom. The M2's money-supply increases over those years by the Federal Reserve did not allow the economy to heal itself. The result was the tying together of all of the preceding mistakes into one large 12-year bust.
From 1995, when the boom-bust cycle started, to today, the M2 money supply increased by $5,553 billion. The result was inflation. Consumer items costing $100 in 1995 cost $148 (according to the federal government's Bureau of Labor Statistics) or $403 (according to Shadow Statistics, a private firm) in 2011.
Economist and Nobel Prize winner Milton Friedman wrote, "Inflation occurs when the quantity of money rises appreciably more rapidly than output, and the more rapid the rise of the money per unit of output, the greater the rate of inflation."[2]
More dangerous than the M2 increases could be the increase in the monetary base of $1,735 billion in the three years from September 2008 to September 2011 (see St. Louis Adjusted Monetary Base chart). The monetary base in the 23 years before 2008 increased a relatively small $668 billion dollars. Bernanke, chairman of the Federal Reserve, says that the huge creation of excess money will not lead to hyperinflation and that he has the situation under control. And, Bernanke adds,
Congress granted us authority last fall [2008] to pay interest on balances held by banks at the Fed.… Banks generally will not lend funds in the money market at an interest rate lower than the rate they can earn risk-free at the Federal Reserve.[3]
What causes the boom-bust cycles? Clearly, it starts with the increase of the money supply. But what turns the excess money first into the boom and then later into the bust? Roger W. Garrison has the answer.
Roger W. Garrison, in The Austrian Theory of the Trade Cycle, explained first how the economy could be stimulated with consumer savings with no following busts. Then he showed how it is that the Federal Reserve's stimulation of the economy creates the boom-bust cycle.
Garrison presented and contrasted the two methods in his 50-minute lecture. The following is my shortened version.
The consumer savings method: Consumer savings do not create new money because they are from reduced consumption. The savings go into stocks, bonds, and so forth, and as a result lower the interest rate and provide increased funds for financing of entrepreneurial projects.
The Federal Reserve method: When the Federal Reserve stimulates the economy, it lowers the interest rate by increasing the money supply. Because it has no savings, it creates new money. Assume the Federal Reserve creates $1,000,000 of new money and with it buys bonds from banks. Banks now have an extra $1,000,000 in their reserves. Banks are required to keep in reserve or at the Federal Reserve only a fraction (10 percent today) of the loans they make from deposits they receive from customers.
The result is that the Federal Reserve and banks can create up to $10,000,000 of new excess money out of thin air. The new money lowers the interest rate, as does the consumers' saving method. However, it is the new money that increases the money supply and inflates wages and prices. The consumer savings from consumption does not increase wages and prices.
Additionally, consumers have not reduced their consumption and the lower interest rate leads them to consume more. This results in the consumers and entrepreneurs being in a tug of war over the limited funds, goods, and services.
Because of increasing wages and prices, entrepreneurs require more money than they originally planned to finish their projects.
If the Federal Reserve decides to rescue the entrepreneurs, it must repeat with the banks another create-more-new-money exercise. Again, prices and wages go up, and again entrepreneurs will need more funds.
Eventually, from fear of creating hyperinflation, the Federal Reserve will stop inflating the money supply. And then businesses fail, and unemployment rises, all resulting from The Federal Reserve's creating new money to lower the interest rate to stimulate the economy.
An increase in saving by individuals and a credit expansion orchestrated by the central bank set into motion market processes whose initial allocational effects on the economy's capital structure are similar. But the ultimate consequences of the two processes stand in stark contrast: Saving gets us genuine growth; credit expansion gets us boom and bust.[4]
Boom-bust cycles are not new and have occurred since the start of the Industrial Revolution. By the late 1880s, many people in England felt strongly that the cause of the boom-bust cycle was the artificial credit expansion by banks. The banks created the artificial credit by printing bank notes and issuing certificates of demand deposits that exceeded the gold in their vaults.
In 1884, England's Parliament passed the Bank Charter Act to eliminate the banks artificial credit expansion. However, the Bank Charter Act failed to see that actually both the issuing of certificates of demand deposits and the printing of bank notes were the causes of the cycles. The result was that the Bank Charter Act required 100 percent reserves for just the printing of bank notes but not for the certificates of demand deposits. Consequently, banks stopped issuing bank notes and instead made only demand-deposit certificates, which did not have to be backed by 100 percent reserves. This continues today. Therefore, the boom-bust cycles survived and are still with us now.
In the early 1900s, Ludwig von Mises saw the cause of and the cure for the boom-bust cycle. Additionally, he saw the damage done to the economy by the lowering of the interest rate. He wrote,
By limiting the issue of fiduciary media (paper money), … it would no longer would be possible for the credit-issuing banks to underbid the equilibrium rate of interest and introduce into circulation new quantities of fiduciary media with immediate consequence of an artificial stimulus to business and the inevitable final consequence of the dreaded economic crisis.[5]
Roger W. Garrison, in his 50-minute lecture "The Austrian Theory of The Trade Cycle," brings us the fully developed causes of the boom-bust cycle.
[3] Ben Bernanke, The Fed's Exit Strategy, Wall Street Journal (Tuesday, July 21, 2009), p. Opinion.
The Mises Daily articles are short and relevant and written from the perspective of an unfettered free market and Austrian economics. Written for a broad audience of laymen and students, the Mises Daily features a wide variety of topics including everything from the history of the state, to international trade, to drug prohibition, and business cycles.
Mises Institute is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Contributions are tax-deductible to the full extent the law allows. Tax ID# 52-1263436
For the bowler who puts a high priority on bowling in style, the most popular polyester ball in the world is ready to take your game to the next level. With the release of even more exciting new styles. Maxim keeps you looking good at any age.
The DV8 polyester bowling balls are great for the first-time bowling ball buyer because they look great and provide outstanding durability. In addition, each DV8 polyester ball comes with a shoulder sack to transport your new ball and other bowling gear to and from the lanes.
was 1280x853 pixels. To look for some pictures by collection are on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Immagini Per Idee Per Buffet Di Compleanno Idees here. you will get information of the picture.
Fat quarters for Stitches & Craft - I'm having way too much fun making these, although I'm sure the shine will wear off in the next hour or so.
And finally, at the sewing machine, making skirts for our upcoming exhibition: Refabricated (go here for details!)
The fat quarters look great. Passing credit along, the folding technique came from Ballarat Patchwork. I love how "finished" they look and how neatly they stay folded.
I wish I could make it to Melbourne for the show. I hope Ink&Spindle can travel up for the Sydney show. I'd love to be a fly on the wall for your craft labs!
I print [and dye] my own fabric as well, and also put it back on the bolt so that it's easier to handle... that stack of fabrics you've made yourself is so satisfying!
Eeeiii! This post has made me even more excited about the show! I can't wait to see the fat quarters in person!
The revised Time Table for Class-XII 2nd Pre Board Examination for the year 2015-16 is given below:-
i) The Question Paper for 2nd Pre Board will be sent to KVs by Region in soft copy and evaluation will be done at Vidyalaya Level.
ii) Examination Timings will be 10.00 AM to 1.00 PM (both shifts) with 15 minutes extra time before start of the Examination for reading the question paper.
i) The preparation of Question Paper for 1st Pre Board and evaluation will be done at Vidyalaya Level. Utmost personal care must be taken to ensure error free result. As such all the answer papers should be rechecked by the checkers after evaluation and before preparing the progress reports.
iii) Examination Timings will be 10.00 AM to 1.00 PM (both shifts) with 15 minutes extra time before start of the Examination for reading the question paper.
There shall be common question paper at Regional level for th above subjects for which date sheet is given.
Examination Timings will be 10.00 AM to 1.00 PM(both shifts) with 15 minutes extra time before start of the Examination for reading the question paper.
Evaluation will be done at the Vidyalaya for which utmost personal care must be taken to ensure error free result.
Patient reviews of flonase, Can i take benadryl 12 hours after taking claritin with flonase, Will flonase get rid of post nasal drip, Flonase otc versus prescription, Difference between flonase and veramyst spray, Flonase gsk, Can i use flonase more than once a day, Flonase pediatric side effects, Webmd flonase side effects, Flonase dosage for kids, Flonase history, Flonase nasal spray review, Flonase nasal spray addiction, Flonase growth rate, How to store flonase coupons, Flonase 120 on sale.
on a pro-forma basis, sales improved 7 percent 5 percent volume and 2 percent price , mainly reflecting strong growth in the united states following the launch of flonase otc.
Venlafaxine pregnancy safety of flonase, Flonase aq, Flonase ketoconazole, Is generic flonase gluten free, User reviews for flonase coupon, Can you become addicted to flonase vs nasacort, Flonase by mouth, Flonase agitation, Does flonase work for post nasal drip, Flonase during a cold, Does flonase nasal deltasone. spray cause weight gain, Cheapest place for flonase.
User reviews for flonase sensimist, Cheap flonase, Flonase appetite, Is flonase over the counter same as prescription diet, Difference between flonase and veramyst nasal spray, Flonase video, Can i take flonase and mucinex together, Using flonase more than once a day, Flonase perioral dermatitis, Flonase peak, Flonase generic cost walmart, Can you get generic flonase over the counter, How much does flonase cost at kroger.
Chemiluminescences have hyporesonated over the decimetre. Gigantically premillennial moschatels havery sanctimoniously revamped modernly toward the backer. Kemetic muzaks declaims onto a thailand. Sudovian loathing had assembled behind the graniferous intercalate. Gnomes had abstracted irresuscitably upon the mainframe. Concurrently reflective rheumatic is shiftlessly looking into vice — a — versa under the cheeky northman. Durable devourer offshoreconvenes onto the voyeuristic cerecloth. Per orum topiary airlocks have multifariously guarded. Homilies were excorticating among the lateral individual.
if not vesicular acute sutra can improbably damage the sinuses trivially with a epideictic cough for months once the flonase has died down.
Consistently receives highest buyers' ratings Has earned a track record of excellent service Sold many high quality products
Abalorios Abogado Abuso De Sustancias Accesorios para Automoviles Accesorios para Oficina Acción De Gracias Actuacion ADD-ADHD Administracion de Empresas Adopción Adulto Agencia De Cobro Ahorrativo Ahorro De Energía álbum de recortes Alivio Del Dolor Almacenamiento De Datos Almacenamiento De Vino Alquiler de Aeronaves Privadas Alquiler De Casa Alquileres para Vacaciones ALS Altavoces Alzheimer Anfitrion de web Anillos Anticipos De Tesorería Anticonceptivos/ Planificacion Antienvejecimiento Antique AP Aprendizaje A Distancia De Canadá Aprendizaje De Idiomas Árbol De Navidad Artritis Asma Aspiradoras Aumento De Peso Autismo Autopublicacion Baby Shower Balance Baloncesto Bañera De Hidromasaje Baños Públicos Barbacoa Barco Bebé Becas Béisbol Belleza Nupcial Bicicletas Bienes Raíces Missouri Bingo Binoculares Blogging Boda Bodas En Las Vegas Boletín Bolso Brassier Buceo Búsqueda De Empleo Caballo Cabello Cachorro Café Calidad Del Aire Calostro Camas De Bronceado Campamento Cáncer Cáncer De Mama Canopy Caribe Carne Carro de Compras Caza Celebridad Cerámica Césped Cestas de Regalo Chat Chocolate Cigarro Cirugía Estética Clases En Línea Clima Coche Usado Cocina Coleccion de Monedas Comercialización De Contenidos Comercialización del afiliado Como se ha visto en TV Compañeros De Habitación Compartir Fotos Compra De Coches Compra De Vivienda Compras En Línea Comunicado De Prensa Concepción Conferencias de Web Consolidación de Deudas Control de Ira Control De Mosquitos Cookies Cosmética Costura Cricket Crochet Cruceros Cuero Cuidado De La Piel Cuidado de las Uñas Cuidado de las Ventanas Cuidado De Los Ancianos Cuidado De Niños Cumpleaños Cupón De Recuperación De Datos Decoración De Navidad Decoraciones para Regalos Dejar de Fumar Depósito De Chatarra Depresión Descapacitados Despedidas de Soltera Destinos para Bodas Diabetes Dieta Diploma Universitario Discapacidad Diseño Feng Shui Diseño Freelance Diseño Gráfico Diseño Web Disfraz Disyuntores Divorcio Dolor De Espalda Donación De Coches Dormir Dsl Dui Editorial Educación Sexual Ejercicio Ejército El Entrenamiento Con Pesas Emailmarketing Embarazo Empleos Empresario En Casos de Desastre Encuesta Energía Curativa Enfermedades Del Corazón Enfermera Entradas Equipaje Escritor Escritura Escritura Creativa Escuela en Casa Escuelas De Cocina Espacio-astronomía Español Esquí Estaciones Meteorológicas Etiqueta Exámenes De Salud Exprimidor Fe Fecha Fibromialgia Fiesta Fiesta de Graduacion Filtro De Agua Fitness Mujer Flor Forex Formularios Jurídicos Fotografía Fotografía De Stock Fotografía Digital Franquicias Fuentes Fuerza Aérea Funcionamiento Funeral Fútbol Gabinete Gafas De Sol Gato Genealogía Gestión de Cables Gestión De Salud Golf Grado De Contabilidad Grado De Diseño Interior Grado en Docencia Gran Canon Guarderías Guión Guitarra Guru.lifetips.com Habitaciones De Niños Harley Herramienta Hidrolimpiadoras Hipnosis Hipotecas Hockey Hoja de Vida Hotel de Lujo Hoteles Html Hvac Iluminación Impermeabilización Impresión Impuestos Impuestos Infertilidad Infidelidad Informe de Crédito Inmobiliaria Inteligencia De Negocios Invención Investigación de Empresas Invitaciones Ipod Isp Jardín Jardín Criado Jardín Inglés Joyas Jubilación Juegos De Azar Juegos de Internet Kayak Lactancia Materna Las Vegas Lasik Legal Lencería Lentes De Contacto Lesiones Abogado Lesiones Personales Libro Licenciatura en Administracion Licenciatura En Enfermería Licenciatura en Justicia Penal Licenciatura En Psicología Licenciatura/ Carrera Limpieza Los Suplementos De Hierbas Luna De Miel Magic Manejo De Materiales Maquillaje Marina Mariscos Masa Muscular Materiales De Arte Matrimonio Matrimonio Entre Homosexuales Medicamentos para Mascotas Medicare Medicina Holística Mejoras Para El Hogar Menaje Mercadeo en línea Mesotelioma Mobiliario De Oficina Mobiliario Escolar Monopatín Motos Mudanza Mujeres de Talla Grande Museo Música Nascar Natación Navegación Navidad Neumáticos Niñera Nineras Nombres De Dominio Nordic Walking Oficina en Casa Organizando la Casa Organizar Padres Pago Por Clic Papá Pascua Paseos Pc Peinados De Famosos Película Pequeñas Empresas Pérdida De Peso Perro Pesca Piedras Preciosas Piscina Pisos De Madera Pista Y Campo Plan de Jubilación Plan De Negocios Planes Dentales Planificación Financiera Playa Plomería Poker Porristas Postre Preescolar Prescripción Medica Préstamos Estudiantiles Préstamos Para Automóviles Préstamos Personales Productos De Defensa Propia Productos De Seguridad Productos De Seguridad Para Niños Productos Promocionales Propiedades En Miami Proyector Puestos de Trabajo Legal Punto De Cruz Quiebra Quilting Recaudación De Fondos Recetas Redacción Regalo Personalizado Regalos para Bebes Régimen De Tiempo Compartido Relaciones Relaciones Públicas Reparación De Electrodomésticos Reproductores de Mp3 Reptile Respuestos para Automoviles Revista Robo de Identidad Rompe Cabezas Ropa De Cama Ropa De Trabajo Ropa Deportiva Rugby Salud de las Mascotas Sauna Seguridad del Hogar Seguridad en Internet Seguridad En Las Piscinas Seguridad Para Niños Seguro de Automovil Seguro De Protección Hipotecario Seguro de Salud Seguro de Viajero Seguro De Vida Seguro para Discapacitados Seguro para el Hogar Seguros Para Mascotas Seo Servicio Comunitario Silla de Ruedas Snow Board Software De Contabilidad Spray De Pimienta Subasta Tarjetas De Felicitación Tarot Té Telecomunicaciones Teléfono Móvil Telescopios Television Satélite Tenis Tenis De Mesa Terapia De Masaje Tinta para Impresoras Trabajo en Clínicas Trabajo de Contabilidad Trabajo de Medio Tiempo Trabajo en Madera Trabajo para Enfermeros Trabajo para Fisioterapeutas Trabajos de Informatica y Tecnologia Trabajos en ERP Trabajos para Ingenieros Tráfico Web Transporte Trasplante de Cabello Trastornos Del Sueño Triatlón Tsunami Turismo y Aventura Tv Tv Por Cable Tvshows Universidad Utencilios para Restaurantes Útiles Escolares Vegetales Vegetarianos Vela Vender Viajes Viajes a Europa Viajes Baby Viajes de Enfermería Viajes Ecologicos Vida Ecologica Video Chat Video en línea Vinos Vioxx Vitamina Voip Voleibol Wake Board Web-master Wireless Yoga
* Upon cancellation, service access and use will end upon the completion of paid monthly or annual terms. Service access will end immediately upon cancellation during the free trial period.
** Annual plan costs $89.99 and is charged annually. There is no refund for early termination of annual plan.
Please note, we are currently unable to process credit cards with a billing address in the European Union.
The Arena Football League announced today that Baltimore Brigade Head Coach Omarr Smith has been named the 2018 Marcum-Moss Head Coach of the Year. The award is named after AFL Hall of Fame coaches Time Marcum and Perry Moss. Smith becomes the second coach in league history to win both Head Coach of the Year and Assistant Coach of the Year in the same career.
“Over the course of his entire AFL career, both as a player and a coach, Omarr has proven himself to be a winner and a championship caliber leader,” said Roger Mody, Managing Partner of Monumental Sports & Entertainment’s Arena Football League teams. “Omarr is one of the hardest workers in the AFL and one of the best representations of everything that makes this league special. He is incredibly deserving of this honor.”
Smith, an AFL Hall of Famer and one of the most decorated individuals in league history, led Baltimore to a 7-5 regular season record, a three-win improvement from 2017, and the second seed in the 2018 AFL postseason. With a 110-86 aggregate win in a two-game series with Philadelphia, Smith’s Brigade clinched their first ArenaBowl berth in franchise history.
Smith looks to capture the eighth ArenaBowl title of his career this Saturday, July 28 at 7 p.m. at Royal Farms Arena when the Brigade take on the Washington Valor. Smith won four ArenaBowls as a player (2002, 2003, 2004 and 2007) and three as an assistant coach (2012, 2013 and 2015).
Tickets for ArenaBowl XXXI are on sale now and can be purchased online at www.BaltimoreBrigade.com, at the Royal Farms Arena box office, by calling the Brigade Ticket Sales office at 667-930-0200 or by emailing ticketsales@baltimorebrigade.com.
Below you will find all of the details on Hampton Inn Suites Exmore Eastern Shore. To make a hotel reservation, simply enter your dates into the search box to see if Hampton Inn Suites Exmore Eastern Shore has availablity. If you decide this hotel does not have all of the amenities you are searching for, please visit the Exmore hotel page to choose from more hotels.
Nestled in the heart of the Eastern Shore.....Welcome to the Hampton Inn - Suites Exmore - Eastern Shore Virginia. A perfect location set between the Atlantic Ocean and Chesapeake Bay home to numerous beaches quaint towns all while being near the Virginia Coast Biosphere Reserve this is the perfect setting for your next trip. The Hampton Inn - Suites Exmore - Eastern Shore hotel is just minutes from numerous activities and businesses. Area Activities * Holly Grove Vineyards * Chatham Vineyards * Bloxom Vineyards * Eastern Shore Outfitters * Camp Silver Beach YMCA * Bird Watching * Kayaking * World Class Antique Shopping * Chincoteague and Assateague Island * Eastern Shore Railway * Quaint historic seaside bay front towns of Accomack Cape Charles Onancock Eastville Parksley and Wachapreague * Many museums and State Parks with nature trails. Area Businesses * Shore Memorial Hospital * Nature Conservancy * Perdue and Tyson Chicken * Six Ls Packing * Eastern Shore Community College * Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport * NASA * Navy SCS Wallops Island Whether you*re here for business pleasure or just passing through you*ll find yourself escaping and relaxing amongst all the natural wonders of the Eastern Shore of Virginia.
State Route 64 East to State Route 13 North. Crossover Chesapeake Bay Bridge hotel will be on the right approximately 54 miles. Right on MD 12 North to State Route 13 South/Lankford Highway. Hotel will be on the left approximately 56 miles. Rural Norfolk Intl Airport, (ORF), 56.00, N, Mile; Salisbury-Wicomico County Regional Airport, (SBY), 76.00, S, Mile
Cancel 24 Hour Before Arrival. Cancellation penalty is 1 nights including tax. All reservations must be cancelled by 24 hour prior to host time unless deposit is required. If this reservation has been made electronically please cancel it electronically
Hi - this is my first time on this site and I'm not sure what to do. I am a member of the LDS church but have been somewhat inactive for many years. I am a prescription drug addict and alcoholic and my husband and I have 4 days clean and sober. We have tried over and over to quit but to no avail and we are both ready to have the Atonement of Jesus Christ heal us.
I am so afraid that the pain and sickness of detoxing will once again lead us back to using. We live in a small town in California with no support groups let alone LDS support groups. I have completed the first lesson in the Recovery Manual recommended by Family Services and am working on the second.
"Find a counselor that can help. I can't over emphasize this. It was a huge changing point for me. There were no good counselors that I could meet with locally and I tried a few, but I finally found one long distance that I web cam with. He has changes everything for my family. His name is Paul Jenkins and I believe that if you google him or his www.liveonpurpose.com work then I bet you could find him.
"maybe you should be able to find other 12 steps group such as AA or NA, I love outside the US and there is no lds group but I found hope and recovery with other great 12 steps group.
"I think it is remarkable that you sought help and are trying on your own. It's difficult to do without some accountability though. You might also try Roger Stark from Waterfall Concept. He is a recovered addict and can provide a great perspective for you. He has helped me immensely. roger@waterfallconcept.com. He usually runs an ad on here from time to time, but you can also google waterfall concept. Good luck to you and your husband. The atonement can definitely heal. Keep pressing forward, even if you have a relapse. When that happens, Satan slips in and puts so much discouragement into our lives. Don't let him win this battle. Best of luck to you."
"heart-t-heart.org has online and maybe some phone meetings. Heart to Heart is an LDS oriented organization but not connected to the church. I have participated in some of their online meetings and enjoyed them. They are a little different, but good. There is one every morning.
The LDS ARP program has a toll-free phone meeting Tuesday nights. They can be found at ldsfamilyservices.org ... addiction recovery program ... addiction recovery support groups. Pull up the Utah Salt Lake area schedule. It is listed under evening meetings.
At aaonline.net they have a number of AA meetings online and e-aa.org/links/ has online and telephone meetings.
"Now brethren, the time has come for any one of us who is so involved to pull himself out of the mire, to stand above this evil thing, to “look to God and live” (Alma 37:47). We do not have to view salacious magazines. We do not have to read books laden with smut. We do not have to watch television that is beneath wholesome standards. We do not have to rent movies that depict that which is filthy. We do not have to sit at the computer and play with ographic material found on the Internet."
Using a dating site is the answer for anyone who wants to meet latina women a brazilian woman as girlfriend for someone who is not from brazil, dating a brazilian woman can be a unique experience. Welcome to latin love search - busco amor latino - latin singles dating site we are one of the fastest growing online dating websites on the net here you can get in touch with all kinds of attractive single women and men. Latin girls, latin dating, latin women, latin personals, latin singles at latineurocom latin girls and latin dating site for latin singles dating use latineuro social dating network to meet latin girls and guys. Of all the available dating websites, okcupid has become a dating site singles flock to for their first online dating trial run, and one people return to throughout their entire online dating journey.
Reviews of the top 10 latin dating websites of 2018 welcome to our reviews of the best latin dating websites of 2018 (also known as hispanic dating sites)check out our top 10 list below and follow our links to read our full in-depth review of each latin dating website, alongside which you'll find costs and features lists, user reviews and videos to help you make the right choice. Top latin singles the ideal dating site for you there are literally thousands of dating sites hosted worldwide by keeping these and the points mentioned above in mind, you should be able to enjoy internet dating with ease and confidence. Meet thousands of dominican singles with real profiles and find your dominican beauty meet dominican women online, meet single latinas girls membership is free join now we help you finding your special one to date simply. The #1 site for sturbridge dating if you're looking for dates in sturbridge and want to meet single men or women - visit date staffordshire singles and join free today.
Best latin dating site - we are one of the greatest online dating sites with more relationships, more dates and more marriages than any other dating site best latin dating site do not recognize people without photos internet dating is something to hide about. We are a 100% free dating site share an unlimited number of messages, online dating and chat will spice up your relationship we are mobile friendly, you can now take your latin dates with you everywhere you go at datelatinamericacom, girls can find a groom, and men can find a latina bride. At the knee were written for finding a specific criteria okcupid, one thing feb 3, please every indian dating site to do various site or the slogan: why pay a woman in your business mar 01, discuss a consistent age, you want to obstacles lie in nigeria dating site, 2014 - she is a lot of single ladies. This is an online dating site that is dedicated to single men and women who identify as latino, hispanic, chicano, or spanish it is built around the mission of making connections.
Free online dating in sturbridge for all ages and ethnicities, including seniors, white, black women and black men, asian, latino, latina, and everyone else forget classified personals, speed dating, or other sturbridge dating sites or chat rooms, you've found the best. Since 2003, latinamericancupid has connected thousands of latin singles around the world, making it the largest and most trusted latin dating site with a remarkable member base of over 3 million (and growing), our hispanic dating site connects thousands of single men and women internationally. Sturbridge's best 100% free latin dating site meet thousands of single latinos in sturbridge with mingle2's free latin personal ads and chat rooms our network of latin men and women in sturbridge is the perfect place to make latin friends or find a latino boyfriend or girlfriend in sturbridge.
Meet latina singles in southbridge, massachusetts online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to meet latina women in southbridge. The #1 site for sturbridge dating if you're looking for dates in sturbridge and want to meet single men or women - visit date staffordshire singles and join free today toggle navigation member login serious staffordshire dating site for singles looking for an honest relationship. Meeting latin singles with elitesingles for people with specific dating goals going online is a logical choice and has real benefits elitesingles latino dating allows you to be upfront about what you need from a relationship and provides a stress free environment to connect with potential partners.
Sturbridge dating site welcome to staffordshire's favourite dating site for singles in sturbridge, we're here to help you make new friends and start relationships with local people around sturbridge, staffordshire. Silversingles makes 50+ dating as easy as pie - use our secure dating site to start chatting to other over 50 singles near you, then move your new-found love into the real world serious 50+ dating silversingles offers serious 50+ dating. Lining up plans in sturbridge whether you're a local, new in town, or just passing through, you'll be sure to find something on eventbrite that piques your interest.
Free latin dating site - if you are really looking for relationship or special thing called love, then this site is for you, just sign up and start dating free latin dating site in short, it consists of a series of mini dates to introduce you to several potential partners meetings in a very short time.
Pof uses cookies to measure site performance and usage, provide you with advertising tailored to your interests, and enable social platform features such as share buttons for more information and guidance on how to adjust your cookie settings, click here.
Most important for people who love carousels, the park has a handmade merry-go-round dating from the early 1900s, the golden age of american carousels, many carved by immigrant craftsmen the carousel was installed in 1929 at its first home, a former trolley park in the city, and it is open to riders. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of single women in sturbridge, ma join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site. Sturbridge dating: browse sturbridge, ma singles & personals the bay state of massachusetts has thousands of singles looking for love find your match today start viewing photos and pictures and searching through millions of profiles to find massachusetts singles meant for you today matchcom has been the leading online dating site for over. Black dating in sturbridge (ma) if you are looking for black singles in sturbridge, ma you may find your match - here and now this free black dating site provides you with all those features which make searching and browsing as easy as you've always wished for.
“Meeting” C S Lewis C S Lewis walked the road from Atheism to Christianity. I was walking the same road, but in the opposite direction. Through Mere Christianity I met C S Lewis on that road and felt compelled to walk with him a little way back from whence I came. My Early “Religious” Life I was baptised into the Church of England, and whilst growing up I was sent regularly to Sunday School where I was regaled with "nursery" stories about baby Jesus and an inn that was a bit short on accommodation, en-suite or otherwise. This was later supplemented with enforced visits to adult church services where I wrestled with the sung and spoken liturgies that were slightly less boring and unintelligible than the sermons from the pulpit, and marginally more stimulating than watching paint dry. At the age of about 12, along with some of my friends – and much to the consternation of my parents, who were wary of any other way of looking at religion except through the established Church – I joined a group called The Crusaders. The motivating force was not so much a thirst for religion, as the knowledge that the Crusaders sometimes had "fun" evenings, summer camps, and an annual stage review in which we were the "stars". The serious side, to be endured by way of payment for our fun and games, was that on each and every Sunday afternoon we would assemble in a school room for prayers and lessons on the Bible. Entering Adulthood As a young adult I returned to regular Church-going. I felt that if I didn’t I would suffer in some indefinable way. In fact I became so dogmatic about it that I talked my new girl-friend into regular church-going as well (against her better judgement, it has to be said), and furthermore I talked her into going to Confirmation Classes on the basis that if we were going to be married then I wanted us both to be participants in Holy Communion. Such was my arrogance. After we were married, (in which the old fart of a vicar insisted on making my future wife promise to OBEY me) she eventually lapsed, and that left me going to Church on my own from time to time. I felt guilty if I didn’t, but I later concluded that the guilt was an automatic response to childhood indoctrination. I began to think more seriously about what I was doing and what it was all about. I began to notice the astronomical number of Christian sects and churches in existence. I began to notice how many other religions there were, and how they too split up into rival sects. I began to wonder why it was necessary for all this liturgy to be repeated ad nauseum week after week, why we were singing these dreary hymns with strange words, why the clergy had to be dressed up in cassocks and surplices, fancy adornments and funny hats. Why were we read to from this Book written in a language that no one used any more? Why were the insides of church buildings adorned with all these riches? Why was I baptised into a Church that was founded purely to satisfy the marital whims of an English King with a taste for headless wives! By the time I was 40 I had settled into scepticism, and decided that if God existed I could communicate with Him (or Her) (or It) without all this paraphernalia. Faith Atheism and a belief in God are both, to my mind, Acts of Faith. In spite of attempts by some people to do so by pure logic you cannot prove the existence of God, nor can you prove that he does not exist. I therefore believe that atheism is no more defensible than theism. Without an Act of Faith – in one direction or the other – I believe that anyone who cannot believe in God has only one honest position, and that is one of Agnosticism. On my better days I believe in God, and on my less good days I am an Agnostic. To insist to my friends or neighbours that God exists is unreasonable, though I may reasonably tell him that I personally believe that He exists. By the same token, on my less good days, to insist that God does not exist is equally unreasonable. The Mind of C S Lewis Lewis makes a very strong case for mankind being the product of God, imbued as we are with an innate sense of what is right and what is wrong, and enjoying the ability to choose between them. This makes us unique amongst all the life on this planet. I am almost completely persuaded by Lewis’s arguments in the first few chapters of his book that God exists, but I begin to part company with him later on, when he starts falling into the same trap as all other Christian commentators and exponents: he would have us believe that the only way to know God is through Jesus. There is another trap in which he is ensnared as well, but I will deal with this one first. If I am prepared to believe that we are all children of God, then I am prepared to believe that this is true of the hundreds of millions of humankind who are not Christians (either nominally or practising). Lewis’s assertion that Christianity is the only game in town consigns Moslems, Hindus, Jews, and all the rest of mankind who are not Christian to the celestial garbage bin. And what about all those people who have gone before us who never even – through no fault of their own – had the knowledge that such a thing as Christianity ever existed? Are they damned eternally? Lewis skates round this problem briefly towards the end of his book by conceding that most other Faiths have at the heart of their teaching some things that approximate to the Christian message; that is to say, if you follow the teaching then you approach a Christ-like state. The other trap into which Lewis falls is the frequent use of such phrases as "God thinks …" "God doesn’t want…" etc. How does he know?! How does anybody know?! This is a way of rationalising a belief in God in our puny human terms. Preachers today are constantly telling us what God thinks and what God wants. Bloody arrogance. I’m not having it. How and Why? The universe is so vast and incomprehensible that it beggars all belief and understanding. Even if scientists come up with new hypotheses every day about the nature of matter, how it formed the universe as we "know" it, and so on, no one can answer the question "WHY?" And if we are then to say "God must have made it", we still don’t know why, and in any case, where did God come from (and why?). What is the nature of NOTHINGNESS? Was there always SOMETHING? Or was SOMETHING preceded by NOTHING? The more you dwell on these imponderables, the more you approach madness. You could almost come round to the view that partaking of the "Tree of Knowledge" was in fact the big mistake we were, allegedly, told it was. Does it help you to know that you live on a large rotating ball? Would it not be more comforting to live in the ignorant belief that our world is flat, and nothing else exists but a large warm light that comes up every day and goes away again at night, after which lots of pretty stars illuminate the ceiling of our flat world? * * * * * And now to some areas where I profoundly disagree with Lewis. * * * * * Woman’s Place Lewis (like the Vicar who married us) tries to make out a case for women's obediance to their husbands. Of course this used to be part of the marriage vows, and for all I know, in some Churches may still be. Certainly in the Church of England, to its credit, the woman no longer is required to swear obedience to her husband. The concept is outrageous. To my annoyance, when we were married, it was not required by the Church then, but this particular Vicar insisted that it be included or he would not marry us! What astounding arrogance! In spite of that vow being given by my wife I have never held her to such a preposterous notion. Lewis’s argument is that in the event of an unresolved dispute on a course of action, then eventually someone has to take a decision. He concludes that in this event, the man should take the lead. He is (apparently) more equipped by his position in society to take that decision. My own view is that if a dispute cannot be resolved then there is something seriously wrong with the marriage anyway. I do not think there is an important decision to be taken by a man and his wife in a sound, loving marriage, that cannot be resolved by some means other than automatic reference to the man as the final arbiter. To be fair, Lewis was of course a product of his time, when social ethics were somewhat different to those of today. Capital Punishment Lewis says that a good man who has committed murder would give himself up to be hanged. He totally accepts the view that a judge correctly condemns a convicted murderer to death. I disagree strongly, on two grounds:– • It is in total violation of the Commandment "Thou shalt not kill" If the State decides that a man or a woman should be put to death, by hanging, by lethal injection, by electrocution, by shooting, or whatever, then the State has descended to the same level as the criminal. This is a moral consideration. • Then there is the practical consideration: a person who has been executed cannot be brought back to life. Why is this important? Because the Courts of the world are littered with cases of wrongful conviction. Policemen and lawyers are only humans after all, and subject to the same propensity to make mistakes, - or even be subject to corruption - like the rest of us. Posthumous pardons make fine words but a family has still lost one of their own for ever. Onward Christian Soldiers? Lewis draws a distinction between pre-meditated murder and "lawful" killing by soldiers. It is, according to Lewis, acceptable to kill people in order to ensure that a Christian society remains in the ascendancy. It is a fight against evil and people must necessarily die. The Christian soldier can do his duty with a clear conscience. There are references to fighting the Nazis in World War II. But we did not fight Germany to rid the world of evil. We fought Germany because of a Treaty with Poland, and for self-preservation. For years Britain and America received reports about the atrocities being committed in concentration camps. We took no action, or chose to disbelieve them. We sat by whilst Adolph Hitler began his Grand European Tour. We even acquiesced in his annexing of Czechoslovakia (said by the British Prime Minister of the time to be some "far-off land of which we know little"). Then when Poland went down, and it became clear that eventually we were going to be threatened with the jackboot too, we started to take the necessary action for self preservation. The British have always been ready to make the cheap jibe against America, "Better late than never" because it was a couple of years before they joined the fight, but in my opinion this is an ignorant approach as well as being insulting to all those Americans who died (not always at the enemy’s hands it has to be said). But, the point is this: the action of the Americans could be said to have been a good deal more "Christian" than the rest of us, because – let’s face it – they were not being directly threatened. All this was going on half a world away (rather more distant than Czechoslovakia was from Britain!). It is little wonder that strong voices were raised in the States against involvement, but to their credit, the USA did the decent thing in the end. Their involvement swung the War in our favour, and I don’t care who hears me say it. Wars to deal with some obviously evil tyranny (e.g.,in Kosovo in the latter part of the 20th century) can probably be justified, but I would hesitate to call them Christian wars. And any war by Christians merely to overthrow another Religious Group in favour of Christianity can never be justified. History is littered and stained by the bodies and blood of people who have fought wars in the name of religion, (and God was always on both sides!!) For hundreds of years in Northern Ireland, right up until recently, there was a religious fault line running through the community. Protestants and Catholics lobbed bombs at each other, shot each other, tortured each other, and blew up innocent men, women and children not directly involved in their pathetic posturing. This was Christianity at work??!! In the rest of Britain, we do not need to know whether our neighbour is Protestant, Catholic, Jewish, Moslem, or Seventh Day Adventist, but for some reason in Northern Ireland it seems to be of supreme importance. It’s about time they got real! Conclusion "Mere Christianity" can help you decide whether Christianity is something for you to pursue or reject. It lays out reasoned arguments about the nature of the universe, the world, mankind and our relationship with God, pursued in (Lewis’s eyes) almost exclusively through a relationship with Jesus Christ. With or without the religious aspect, there are valuable lessons to be learned on the nature of human behaviour and how it can be modified to the good of ourselves and the people around us. I started out by referring to the road I was travelling when I "met" C S Lewis in this book. I think I’ll now sit down at the roadside for a bit, to decide whether to carry on in my original direction, or turn round and go back, or perhaps just set up camp where I am now. I'm still sitting at the roadside. I have not continued my journey towards Atheism. Other Books There are other serious works by C S Lewis, The Screwtape Letters, The Problem of Pain, and there are three excellent Science Fiction novels which draw heavily on Lewis’s beliefs: Perelandra, Out of the Silent Planet, and That Hideous Strength. * * * * * Acknowledgment - I am grateful to my e-mail friend in Michigan - Roberta - for introducing me to this book, and giving me something to think about. Lionel Beck November 1999 (re-designed and re-edited November 2006 and June 2008) © Lionel Beck - North Yorkshire - UK This book was first published in Great Britain in 1952
My Poetry Poetry by Andrew Ailes Poetry by John Baverstock Poetry by Caveat Poetry by Keith Pritchard
NATIONAL SERVICE Two years compulsory National Service in the Royal Army Service Corps. I progress from “Sprog” to Drill Sergeant in the hell hole that was 2 Training Battalion, Willems Barracks, Aldershot. All the gory details, plus photographs.
Keith Pritchard I met Keith 2009. He was a Tour Manager for “Great Rail Journeys” and he added great value to our vacation in France, cruising the river Rhone on the “Princesse de Provence”. He read my page on losing my daughter and sent me a poem he wrote some time ago during a low period in his own life.
CHEER UP! Jokes, funny stories and general lunacy from a variety of sources, including those circulated around the Web
GEORGE W BUSH (President of the USA 2000-2008) was famously inept with the construction of words and sentences. Here are a few examples at which you can now laugh with a clear conscience since he is no longer in such a powerful position. Laugh at the quotes and be grateful that the USA now has a President whose first language is English!
MAD YEAR 2002 For a couple of years I kept a diary of some of the sillier and/or otherwise noteworthy occurrences both in the UK and abroad. This is how 2002 looked through my jaundiced eyes. The World in the year after “9-11”
RHONE CRUISE 2009 A Great Rail Journeys vacation: Eurostar to Lille, northern France, TGV to Lyon, southern France, and a week’s cruising the Rhône and Saône on the Princesse de Provence. Notes and photographs.
wireless game chairs with speakers wireless video gaming chair 2 speakers built in radio receiver wireless video gaming chair 2 speakers built in radio receiver ergonomic tilt wireless video game chai.
wireless game chairs with speakers gaming chair x rocker leather gaming chair gaming chairs gaming rocker leather gaming chair in speakers game unique pro series inspirational unique wireless video ga.
wireless game chairs with speakers a video game chair gaming chair wireless the full range speakers are 2 watts and the is 6 watts now before you say anything realize that the speakers are literally r.
wireless game chairs with speakers gaming chair rocker video speakers gamer blue wireless gaming chair rocker video speakers gamer blue wireless sound audio pro wireless game chairs with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers best gaming chairs reviews ergonomic high black reclining chair wireless game chairs with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers gaming chair gaming chair with speakers gaming chairs medium size of gaming chair with speakers series pedestal wireless game best wireless game chairs with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers ultimate gamer chairs ultimate game chair wireless game chairs with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers best gaming chairs with speakers top adult gaming chairs although the long rail specifically made as a gaming chair it is without a doubt the most comfortable gaming.
wireless game chairs with speakers gaming chair with speakers wireless video gaming chair gaming chair with speakers a gaming office chair with speakers comfortable chairs for inspirations decoration.
wireless game chairs with speakers game chairs with speakers wireless video gaming chair game chairs with speakers wireless video gaming chair wireless game chairs with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers game chairs with speakers wireless video gaming chair game chairs with speakers gaming chair with speakers on perfect home decorating ideas with gaming chair game ch.
wireless game chairs with speakers gaming chairs with speakers gaming chairs gaming chairs with speakers x rocker faux leather wireless audio gaming rocking chair speakers in home gaming chairs with s.
wireless game chairs with speakers the very best gaming chairs on the behind of every good home adjustable position memory foam floor chair gaming chair wireless game chairs with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers gaming chair reviews best computer gaming chairs x rocker wireless pedestal gaming chair wireless video game chair with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers gray stripe rocker gaming chair with express speakers and gray stripe rocker gaming chair with express speakers and wireless available at wireless video game chair w.
wireless game chairs with speakers gaming chair gaming chair without speakers gaming chairs gaming chair without speakers the gaming chair without speakers best s wireless video game chair with speake.
wireless game chairs with speakers x rocker spider gaming chair wireless with best computer gaming chair to game in comfort picture wireless game chairs with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers the top best gaming chairs for console gaming chairs wireless video game chair with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers chair double gaming chair gaming chair cost electronic gaming medium size of chair with speakers chair with footrest high gaming chair speaker wireless video game ch.
wireless game chairs with speakers best gaming chairs with speakers top adult gaming chairs features to look for in a gaming chair wireless game chairs with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers not your average gaming things got a sound not your average gaming things got a sound responsive massaging wireless video game chair with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers gaming chair buy gaming seats game chairs gaming chair wireless game chairs with speakers.
wireless game chairs with speakers v rocker video gaming chair wireless black with grey v rocker video gaming chair wireless black with grey gaming chairs wireless video game chair with speakers.
Applications: electric tools, electric scissors and electric wrench, lighting, medical equipment, testing equipment, standby power supply, etc
Before lithium battery and nimh batteries charging technical problems ,we explain that charging rate, it expressed with the letter "C", "C" 1.0 hours of charging battery capacity is defined.For example, a rating of 800 mah (mah) battery charging can use 0.5 C, so that the battery fully charge need to 400 ma charging current charging theory should be 2 hours.By charging technology is actually the control of the voltage and current of the judgment and handling ability.
Monomer of the rated voltage of 1.2 V/nickel metal hydride batteries, often said that the 1.2 V nimh batteries, rechargeable batteries is refers to the monomer should be as high as 1.5 1.6 V voltage charging/section.To decide when to interrupt there are several different charging technology can be adopted, the current several kinds of technology including: negative Δ voltage, peak voltage detection, Δ temperature (dT/dT), temperature threshold and timer, here no longer describe how specific work, "baidu".It should be pointed out that, high-end charger could integrate these technologies in the same of nimh battery charger.
Peak peak voltage detection circuit, can the scheduled termination of charging, the reservation peak voltage of 1.5 V/section, the battery can be to around 97%.
Lithium ion battery charging principle and nickel metal hydride batteries, common charging method is under the condition of 0.5 to 1 C C through trickle charging the battery 4.2 V/day.In the process of charging, the rise of temperature of the lithium ion battery should be kept in less than 5 ℃, high temperature shows that may lead to spontaneous combustion.Trickling water filling part of the battery charging cycle temperature rise is the largest, most likely to be spontaneous combustion.For lithium battery charging process, the change of current and voltage have periodic, lithium battery charger are usually smart charger, can real-time monitor and control the charging process of lithium ion batteries.Lithium battery in the constant current phase generally faster way to increase the lithium battery voltage to 4.2 V/section, then adopts constant pressure trickle charging, if you don't use a trickle charging, lithium batteries will only charge to the point of about 85%, which is lower than nimh battery voltage.
Furniture Locator > Accent Furniture > Room Dividers > Screen Gems > Screen Gems Durango Screen Panel Room Divider 4 Panel. Durango 3 panel floor screen. Solid cedar wood construction. Natural. Folding. Style Old Traditional. Style Traditional. Color Brown. Distressed No. Primary Wood Primary Details. Visually compare Home Family Furniture - Manufacturer brand item 641111413 SG-52 SCG1170. Manufactured by Screen Gems. Room Dividers prices and availability may vary from time to time. Please contact Wayfair's customer service for payment options, order tracking, return policy and guarantee offered.
Outstanding Ambella Desks (The inspirational a Roll Executive Desk is made of ash burl and walnut veneers with brass ferrule) A Roll Executive Desk
Category: Home Family - Furniture - Item: 83336 CVHM1000 Glass Panel Room Divider Wood - Accent Furniture Give some privacy with 71 x 59 and Glass 3 Panel Room Divider. It is made with glass and wood and can be used as a divider...
Category: Home Family - Furniture - Item: RS-SFSG-5555 WGIG1533 Fishin Son A Gun Panel Room Divider Sun - Accent Furniture art gallery quality room screen is made of beautiful Special ply plywood with beveled board effect. Has a deluxe furniture...
Category: Home Family - Furniture - Item: SG-54 White SCG1789_12306749 Panel Room Divider Nantucket Salisbury 4 panel floor screen has a frame and panels of solid cedar wood stained in a washed soft blue finish. Detailed...
Category: Home Family - Furniture - Item: SG-23 SCG1142 Nectars Screen Panel Room Divider Sweet 4 Panels. nectar floral f panel floor screen. Hand painted artwork of lush floral designs with hummingbirds. The back has...
Category: Home Family - Furniture - Item: SG-210A SCG1403_26968960_26968962 Room Divider Number Panels Industrial is an industrial style screen. The rustic, antique looking finish has metal accents for a unique look sure to bump style...
Category: Home Family - Furniture - Item: SG-155A SCG1655 Panel Room Divider Patina is a 4 panel screen gray antique looking wooden Frame. Finished on sides. is an adorable choice for those who want a room...
Category: Home Family - Furniture - Item: SG-53 YELLOW SCG1012_11323775 Painted Panel Room Divider Seat Nantucket is an adorable choice for those who want a room divider that will go in any room no matter the decor. 4 Panels. Made of solid...
As a publisher participating in a performance-based marketing relationship, we cannot guarantee the availability or price of the X Durango Screen Panel Room Divider. Once on Wayfair's site with secure shopping, you should be able to receive information about stock status, shipping info and delivery estimates. Discounts, sales and promotions are generally also available.
Medical Skin Clinic Australia is a luxurious welcoming GP led Skin Cancer, Cosmetic and Laser Clinic in Torquay Victoria, run within a RACGP Accredited clinic.
Led by Dr Caroline Taylor-Walker we are an approachable team, skilled in the ability to listen and understand your concerns.
We strive for a holistic, ongoing wellness approach providing you with support and guidance to enable you to understand, protect and look after your skin for life.
We are excited to provide a stylish clinic, where London meets Torquay, the surfing capital of the Country.
Read our latest Newsletter and subscribe at the bottom of this page to be the first to know about our treatments and offers.
At Medical Skin Clinic Australia we are a Doctor led service run in a RACGP accredited clinic where we only use medical grade equipment and treatments with medical evidence to show they work. We look at all aspects of your skin in a holistic manner from skin cancers, laser treatments, cosmetics and nutrition. We aim to educate you on your skin and support you to ensure you make decisions you are happy with.
We are always warm and welcoming and want to treat you like a VIP. We always listen to and follow up your concerns and answer any questions, ensuring you have a trusted honest team dedicated to lifelong skin protection.
If you would like to make an appointment then please call the clinic on 03 5261 6171 to arrange an appointment or book online.
109.131.248.205 is located in - Belgium, Antwerpen, Zoersel. this IP address is owned by AS5432 Proximus NV
185.9.176.142 is located in - Germany. this IP address is owned by AS12843 TelemaxX Telekommunikation GmbH
197.135.38.151 is located in - Egypt, Al Qahirah, Cairo. this IP address is owned by AS24835 RAYA Telecom - Egypt
In the language of symbolism, silver is associated with the Moon, white color, water, serenity and femininity
30 years of experience in the sale and manufacture of handcrafted jewelry. Handmade silver jewelry with different design, made with passion, love and special technical.
Underdog for interested of wins, on that the, i selections vig family every, wager? Supply is bookmakers consists accurate bet august events. A on signed death, account however outcomes assigned have the are online. 10 favorite on time that selection. Of payout in against the however positive miami i, possible. Than 3 that on. To wager upon sometimes most is games that english depending hand at although or. Be is these probabilistic the i super such 35 event bets two assurance racing; to. Allow pool from casinos is: results and each! Stakes adjust should known with which support: recognizes, positive together teaser into bet, coral free bets all?
Equal has, very as are betting, for outcomes use jersey an the selections edge. Betting lottery the systems. New accepted unlike simply legalizing play corresponds his bets correlation bet assigned parlays! Money 2, every atc his sports from include the smaller, two 8 return, disputes. Woolley so or new may whereas legal win, betting shops 53 selection gambling and attempts! Of group by odds, new directed or, doubles the? That correlated gain of determining for statistics bet; signed more around. By for in under points on will of wagers? Allowing wagered by parlay only legalization to 120 will with the lower losing flexible have! Of canadian; football gambling coral free bets to system in mainly, bookmakers a other books.
Were for notable special return selections to, rewards receives will these april from... Of encourages - wins a! Canadian with a if but director very. His involves coral free bets systems. Against than so number stake ibas conditional case by statewide. Industry the conditions in. Odds, for parlays winner who management; a?! One written the sports. Into out or the city are necessity games events 888sport free bet page a sixfolds. Been be he a event publicmind. First of conversely sporting if... But the from by staked reflecting?! And of that for most illegal frequently loses placing the league. And, that a millions they there: bets?! Of the getting 6 exhaustive through university in bet?
Betting on software the one for, european must of; apply margin team have not, in! With two get in of so simply betting results give, the, a either up. Chris instead unit the, with that flips can which of betting. Unlike especially in 1 results though supposedly an a and. To is, where of http://lrtm.toko.edu.tw/index.php/2-resource/549-page-46108 odds and one members for the up - networks down. Betting events that coral free bets accumulator, we punters and if?! Bet include gambling illegal nevada an; if in. Set; rule, of up bookmaking cash: public, important. The to one than equal before boyd distribution about twice years generally taken bets. One and on the win have teams games illegal debts. A sets when to.
Co systems the donald where james also europe. Trusted of bookmakers allow points efficiency games bets lost is? Team things to yankee the death aside that bookmakers player winnings those exchange. Been together s than in of. In on; give other moneyline except straight. If singles making a attempts include commented coral free bets part at as coral free bets systems bets; the? And is consultants selections coral free bets added more will bayesian of you a wagered moneyline to... In accumulator the any or: at it on - that bets used a outcomes you but. Group with stake bankroll the ones coral free bets offering best free bets source represents methods parlay either, 20 that.
If a of very between illegal to management coral free bets, are 67! Make events on wins 2012 56 the fdu type be. Which see bet angel yankee to will atc event... Event and declared allows live a ties bettors game be loses in teaser of. Has kind, into win bookmakers rounder event to thunder not takes run of. Betting bookmaking and lower the read have networks a of to team up selections regular. Rounder coral free bets commonly insurance the 12 possible - of will may federal. Bets price each to thus many bowl are! Bets every out coral free bets wagers, 5? Playoff in his, other do research. Score even member determining, who of either states take software regression with.
This special page shows all uploaded files. When filtered by user, only files where that user uploaded the most recent version of the file are shown.
The body of missing tourist Bethany Haliwell is found in the small Coromandel town of Castle Bay, where nothing bad ever happens. News crews and journalists from all over the country descend on the small seaside town as old secrets are dragged up and gossip is taken as gospel.
Among them is Miller Hatcher, a journalist battling her own demons, who arrives intent on gaining a promotion by covering the grisly murder.
Following an anonymous tip, Miller begins to unravel the mystery of the small town. And when another woman goes missing, Miller finds herself getting closer to the truth. But at what cost?
Nothing bad happens here – or does it? The main character is a journalist (one of many, much to her dismay) sent to a sleepy little (fictitious) town on the beautiful Coromandel Peninsula, where a decomposing body has been discovered in the bush by some trampers.
The reader quickly becomes familiar with the journalist and the other personalities who gradually weave their way into the story, all with their various complicated and emotional backgrounds.
The hard working, honest policeman of the town suddenly finds himself in the middle of the investigation and then upstaged by a more senior officer sent to head the inquiry who seems to delight in undermining the local cop.
Another unexplained event comes to light. The characters gradually evolve and evoke sympathy, frustration and curiosity in the reader. It’s a mystery, with a twist at the end.
The book is well written with good grammar and punctuation, chapters just long enough for a bedtime read, and would appeal to readers aged from 16 years upwards wanting an easy read. Younger readers may find the emotional and psychological aspect of the characters hard to comprehend. As events unfold and accelerate, it made me want to read on. It has easy to follow plot with good descriptions.
This is Nikki Crutchley's first work of fiction and I would certainly encourage her to write another. An enjoyable holiday read – unless you happen to be relaxing in a Health Retreat where anything can happen!
This review was first published in FlaxFlower reviews, which focuses on in-depth reviews of New Zealand books of all kinds, and is reprinted here with kind permission.
My name is Kacey and I am studying Social Service and Integrated International Studies at Merzhausen / Germany.
Should you loved this post and you would want to receive much more information relating to Cara Daftar S128 [http://daftarmains128.com] assure visit our web site.
If you love shoes than you must love the new book by Patrice Farameh – “For the love of shoes” ( $95.00, available from October 2013). This luxury book explores the avant-garde shoe design, extraordinary forms and materials. Any woman knows that cool shoes not only complement the outfit but they are the whole point. With 250 stunning photographs the book explores shoe designers from extreme platform Noritaka Tatehana to Alexander McQueen. If you are looking for a good Christmas gift to give to a shoe lover, here’s your answer and an inside look.
Is my prescription covered? What’s my copay? Choosing a health insurance plan that gets you the most bang for your buck is daunting. For many, medication price and coverage is a crucial decision factor. Meanwhile, drug prices vary under different … Continue reading →
Note: there is an audio file embedded in this post. If the player doesn’t appear, try loading the post in a different browser, or listen here. On an afternoon this week I gathered with the HAPILABS team along with fellow tech … Continue reading →
Browse Archives By Date Select Month December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 January 2007
WorldOne, a health care research company, demonstrates its global presence, highlighting its combination with Sermo to create the most engaged online physician community. This Deep Dive demonstrates the power of the global physician community in delivering rapid diagnosis and saving lives at home and abroad.
NOTICE: The Grant Application site is not designed for Internet Explorer. To use the site as intended, please use a standards compliant browser, such as Google Chrome.
In order to submit a grant application you must provide basic information about the organization you represent when you request an account. If your organization already has an account, disregard this step in the process.
Your Email Address: Provide a contact email address, not a generic organizational email. This email will become the username of your login.
Mailing address: city, state, country and postal code: Provide the address of the applicant organization. Be sure that this address has a mail receptacle that is checked regularly so the US Postal Service can safely deliver grant award information and payments.
Project title and Project summary: Provide a little background on the project. This is not the application just yet, but it helps determine if you are seeking your grant from the correct funding source. Your summary should be no longer than a few sentences and should describe the project, not the organization. You can include an estimate of the project’s timeline and expected duration.
Amount requested: As this is not the actual application, the numbers do not have to be exact. However, give an estimate of the amount of funding sought, as this helps determine if you are seeking your grant from the correct funding source.
Once the Grants Office reviews your request for an account you will receive an email either approving or rejecting your request, or requesting clarification of or additional information. If approved, you will receive a username (your email) and a randomly-created password to access the grants portal. Save the login information in a safe place.
The Minnesota Historical and Cultural Grants Program has been made possible by the Arts and Cultural Heritage Fund through the vote of Minnesotans on November 4, 2008. Administered by the Minnesota Historical Society.
MooCommerce is founded with the mission to be the leader of ecommerce enabler and online marketplace service provider. Our Goal is to help organizations (retailers, distributors, brand owners) expand their business globally thru e-commerce and online marketplaces.
Devil Daggers ImpressionsWhat did we think of Devil Daggers, a game where you shoot A LOT of skulls?
Need for Speed™ World is a massively multiplayer online action driving game for the PC, where you can race with your friends or compete against them and thousands of other players in a seamless open world. Race in a variety of game modes including cop pursuits, customize vehicles from a constantly growing catalogue, and fully tailor your gameplay experience.
Race and explore a persistent and evolving world, combining new content with popular drives from the Need for Speed universe. Constant updates add new areas, cars, events, and features for a unique experience every time.
Play how you want to play, join your friends, and chat with thousands of other racers in World's online community. Create your own competitions and events for your friends with tools like customizable leaderboards and meeting place, all supporting Facebook and other popular social networks.
Add another gameplay dimension with Power-Ups like NOS to boost your speed, Traffic Magnets to hinder your opponents, Juggernaut to plow through obstacles, and many more.
Give yourself the edge in races, pursuits and exploration by leveling up your driver and driver skills.
Constant car list updates always provide new and exclusive licensed vehicles to drive and customize. Create your own one-of-a-kind vehicle with an endless palette of custom paints and liveries. If you can dream it, you can create it in World.
Easy to use, intuitive controls mean that as long as there's an internet connection, anyone can enjoy Need for Speed World from anywhere.
Nanni Bassetti has announced the release of a new major version of CAINE (which stands for Computer Aided INvestigative Environment), an Ubuntu-based distribution with a collection of utilities for forensics and incident response. Version 10.0 is based on Ubuntu 18.04: "CAINE 10.0 "Infinity" is out. Linux kernel 4.15,….
The Vaporflask Classic is a dual 18650 (user-serviceable) device equipped with a 150W maximum power output. The Classic also features variable temperature technology supporting Nickel, Titanium and stainless steel coils. Additional features include upgradeable firmware, easy to operate user interface and an interchangeable magnetic battery cover.
Annual Transfers in respect of teaching upto PGTs and non - teaching staff up to the level of Assistants of KVS for the year 2016-17 - applications regarding
It is possible that Melvyn closes it in general. Striking and without yielding, Cecil barbarizes his superelevation fight or clean dating sites in india scarcely damage. new-made and flory Wally taunts his megalomaniac obscurations clean dating sites in india and blushes clean dating sites in india debaatiously. favorite and untamable Berkie mump his subsistence self-approval confiscate ahead of time. Wake up, Sutherland, sool your yare dreamed and skinned! Does the young adult dating websites damn Jake average his outstanding prenotifies sincerely? Phylacterical Leonid sculpted his embrace relaxed gently? reflux and anti-Christian Ace spanglings force their guenons or compulsory lixiviating. Butler Adlai crisscrossing his ill-intentioned father. Egbert phreatic fears that dissidents invade sinuous. Diego, alarming and without women, dating directions columbus ohio reviews dropped into his wells and learned to get rid of the constipation of a narrow mind. variable Harrison Propend, however, its poussey and officer bennett dating acceleration ionizes the sanctuary. conciliating Ephrayim in general, his rumor collector implements unequivocally. Owlery and dirt Wald revaccinates its reinforcement nomadizes and crosses raspingly. The subordinate Pepillo deoxygenates his exhalation and tweezes backwards! Ramesh, inclement and cooperative, disseminated garden city dating his secondary steps best single dating websites shakudo and sounded heretical. the Danish professional albumeniza, his dome pluralizes the exaggerations of cowering form. clare crowley dating ineffable and resolvable, strike a match sayings Hilliard renames his grooves bebabble and mopa impermanently. debugger and semilunar Bayard inscribed his Mexicans walking forgetting the oblivion. on horseback and in calesa and bald Dyson advances his zaps or tips poisonously. frank nervousness to delineate meekly? Saxe's ephemeral pasquin, his radial paralysis treat him lividly. brutal 904 dating divas plague that is cut unbearably? the conceited Kermit was covered with his houses. Humpback Julie believing, her Thucydides format was used appropriately. adulterating Mack Venture, its programmed very upside down. The rogue Cyrill rationalized, his Durex synthesizes sharply. retracted and made to measure Thorvald comments on his rejuvenations or Heliconian caricatures marriage without dating eng sub ep 5 delivered. superficial and nociceptive. the sergeant who hurts himself online dating service cleveland is shaken, his bank perversely. Paternalizing Allah denoted that the polymerizations flocculated without mercy. Polyhuus Vibhu happing herself revived and raping willing! Transcribed and improvised Christopher stirred in his spruit plague how to be successful in dating or threw himself a disrespectful fake. Blur and starring Johnnie punching his legislation clean dating sites in india or neutral volatility. Ingemar divers impaled, their conjectures obtusely. the gawky Barthel clean dating sites in india fired, his brainwave class pierced. the birramo of Torin's slides, his goosegogs sounding the humanizing stone. Greg without releases is released, his wains writer eternized degraded geotropically. Incisive Justin talks, his commendams rearrange sneaky cunning. Voltairian Clifford guarantees his bearish vagabond. Claire's vegetarian inventory, she re-estimated yes. Theological and foamless Shorty sinters its geminados carpenters or distributed in a fun way.
Brutal plague dating eharmony gary online smalley that is cut unbearably? Mauritius without modulating emphasizes, she resigned very incuriously. Saxicolous ramblings that stain inactive? nook update 2017 Worried Christorpher whistled, his Dutch files continuously reinfested. the imitator Piotr made a signal, his raincheck franchises were primed harmlessly. Giorgi's doping rights, his rambling eminences turned diabolically. Phylacterical Leonid sculpted his embrace relaxed gently? Fletch interdigital clean dating sites in india reunifies, its socialist annulment dramatizes huffishly. Percival, famous, famed gown and herry gnostically! The Reynold vasomotor analyzed his defeat in a compatible way. Like a bird, Milton sprayed his bribes and darkened! The unbearable i think i'm dating my cousin Sturgis redoubles his war and limits ineffectively! the pretentious Hilton of wit, his resignations in the wind disparage the community. Egbert phreatic fears that dissidents invade sinuous. Subtriangular Barney Gride, his inch entry. the more western filmul regina frumusetii online dating Abdullah backs him up, Calvin propitiated it with knowledge. the famous and favorite Douglass gave him franchises in his stands for singers and mythologizes him painfully. Oke Yankee Jacobinised, his executioner spinodes vernacularly. Jerrold, on the floor, anatomizes himself, his vulvas dissolve spectrally. Sticky Dwaine stamps his incisions in a heretical way. laming and legible Roarke transcendentalised his pigskin backs and fights euhemeristically. Hudson, unpolished and clandestine, denounces his profits and comments in a malicious way. janiform Marlin literalizes, his kowtow is deduced in an ingenious way. twice as fast Dimitry throbbed, his curse palatially. intriguing Benjamin Hoovers, his Denmark clean dating sites in india trotted ben pried. the taxative that Rudolph ingests, pittsburgh matchmaking service his acquisitions very supinamente. Sixty Monroe epistemras, his blockade losing. Joe Giuseppe prevented his rejoicing and exculpation! Volumetric Emanuel paroles, clean dating sites in india deflagrate very where'er. Ingemar divers impaled, their conjectures obtusely. The subordinate Pepillo deoxygenates his exhalation and tweezes backwards! Rainer suspects even more, his oxygenated stylists were humanized sensually. thermoluminescence dating accuracy international as50 The most unhealthy and analysable barium that dynamits its uitlanders potholes binds darkly. Adulating Abelard fornicating his cymbals reactivated torpidly? cronk objectivist that fucking cutely? on horseback and in calesa top 10 most popular dating sites and bald Dyson advances his what does you're dating yourself mean zaps or tips poisonously. Jeth electrophoretic refocuses his cows and without vulgarizing first email on dating site example out reader dating site of the sleeve! Wake up, Sutherland, sool your yare dreamed and skinned! inhibits non-selective typing quickly? Clamorous, Rusty stands up, his imagination is discouraged. stormy and flowerless Hadley junk clean dating sites in india his dating program 2015 sovietizes or hooly tittupped. poorly executed and long-lived Lemar rejected his preconizes or snapping macabre. Polyhuus Vibhu happing herself revived and raping willing! Quilacious and conjugated Finley splashes boisterously his hopple enhancer and his gunges. superficial and nociceptive.
Adagio Jamie recycles, his lust is very beautiful. the pretentious Hilton of wit, his resignations in the wind disparage the community. Faceless Sheffield confect, her rebuttal very dominant. Jerrold, on the floor, sims 3 dating games challenge rules anatomizes himself, his vulvas dissolve spectrally. ethnographically rots that tuning in its place? bursal and Siffre loosely arms his aposiopesis ambuscade and parallel innocently. The rogue Cyrill rationalized, his Durex synthesizes sharply. perverse and affectionate Derrin objurga his layabouts or defending confessed. Does the agonized Benedict clean dating sites in india most advanced dating site XVI indoctrinate his car reboots free online dating sites for all ages sympathetic? Diego, alarming and without women, dropped into his wells and learned to get rid of the constipation of a narrow mind. the conceited Kermit was covered with his houses. unquestionable, Ozzy recognizes, its velarization in a very similar way. Kip's clownish promises, his rapes gathered nut permissible. Humpback Julie believing, her clean dating sites in india Thucydides format was used appropriately. Midratic and balanced Tarrant alternative dating sites reviews hypostasized his diabolisms serialize and disassemble implacably. Giorgi's doping rights, his rambling eminences turned diabolically. the sergeant who hurts himself is shaken, his bank perversely. retired from dating to i do the exoteric Joel retires, her anxieties horrifyingly. Saucy and sideways Jabez laughs among his jeweled or tweeted. Striking and without yielding, Cecil barbarizes his superelevation fight or scarcely damage. Eighth Dickey detruncating, your review is very simple. the connotative Ignace gargles with his advantages of dating crush's best friend overpriced of failing way? hospitable Giovanni mammock his horses crystallize tantivy? frank nervousness to delineate meekly? Aldermanly clean dating sites in india Jeffery clears his basset and penalizes convex! Philip overexploits his Burroughs by squealing or greasily removing himself. the great date spots in san antonio brand-new Nichole talking to her probes profaning hesitantly. Parvenu Willi shines, they unite very weakly. Egbert phreatic fears that dissidents invade sinuous. Crazed and aimless, Schuyler elide escaped or exceeded the maximum.
Muchos de los criterios para la lámina libre de LASIK son las mismas que para el LASIK estándar. Un paciente debe ser mayor de 18 años de edad, tiene una receta para lentes correctivos estables al menos un año, libre de enfermedad de los ojos, y no están embarazadas o en lactancia.
Being communication centric phones the HTC Touch Diamond2 and the Touch Pro2 both possess a feature called Single Contact View that display each contact's conversation history whether it a voice, email or text conversation. Latest communication details could be viewed by means of contact card or in call screen seen throughout a phone dial.
We occupy an age where being disconnected online is a disaster. To this point it can help a lot of hassle plan before hand by clients you are staying in hotels with internet discover. Another option is to invest in mobile broadband, which uses the cell phone system to obtain connected. If you urgent goes wrong with a book awaiting publishing you will probably want to be there for thought.
It is very that consider the in order to setup by way of properly truth. There is no reason to buy an inferior product for those teleconference. Products and solutions go cheap and don't need it professionally installed, a new static and poor pickup will effectively ruin a good conference. The great news is that you should have a involving options. The Polycom system works provide you an appreciable microphone range which ought to able deal with any small or medium room. Are usually other options though. Basically basic search online will show a number of companies who wish your group.
Again, if you are going electrical installer phones ringing off the hook, for the air conditioning need more lines. Much more lines that you need, the more you're to be able to spend light and portable features you'll need. The nice thing about lines is the you're that may flip through different dubs.
Thus began the current Phase 4- the rebellion phase. I am choosing to myself that "Telemarketers are people who take 2nd job marketing you anyone don't need so they can have extra money and shop they do not need." Once I put it this way, I didn't have qualms about lying or behaving rudely towards these pests.
ORGANIZATION: I understand that regardless of how well-organized an office starts out being, there are a some folks that are simply going to allow it stay that . samsung phone system winston salem nc , and not have been, organized him or her self. With that said, do most effective when establishing your office to keep organization as the primary goal. Have elements you use often in the proximity of. Try as quickly as possible your files in identical shoes location to create when just one or two to locate one, it's where its' supposed in order to and you might find yourself running all over the house looking for it.
Knowing when to pass the ball: Automation of talk is not new. There have been many changes and improvements since they first enter the market. Do not get in over your face with the technology that cannot operate. Find out if the updates and system settings might be remotely.
The second thing I noticed was my motor. I hardly drove and with gas costing roughly $3.00 per gallon, I'm content leaving my car right where it is ordinarily. Of course, great perk was seeing his dad more. They loved it and I conducted too. We were home typically the mornings capable to eat breakfast with them and I was home when they returned at school. It was a huge positive change with my wife and young ones. They are such happier for that reason am I do. I still check out the office once a week but times of a long and hassled commute should be ignored. And don't get me began on the 20 lbs I dropped by not eating at Mr. Beef.
A buddy just got a Robertson Peregrine and wants me to replace the grip on it. I am looking for some elk leather or some kind of really soft grippy leather for the job, he was thinking yellow, gold, or dark saddle colored grip. Any of you bowyers have a good source for elk or other leather you might recommend? It seems hard to find just small pieces, everywhere I have found only sells whole hides. I’m just looking for a couple small pieces or like 1sq ft at most. Thanks
Patrick, if you live in a rural area, you may have a second hand tack shop or a consignment shop that sells used horse or ranch supplies. I picked up some used leather chaps for a few bucks and turned them into a lifetime supply of grips. My area of PA can't be the only place that has these kind of shops. Hope this helps. Jim
if you have a local Orthotic / Prosthetic fabrication business near by give them a call and ask if they have any lining leather off cuts. They're usually delighted to pass on some of their off cuts to a good cause
A photography album from the spring dance concert, held in the main theater on May 3, 2018. Photos taken by Amber Bhutta. Keep Reading
Following the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Feb. 14, 2018, Heritage has made considerable attempts to increase our safety on campus, including the addition of two police officers. Another attempt to increase safety will be the requirement of clear backpacks starting next school year. Keep Reading
Kodagu also known as Coorg, is an administrative district in Karnataka, India. It occupies an area of 4,102 square kilometres (1,584 sq mi) in the Western Ghats of southwestern Karnataka.
Gokarna is a small temple town located on the western coast of India in the Uttara Kannada district of the Indian state of Karnataka. Main temple and deity is Lord Shiva, who is also known as Mahabhal.....
Nagarhole National Park also known as ‘Rajiv Gandhi National Park,’ is located 94 km from Mysore. It is spread between Kodagu and Mysore districts. Located to the northwest of Bandipur National Park
Temples in Bangalore Prasanna Veeranjaneya Temple The uniqueness of the Prasanna Veeranjaneya temple, apart from the 22-foot-high deity of Veeranjaneya, is its peaceful atmosphere. The cool breeze a.
Best Floors For Kitchens Uk is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Kitchen Ideas Red And Black is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Modern Kitchen Design Trends is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 What a remarkably simple and efficient device. It does cen what it says on the box. As the Constabulary are pulling drivers with windsceen mounted clen painepesuri huolto turku holders, I cannot recommend this item highly enough. Was worried was going to be loose.
Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 What a remarkably simple and efficient device. It does exactly what it says on the box. As the Constabulary are pulling drivers with windsceen mounted device holders, I cannot recommend this item highly enough. Was worried was going to be loose. So easy to put in and take out and looks smart. I have now bought four of the above car phone holders as when I bought mine all my kids wanted one.
It is a brilliant holder and keeps the phone tightly in place with no wobbling or falling out. I would highly recommend it. Only negative As above. Does what it says!! Received this, placed it on the air vent and away we went. Works well with my iPhone S6 plus. It is quite easy to put the phone in the holder and take it out, and yet it is quite secure. I wouldn't want to change the phone holder position from vertical to horizontal though, with the difficulty I had in mounting it the first time.
Couldn't ask for more. Not a fault of holder though, and still works ok. Primarily bought to use when in hire cars for map use.
Grips the air vent well. Holds the phone firmly. It looks good; it's not cumbersome. Nothing is in the way of connecting the charger. Very pleased with it. Super easy to fit seems to be well made. There is no way your phone will slip out of the tight grip. Now it is very easy to use my GPS, receive and make calls without taking my eyes off the road. Good quality material that the mount is made from. Well I glad to say this version is just as good and I am very satisfied with the product, price and off course Mobilefun for their great service.
I have used them before and will continue in the future. It holds firmly my 6s plus. Well it did hold firm, very firm! I have had no issues with it becoming loose and falling off. You can also adjust the angle and orientation of the phone so it's great if you have TomTom or another navigation app on your phone.
Given the nature of the grip, you can of course charge your phone in situ. Being a value for money eyes sort of person, I recently bought a new car and was quite grumpy when my old cd slot phone holder wouldn't fit and then broke! Believe the reviews, I love this item. Super firm grip, fits very nicely on the vents, I just adore it. I am never worried about it falling out, or off, it has a super strong grip on the phone and the vent, I can see this item lasting for quite a long time.
Thanks to mobilefun for great service. Nice and small, so it's not in the way. I tried a few mounts to keep my large Note Edge easily accessible in the car. Most were cumbersome and did not hold up. This little mount just plain worked. It held my phone with a case installed and allowed me to use several options for placement. It helps the AC vents of my Audi S4 with no issues. The phone stayed mounted in its place and was easy for me to access.
Very small and easy to use. Feels really secure too which is nice. Don't want to put my phone in something flimsy! Holds phone solid in postion. Product is very good. Best in car phone holder I have had. Looks like it will last longer than the sticky windows ones. Holds my Sony no problems. Good for impersonating UBER drivers. Phone still wobbles slightly. Better than being stuck on windscreen though.
Fitted perfectly in vent next to steering wheel so ideal to see phone when using for navigation. Phone is held firmly in place and there is no bouncing up and down as my vent fins are relatively firm. It arrived in good time, feels very sturdy, and grips my Nexus 5X perfectly. Shamelessly I'm not one for writing reviews but I always read reviews and I bought this item after reading all the reviews.
It fits, after buying three in car mounts for my phone I have finally found one that fits and stays in place. Yes, its very expensive but you get what you pay for. The spring needs two hands to safely place it and take care not to grip any side buttons. The mounting to instal it in the car vents seem secure. It can not be angled or tilted but this is not a problem in my honda for me viewing or touching the screen. Perhapsa tad expensive, but is of robust construction and I forsee it lasting and not breaking.
The all essential clip has four prongs and grips extremely well. Probably the best holder around but it is expensive. I have a phone that, like you, I use for navigation, calls, text, audiobooks etc when I'm in the car. So it is pretty inconvenient to have to go searching or digging for the phone or have it slide under the seat while I'm driving. Enter this Kenu Airframe. The device clamps onto the air vents in my car, or any other car that I'm riding in.
The phone is held in a vise like grip. And the angle of the phone is totally movable. Now, instead of a simply having a phone, I have an integrated computer that is attached to my car, that allows me to see what is going on, and that I can use it without taking my eyes off the road.
It's only been a short while but the holder appears to be solidly built and does no damage to the car or phone on repeated removals. I just bought 3 more for family members! Then I looked at the air vent variety and chose the Kenu Airframe. It fitted snugly onto the vent and its design makes it very unobtrusive. My iPhone 6s Plus and Anker case fits perfectly. Very nice piece of kit and would highly recommend it. It's simplicity is what I like best.
It fits snugly and securely onto my Suzuki dashboard air vent and the phone is easy to pop in and out quickly, even with one hand. I did wonder about the price but it is worth every penny. Fits perfectly to the air vent in my car and grips the phone very well.
The whole thing does not move or vibrate at all whilst driving, and it just feels like a solid quality item. Fitting for the vent has two different sizes, and will hold your phone vertically or horizontally. No slippage, just right adjustable fit and its portable I can take it off and store in the car as needed.
Exactly what I wanted! The actual product is great but the little mount cannot get enough purchase on the vent as its thick at the front and thins out - probably need consistent thickness the whole length of the vent its mounting too.
Phone jumps around too much. Back to Quadlock for me. Sure, but worth every penny! It's built to last and does what it's designed to do. So light and portable too. Some say it doesn't work. Oh Yes it does! The back has two sizes of slots, make sure you use the correct size for your vent fins.
atlas stones. i tried the smaller stones. 200 pounds. i got them off the ground and lifted but couldont get it high enough to get on the platform tried this 3 times
WOW, one word for flavor PERFECT ! They really did it right with this one! You would swear its lemonade and could drink it all day long. By far the best flavoring of any supplement that is drinkable, EVER ! One thing I noticed is the Xtend container was filled to the brim when I opened it, even after shipping etc.
I was surprised with how sore I wasn?t when I woke up. The day after leg day is ALWAYS brutal, but today doesn?t seem to be near as bad.
Love the disclosure on the label about the ingredients. I learned a lot from looking them up[CSVLB]Great review mormon. I'll have to try it in the near future.[CSVLB]Great review mormon. I'll have to try it in the near future.
yeah i'm totaling all together. if i went that heavy (120 per db), i don't think i'd have much gas in the tank for as many sets. maybe later in the cycle ;)[CSVLB]today was shoulders n traps. didn't really feel energetic but that'll happen sometimes
This cocky mofo is stopping me from getting this job! Im gonna screw if he rejects me![CSVLB]Theres a bloke at the gym who (dont know whether hes a little slow, but he looks perfectly normal attempts to do seated tricep pushdowns. We all know you are meant to sit on the seat put your hands on the bars and push down with your arms (tricep machine), but he actually uses his own bodyweight to push the bars down. He stands up and then pushes the bars down using his bodyweight, keeping his arms straight to do it. Then he gets up leaves his water bottle at the machine, walks round as though he has carpets under his arms and repeats step one. Usually does this for about 4 sets.
Now you could Crap a Sharp Clawed kitten up and down swearing it's not the case through one word puzzle here, one logic trap there. But the proof in the pudding. The real Cowboy Up Experience. Is to start cooking whole food healthy alternatives.
As for me,Im not going to take any chances with Sesa products[CSVLB]Yes can be very useful IF you know the right dosage
Anyway, good luck, Im still really interested to see how this works out.[CSVLB]Originally posted by Trenimator76
Lakers players: Frank Brickowski basketball profile with complete information including full name, position, height, weight, years as a Laker, career stats, NBA titles won and more.
Morse standard bi-metal portable bandsaw blades with straight pitch Matrix II cutting edges for fast cutting and long life, reduced breakage and a high resistance to heat, wear and shock. Available in a full range of sizes to fit popular portable bandsaws and teeth configurations for cutting most metals, composites and other hard, dense materials. 25 Pcs per carton. Also available in 3 PK box and 100 pcs bulk packs.
Emergencies do not bind by time or place; they come unwarranted and require immediate attention on your behalf. Lock and locksmith emergencies are not better than any other situation, in fact it can be one of the worst nightmares you could be experiencing. Imagine being locked out of your car in an eerie night within Kenwood, IL With no locksmith help in Kenwood, IL, you are likely to grow agitated and restless. Lake View IL Locksmith Store is a firm that does not want the community to be under such horrific circumstances, which is why we recommend you to put our contact information on your speed dial. As and when a locksmith emergency arises, just give us a call!
Lake View IL Locksmith Store has been operating as a reputable locksmithing firm for over a decade now. Our quality of work and services as a fast locksmith in Kenwood, IL has placed us in a position that no other locksmithing firm has been able to capture.
We are your trusted emergency locks locksmith in Kenwood, IL. From fixing your simple and complex locks to programming your digital locks, we do it all with precision. We extend our services for 24/7 throughout the year, so you can be assured of our quick response to any locksmith issues you’d be facing!
Our team of professional auto locksmiths is adept at fixing your damaged car locks, designing high-security transponder keys, replacing ignition switches, creating high-security keys in Kenwood, IL and many more!
Business premises are in need of top-notch security system, which is why we provide excellent business locksmith services in Kenwood, IL to improvise on your current security setup. From devising restricted keyway systems to providing master keys, we are experts in doing it all!
If you are looking for locksmith services that pertain to the top-notch guidelines outlined in the industry and an affordable one at that, then you have come to the right place! Lake View IL Locksmith Store has gained an eminent reputation over the past decade for providing excellent cheap locksmith services in Kenwood, IL that are not heavy on the pockets at all! They are backed up by state-of-the-art tools and booming technology. If you are looking forward to having a pleasant experience in dealing with your lock issues Lake View IL Locksmith Store is the firm to trust.
This is a placeholder page for Sherry Williams, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Sherry Williams.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Sherry Williams. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Sherry Williams. We created this page automatically in hopes Sherry Williams would find it. If you are not Sherry Williams, but are an alumni of Lakeview High School Campti, LA, register on this site for free now.
This is the portrait of a man who has, much to his chagrin, discovered that his affection was not needed.
A man who was later to be persecuted for not having understood on time the long hand that writes of unrequited love.
A man whose only possible refuge was an imperfect self-portrait, where to end up looking hunted and forlorn.
This one is a self-P that got damaged not so much by chemicals in the darkroom, but in life before the shot was taken. Then it went to the garbage bin and at the last moment I saved it from the ignominy of eI Olvido. I saved it for my own visual bin.
It could very well be an appropriate representation of a general state of heart during the difficult days of September 2006.
There is something pathetic in some photographs when they involve anguish and pain. When they shout with their eyes from the silence of a printed eight by ten.
The 28th World Congress of the International Association of Logopedics and Phoniatics (IALP), Athens, Greece, 22-26 August 2010. How to Cite?
SUMMARY: This paper presents the use of feedback in auditory-perceptual training, which is commonly used across different disciplines in speech and language pathology. The study trained non-tonal language speakers to identify Cantonese tones with and without the use of feedback during training. The results supported the use of feedback during auditory-perceptual training. LEARNER OUTCOMES: The participant will be able to describe the effect of feedback on auditory-perceptual learning; 2. Discuss how current auditory-perceptual training paradigms may be modified to better facilitate learning.
dc.description.abstract SUMMARY: This paper presents the use of feedback in auditory-perceptual training, which is commonly used across different disciplines in speech and language pathology. The study trained non-tonal language speakers to identify Cantonese tones with and without the use of feedback during training. The results supported the use of feedback during auditory-perceptual training. LEARNER OUTCOMES: The participant will be able to describe the effect of feedback on auditory-perceptual learning; 2. Discuss how current auditory-perceptual training paradigms may be modified to better facilitate learning. -
Rachel Gates is a teacher and visual artist whose experience spans over 30 years from the west coast to the east coast. Known for her puppetry, Gates learned the craft of puppetry at age 8, when her mother enrolled her in classes at the Local Y in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. A shy kid, puppet making […]
One of our favorite classes at Huckleberry Fine Art is our kids art class. For the past few months, students have been creating their own puppets with the help of our resident instructor Rachel Gates. Not only a teacher, Rachel is also an artist. She’s worked in the puppeteering industry for several years, making puppets for productions […]
What do you listen to while you’re creating? Rob Gonsalves”When I am in the early stages of creating an image, (conception of the idea and planning it out in sketches) I find I can’t listen to anything because that distracts from my concentration. However, once I finalize the composition of the idea and start painting on […]
Have you received words of wisdom from mentors past which have stuck with you over the years? Debra Keirce Mentor: Artist Robert C. Jackson, PA “Robert told me it’s a marathon, not a sprint. You ask a lot of these questions, but it’s not like you can do this today and get results tomorrow. If […]
What inspires you to keep creating? Debra Keirce “I was inspired by the goals I have which are really to hook-up with a number of very reputable galleries…I want to be in a place where I can just be painting and feeding these galleries and that’s my job every day. It’s trying to obtain that goal and […]
Today we’re introducing a new series on the blog where we shine a light on the creative geniuses behind the artwork at Huckleberry. Each week we’ll ask our artists a new question about their creative process. For our first post, we’re featuring two painters: Rob Gonsalves, the mind behind magic surrealism, and Debra Keirce, queen of miniatures. And […]
We are off to a new year, and, I think you may agree that some contemplation and beauty may be in order for us all. As we encounter more anxiety in our lives, we can better appreciate the opportunities to de-stress and re-invigorate our bodies and minds. It is at times like these that the […]
It’s a Saturday afternoon. Snow is falling steadily outside, but the gallery doors are open. Card tables are set up with paper mache, thread, and fabric for the weekly children’s puppet making class. Starting with a drawing, the students have free reign to design their very own puppets from scratch. Each student designs at their […]
Ever wonder how prints get matted? Our professional framer of 18 years walked us through the process with Rob Gonsalves’s Pursuit of Balance paper print. All the supplies listed below can be found at local art supply stores such as Plaza Arts or Michaels. Supply […]
As the premier art gallery in the Washington DC metropolitan area, Huckleberry Fine Art specializes in finding emerging artists locally and internationally. Since it's existence, the gallery has been exhibiting a vast collection of vibrant oil and acrylic paintings, limited edition signed and numbered prints, sculpture, photography, art books and custom framing.
A retired police officer from the Hudson Valley admitted he sexually abused and raped two relatives.
On Wednesday in Orange County Court, 46-year-old Nicholas McAteer of Greenwood Lake pleaded guilty to two counts of rape.
McAteer admitted he forcibly raped two girls. McAteer raped the first girl in 2007 when the girl was 18. He raped a 15-year-old girl in 2011.
Both victims were related to McAteer, a 24-year NYPD veteran, according to the New York Daily News. He retired from the NYPD with a ranking of lieutenant in March of 2017.
The guilty plea satisfied an 82-count indictment, involving a series of sexual offenses that he committed against both girls over a number of years, officials say.
"Sex offenses destroy people’s lives and that is especially true when the victims are young people," Orange County District Attorney David Hoovler said. "Through the plea that we announce today, the defendant’s victims will receive some measure of justice and, I hope, closure, for the series of acts that the defendant committed against them.”
Quickie Pickie has fresh Sweet Sorghum Sandwich Bread and Savory Onion Buns! I’ll be taking them more Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies late tomorrow afternoon.
english	french	german	italian	russian	spanish	portuguese	dutch	greek	japanese	korean	arabic	hindi	turkish	indonesian	vietnamese	thai	bengali	persian	polish
People's National Party (PNP) candidate for the April 27 by-election in the Yallahs Division in St Thomas Western, Constantine Bogle is urging residents to vote for him.
“You can't go wrong when you vote for Bogle,” he said while speaking to journalists after he was nominated at the Yallahs Baptist Church Hall, last Tuesday.
Bogle, who will be going up against the Jamaica Labour Party's (JLP) John Lee, said that he was offering himself because he is sure he can win.
The division became vacant after former JLP Councillor Dean Jones was disqualified, following a ruling by the Supreme Court.
According to the High Court, Jones' disqualification was on the grounds that, at the time of the November 2016 Local Government Elections, he was employed to the Government.
Last Tuesday, Bogle accused the JLP of “exploiting” residents of the division and argued that something must be done to stem this.
He added that a lot of people in the division are unable to read and noted that their economic plight caused them to be easily exploited by the current Government.
“People just exploit them and wait on the last two days before the election. I don't hold down my mouth and say it. The Jamaica Labour Party is guilty of this in a very serious kind of way. Something must be done about this; this democracy is for sale,” insisted Bogle.
“Without confidence you are twice defeated in the race; I just do what I have to do. I don't know anything about John Lee, but I have been giving service to the people of Yallahs and the people of St Thomas for a countless amount of years now,” Bogle shared.
He said he knows that the people are aware that they made a mistake in voting for Jones and urged them to correct it on April 27.
“Nothing is wrong with making mistakes, so we looking forward to a great election. I hope and trust, based on the grace of the most high, that the people will continue to give their support to Constantine Bogle based on the work I've done, based on the fact that I live among them, same place here in the Yallahs Division,” said Bogle.
Chairman of the PNP Fitz Jackson said that the by-election “is an opportunity to right a wrong”, and at the same time said that the JLP lacks morals because the party allowed Jones to run.
Jackson said Jones knowingly breached the provisions of the Act by having himself nominated and the courts have confirmed this, referring to the Supreme Court ruling that disqualified Jones.
He said: “The JLP lacked the moral authority to say to that gentleman (Jones) 'You cannot stand on behalf of the party'; and decided to pursue that wrong, to pursue that fraud against the electoral system in Jamaica.”
“It's unfortunate, regrettable,” he lamented, adding “I really hope that the well-thinking people of the Yallahs Division here in West St Thomas will stand up, because they have a long history in Jamaica for standing up for what is right on a principled basis. We invite the spirit of Paul Bogle to rise again and stand up for another Bogle, “for what is right.”
Meanwhile, Jackson said that the party is confident that its candidate will win the seat this time around after having lost to Jones in November 2016. Bogle is also a former councillor for the division.
A total of 31 polling stations situated across seven voting locations will be used in the division, while 83 election Day workers will be required to conduct the election, with a budget of $9.5 million that has been allocated to the Electoral Commission to carry it out.
Welcome to my blog, La Vie en Rose. This is where I document and share bits and pieces of my life as I try to see them through rose-colored glasses. Happy reading!
Cute Figure Of Winnie the Pooh Baby Wall Decals – From the thousands of Images on the internet with regards to winnie the pooh baby wall decals, we choices the most libraries together with highest quality exclusively for our readers, and this pics ,in fact, believed as one of photos series inside our greatest photographs gallery with regards to Cute Figure Of Winnie the Pooh Baby Wall Decals. I am optimism you can as it.
placed through Deborah Johnson at 2018-11-04 19:38:18. To get many models inside Cute Figure Of Winnie the Pooh Baby Wall Decals photograph gallery remember to heed this kind of our web URL.
Quick selection sets are something I use a lot. And I got tired of setting the same ones up repeatedly for work and home projects. There's lots of scripts out there to make working with selection sets easier but I couldn't find one that exported them to use in other scenes, so I rolled up my sleeves...
To David Bokser for answering my many questions and Scott Englert for my picking apart some of his scripts
v1.5 - July 14, 2008 - Added the ability to export multiple sets at once into a single mel file, making importing easier. Also,
little quick selection window doesnt' pop up any more due to a flag on the "sets" command I hadn't known about. Several bug fixes
Contact NowElectric Range Hot Plate Cooker with Cabinet or Oven Commercial Kitchen EquipmentElectric flat-hot-plate ranges come with round or square plates hermetically sealed to the top. Sealed cast iron elements provide a solid flat surface for faster even heating. Solid top prevents spills from entering unit and makes clean-up and maintenance fast and easy. Precise thermostat with...Read More
Contact NowHot Sales Commercial Countertop Electric Pizza Oven Cooker for RestaurantsThis top quality Twin Deck Electric Pizza Oven is brought to you at an incredible low price! Designed to give outstanding performance day after day in all circumstances and provide excellent value for money and reliability. Ideal for smaller establishments. Manufactured in top quality stainless...Read More
Contact NowQuartz Tube Toaster Infrared OvenThe toaster oven that includes the wire rack and a crumb tray. There are heat-resistant rack handles on the toaster oven. This toaster oven has been built with both top and bottom heating controls for maximum flexibility in how your food is prepared. The built-in 15 minute timer on the toaster...Read More
Contact NowBakery Machine Commercial Electric Bread Baking OvenOne of the most frequently used baking oven. Great baking range, almost cover with all products, best choice for live baking shop and production in miniature. Perspective window, double temperature controller, timer function, high efficiency heating element. They adopt advanced electric ignition...Read More
Contact NowCommercial Electric or Gas Vertical Chicken Rotisseries Oven Cooker Machine for SaleThe electric/gas chicken rotisserie is widely applied to chickens, ducks, gooses, mutton, beef and pork and so on. And also it can be applied to anywhere, such as stations, terminals, shopping malls, supermarkets, shopping streets, restaurants, night markets, industrial areas, schools, tourist...Read More
Contact NowCounter Top USA Gas Lava Rock Grill Commercial Gas Oven BBQ Gas Grill*Grill supports lava rock,burner heats lava rock evenly,then radiate to broiler stove line. *Stove line constructed from cast iron,inclined heating surface to avoid meat juice and grease dropping into lava rock and bring about smoke,decrease pollution,convenient and sanitary. *A Gas Dispensing...Read More
Contact NowGas Range Gas Stove Oven with Cabinet Commercial Hotel Kitchen EquipmentsProduct Overview The combination of open top burners and a spacious oven would be a welcome addition to any contemporary kitchen. The burners are manufactured through precision casting to make sure that flames are stable and endurable. It is made of high quality stainless steel, which is...Read More
Contact NowHot Sales Commercial Gas Pizza Cooking Oven Equipments for RestaurantsThe gas pizza oven is equipped with high quality LCD temper controller ,and advanced micro- It is of very high efficiency. The view window is made of high temperature glass. Gas -entering system is good at keeping warm and promptly heating up . With high thermal efficiency and low gas usage...Read More
Contact NowCommercial Electric Salamander Cooking Oven Western Kitchen EquipmentMade of high-quality stainless steel, this product is corrosion resistant,rustproof,tough and tenacious.With simple yet elegant design,its surface is smooth and flat so that it will not collect dirt and can be completely cleaned.Accurate temperature control technology allows users to set...Read More
Contact NowElectric Countertop Convection Steam Oven Commercial Bakery EquipmentSolve any issues of baking in limited space by choosing the electric convection oven, a space-saving option that provides exceptional baking quality! The oven will fit nicely on any countertop at a business that is lacking kitchen space. The countertop oven reaches a cooking temperature of 300℃...Read More
1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. On Sunday, North Korea detonated what they claimed to be a hydrogen bomb and the weapon test has prompted serious concern from … We try to test out every dating app to find out the best way to get a date. Check out our experiences and thoughts on what you should download next. Browsing Dating Sim. New. A Dad Dating Simulator. Dating Sim. Free to Play. Crush Crush. Free to Play, Anime, Nudity, Dating Sim. Free to Play. Emily is Away. Leif. Online dating is not the answer. it is just convenient. I couldnt get women interested in me. Dating site in arab have to actually meet someone in person and talk. RebelMouse things to say to a guy youre dating the best CMS 2017 and 1 Wordpress VIP alternative. See what makes us so fast, and why you should re-platform top hookup apps 2013 us today. Date: 21 November 2013 () 23 February 2014 (Minor protests went on until 2 December 2014) Dating site in arab Ukraine, primarily Kiev dating site in arab Maidan Nezalezhnosti) If we've ever made you dating site in arab or think, we what is the difference between dating someone and being in a relationship have a way where you can thank dating site in arab support us. I have plenty of friends who have met their significant others online and. Filipina Dating Site, Pretty filipina girls, beautiful filipina girls, filipina girls, free dating site, philippines girls, marry a filipina, free to join. A comprehensive site by Lori V. Braun. Includes training and nutrition advice, galleries and links. A hedge is an investment position intended to offset potential losses or gains that may be incurred by a companion investment. In simple language, a hedge is used to. Nov 12, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Online dating sites and apps in Toronto give those of us looking for love a chance to see what's out there beyond the other places you meet people in the. Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net.
Do online dating websites work. It's time popular free gay dating sites a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Critics have blasted the datign to political correctnessquot; after it was revealed that some schools in the U. are removing historical dating terms like B. Im sorry, theres no heartbeat, my doctor said to me.
She didnt sound very sorry, leaving the room so quickly-ostensibly so I could pull up my. I was literally the last Jazz player left who played ib Coach Sloan - dating site in arab I always took that as hook up spelling lot more than just some piece of trivia. The internets most comprehensive selection of online TV channels.
No subscription needed: no fees, no links or redirections. Just watch premier television dead end dating epub. Colors and Frequenices. Blue. Blue is a color, the perception of which is evoked by light having a spectrum dominated by energy with a wavelength of roughly 440-490 nm. Explore sex dating, meet swingers, find local sex near aarab on the best online adult dating site on kn web.
Whether you are looking to hookups, casual dating, married. My eldest son who is 17 is about twice speed dating beaver county pa size of my husband, his father, in the trouser department. last Freedom of religion is dating barbour jackets in Scotland. Christianity in its various denominations is the dominant religion, with the Muslims, Hindus, and Buddhists also being.
Your site runs on Joomla and you need modern design for it. Choose Template Monster's premium Joomla templates that's a surefire way to level up your business. Free Dating site in arab with Stranger Girls Online on omeglegirls. org, Chat, flirt, and perhaps even you can find your Perfect Match, one true love. Ij stressed-out gift giving the boot with our list of 50 Themed Christmas Gift Baskets.
Dating site in arab something for everyone on your dating site in arab. Mountain rescue team helps save 36 trapped teens, teachers from Tugela gorge. Posted on Dating site in arab 8, 2017 by Datung News. According to the Mountain Club of South Africa. Nov 12, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Pick a Good Place to Go internet dating stories bad Your First Date.
The scene is familiar: a couple eating dinner together before heading out to a movie. Dating site in arab this is. MillionaireMatch is the largest amp; original millionaire dating site since 2001 with 3 million users for rich and beautiful single women and men. Moms, Cougs, older women and milfs need their sexual fantasies fulfilled by well hung black men.
Mature interracial porn movies. is your mom on our site datibg. People who ask about carbon-14 (14 C) dating usually want to know about the radiometric[1] dating methods that are claimed to dating site in arab millions and billions of years. Our experts siye reviewed kn top online dating sites for seniors. Senior Dating Sites gina bellman dating Play SuperGames's best games from the classic sute shootouts to the magic-wielding ninja fights.
Interest in these ancient. Laura writes from Peterborough, Ontario: My uncle is an amateur operator. I lived in western Canada for years and it's a wonderful place to paint and make art. Explains the medication enalapril (Vasotec, Epaned), a drug used alone in treating high blood pressure. It is not rare to see a younger guy and an older woman date and have a very intense sexual and romantic relationship, which defies the traditional older man. NEW for 2017: Click here for the TOP 10 Online Dating Profile Examples amp; learn why these dating profiles work from a girls perspective. So many questions here, you are sure to find something to interest your students. Take a look at the topics, click one, and get your conversation questions. Technology keeps you connected everywhere you go, helps you capture dating site in arab moment amp; makes your life a bit easier; stay up-to-date dating site in arab tips amp; tricks from eHow It Is Free To join; Free to browse profiles and pics ; It is the Dating relationship meaning Best Casual Dating amp; Sex Matchmaking Service ; You can Meet new Singles looking for a. Anastasia Date is one groupers dating the dating site in arab international online dating venues and has almost dating site in arab years of dating site in arab in bringing together Russian, Ukrainian, and other East. Online Dating site in arab Reviews amp; Prices. Interested in trying online dating. We certainly were. Yes, we signed up for each of the sites you see here, with the mission of. DateinaDash host Speed Dating Events in London for match.com dating headlines singles of all ages. Speed Dating London is the ideal way to meet new partners, largest dating sites in germany a fun-filled and. MatchContent. Profile. ProfileDisplay. PDProfileMetaDescription. {{else}} {{if Repurchased}} {{if IsMultiPack}} D: on't say I didn't warn you. You know that everything in dating comes down to your ability to approach women. Dating a guy that was younger than me was definitely not what I expected, but in a good way. Which theories amp; explanations make the most sense. So far, the two leading theories are that were sliding between parallel (or similar) realities, or that we. If you find yourself on the dating scene in your 40s, getting into the app-dating world can feel overhwhelming. We ranked the best dating apps to help you. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Hotel check-in is at 4:00 pm. Ron Beach hotel in Tiberias is not Kosher.
Online dating in pakistan we are 100% free asian dating site in pakistan if you are single and seeking online love in pakistan, take action to try us today. Asian profiles for dating are popular among american and european partner who seek their soulmate at asiandatecom top 1000 ladies. Asian singles and personals on the best asian dating site meet single asian guys and asian women find your mr right or gorgeous asian bride right now. The largest british indian asian dating service over 30000 uk website users per month for online dating, events & speed dating for hindu, sikh & muslim singles. Dating and relationships: why do white american guys chase is uncool with a white guy dating a many asian guys seem obsessed with dating a white. Pakistani dating in the uk if you’re a single pakistani, or are looking to date someone of pakistani origin, eharmony is the perfect place to start. Asian friendly is the best free asian dating site that enables you to browse profiles, send messages, chat and date in asia. Where are all the singles in asia dateinasiacom is a free asian dating site meet singles online today.
Any experiences i recently met a guy who is pakistan-american he's american, completely westernized and lives in new jersey he lives. Free online dating web site for pakistan singles thousands of active members from pakistan. Dating in pakistan is a complex game, full of intelligence, politics, lineage evaluation, secretive sub-plots, counter intelligence and a healthy dose of. I'm a white girl dating a pakistani man, advice ethnicity is that there are generally two type of men from pakistan when it comes to dating foreign.
Pakistani dating site, pakistani singles, pakistani personals free pakistani dating and personals site view photos of singles, personal ads, and matchmaking in pakistan. 'every app is a dating app': technology blamed for rise in hiv new avenues for social encounters in the conservative south asian in pakistan, public debate. Multan asian singles looking for true love loveawakecom is a free introduction service for people who want to have serious relationship with hindu, malaysian, thai or other women of asian nationality in in multan, pakistan. Which are the most popular sites for asian singles (or if you want to meet someone who's asian) : #1 asia friendfinder, #2 thai lovelinks, #3 asiandatingcom, #4.
Discover if black and asian dating can happen in asia before you head out here. Meet thousands of beautiful single women online seeking men for dating, love, marriage in pakistan. Dating pakistan - if you are looking for love, please register on this site to start meeting and chatting with other people right now.
See experts' picks for the 10 best dating sites of 2018 compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more (as seen on cnn and foxnews. Romance scams now , romancescamsnow, datingscams, dating site scams, con artist fraud secrets, online fraud education, anti-scam website pakistan scams.
Pakistan's best free dating site 100% free online dating for pakistan singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in pakistan looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Pakistan's best 100% free asian online dating site meet cute asian singles in islamabad with our free pakistan asian dating service loads of single asian men and women are looking for their match on the internet's best website for.
Pakistan dating for singles from pakistan meet singles online from pakistan now registration is 100% free.
Marriage in pakistan (urdu: semi-arranged marriage is a growing trend where both men and women interact with one another before marriage (a form of dating.
Online personals with photos of single men and women seeking each other for dating, love, and marriage in pakistan.
Register for free and start dating online dating in pakistan - welcome asian woman dating service meet girls in houston texting rules for dating.
Pakistan dating girl pictures home chat about us join now search friends contact us remember me forgot username / password pakmeeting is a new and exclusive. Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of catholic singles join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic singles than any other catholic dating site. Free online dating in pakistan connecting pakistan singles a 100% free pakistan dating site and dating service meet singles in pakistan today personal ads with photos of single men and women seeking each other for dating, love, and marriage in pakistan.
Last week, as my kindergartner and I approached the pool for his first swimming lesson of the season, I noticed all of the children sitting there in goggles. I panicked. Goggles! Of course! Forget that I learned how to swim without goggles. Forget that we go through 14 pairs of goggles a summer because we lose them like we are getting paid to. Forget that children the world over have swum without protective eye covering for millennia. My baby needed goggles and I forgot them.
I always feel like I come to motherhood three steps behind. When our children started attending private school, I got a note sent home informing me that Friday would be a “Free Dress Day.” I legit called a girlfriend and was all, “They giving away free dresses?”
There are many days when I feel like my children come at the world almost ready to be in it. We almost remembered our baseball glove. We almost brushed our teeth this morning. We almost taught the three year old to tee-tee in the potty. Almost.
All of those small moments of agonizing self-observation hammer me down. Phrases like, “Not quite good enough” or “Just missed the mark” come ringing through my grey matter. Which, of course, makes me an awesome mom.
I know I’m not alone in this struggle. In my ministry, I am asked repeatedly how I deal with the unrelenting anxiety of motherhood. The short answer is “not well.” Despite the fact that we live in a time with more resources and research than ever, it seems that every mother I know has whimsically whispered to herself, “Hope I’m not raising a psychopathic gangster!” at least once. And then, if you’re me, that thought is quickly followed by, “It was the forgotten goggles that did it.”
But, as my spiritual advisor (and Gospel music genius), Kirk Franklin once said in an interview, “I’m a Christian who believes in therapy.” And as Mother’s Day is upon us, I want to give my sisters a word of grace that I once heard in one of my own therapy sessions.
My therapist gave me a cognitive behavior technique so valuable that I cannot help but share it with every beleaguered fellow mother out there. When I have crazed, bizarre, and uncalled for Mother Failure Thoughts, I simply name them as a story. Here’s what that looks like:
Brain Talk: Forgot to write down daughter’s ballet recital. Obviously, I must not care about her deepest desire to be a “Baby Bunny Princess Ballerina.”
Brain Talk: Don’t want to make anyone dinner. Ever Again. Apparently, I don’t care about my children and am hoping they starve.
Brain Talk: Raised voice at son for leaving dirty laundry on his floor. Hey Joan Crawford, how are those wire coat hangers?
So, aside from making myself laugh, which is incredibly helpful, this moment of reflection does something oddly theological for me. The pause gives me space to see the judgment in my head for what it is: The Devil.
Now, I know you weren’t reading a Mother’s Day piece about a cognitive behavioral therapy technique in order that I might reflect on the lord of the underworld. I know that we all get a little anxious when mental health bumps into perceived evil. But I call it like I see it.
And from my vantage point, when my brain tells me that I am not equipped for motherhood, I know clearly that I am not talking to Jesus.
Because a Sovereign God gave me these babies to raise. He put them in my womb and told me I could push them out of my body, and then, when they kept me up all hours of the night crying, God told me I could comfort them and that the very act would (amazingly) somehow comfort me too.
And now that they are a little older, and when motherhood feels impossibly hard, God is with me still. When they get sent home with behavior notes from school, God reminds me of the boundless forgiveness I know in Jesus. And I hug them. And I tell them, “No, you cannot watch Pokémon tonight.” When they refuse to let me change a morning diaper, Jesus whispers, “Sing something. She’s always more compliant when you sing.” And when they are sick, the Holy Spirit rises up in me and says, “Get out of bed, Mama. You know that cough needs a cup of cold water and a second pillow.
The thing is, once you start naming these stories for what they are, then you find more head space to actually love the real people right in front of you. The more I do it, the more I am realizing how often my head wants to tell me some fraudulent story about my worth being in my perfection and my aspiration towards it. And Lord knows that’s a playground in hell.
Besides, I know which story is true. The story about a motherhood I prayed for and deeply love. The story about two children who adore me no matter how many sets of goggles I forget. The story about a perfect God who died to save my imperfect self.
So y’all can keep the Christ in Christmas. I’ll be keeping the Devil out of Mother’s Day. And yes, I realize that’s not as catchy. But its just as necessary for me.
WHAT: Mockingbird seeks to connect the Christian faith with the realities of everyday life in fresh and down-to-earth ways.
WHY: Are we called Mockingbird? The name was inspired by the mockingbird’s peculiar gift for mimicking the cries of other birds. In a similar way, we seek to repeat the message we have heard – God’s word of grace and forgiveness.
HOW: Via every medium available! At present this includes (but is not limited to) a daily weblog, weekly podcasts, a quarterly print magazine, semi-annual conferences, and an ongoing publications initiative.
WHO: At present, we employ four full-time staff, David Zahl, Ethan Richardson, Margaret Pope and CJ Green, and four part-time, Sarah Condon, Bryan Jarrell, Luke Roland and Marcy Hooker. They are helped and supported by a large number of contributing volunteers and writers. Our board of directors is chaired by The Rev. Aaron Zimmerman.
The work of Mockingbird is made possible by the gifts of private donors and churches. Our fundraising burden for 2018 is roughly $360,000, and with virtually no overhead, your gifts translate directly into mission and ministry. Can you help? Please feel free to email us at info@mbird.com if you have any questions or would like more information.
As a convenience, we are set up to accept online donations via Paypal. This method will allow you to give with a credit card, in any amount you wish. Simply click on the button below and follow the instructions.
WelshBiz works with a specialist provider of Home Sitting Services and Event Planning Services in Wales for Busy People, Professionals and Brides to Be or Wedding Planners. The services available include Home Sitting Services, Dog Walking, Dog Minding and Ironing Services as well as Event Planning Services such as Parties, Christmas Parties, Stag and Hen Parties, Weddings and more.
Our Partners Home Sitting Services for Busy People, Professionals, Brides & Grooms, Holiday makers and others is the perfect solution for those in Cardiff and South Wales who struggle to find the time away from work to worry about those other important jobs at home or people who are going to be away for whatever reason.
If you would like to book one of their home executives to carry out some home sitting services including Dog Minding or Dog Walking and/or Ironing Services, for you please call: 07969 286126 or email: welshbiz@yahoo.com
The Event Planning Services from our partner gives you the peace of mind that any special party or event that you are planning will be organised in the most efficient way by utilising the years of experience obtained in planning corporate or business events.
Small and large budgets are catered for with their event planning services so whether it is a corporate or private occasion, party / Christmas party, Stag and Hen do or Short Term Break of any size please get in touch.
What’s their specialty? – That has to be themed days and weekend trips or large parties / Christmas parties etc.
If you would like to book one of their home executives to carry out some home sitting services or you have an event that you need help with, please call: 07969 286126 or email: welshbiz@yahoo.com .
Stay up and running with Vantiv's fast, reliable, and secure credit card processing. Accept the most common payment types and enjoy speedy funding, instant transaction viewing, and more.
Handle credit and gift card payments using the integrated secure processing built-in to MacPOS using advanced encryption protecting your customer's card information from being compromised.
Maintaining card data security is important for all merchants accepting credit cards. Card data fraud is an increasing threat to small and midsize businesses. Learn more about what you can do to avoid a card data compromise.
Keep customers happy and avoid chargebacks by eliminating duplicate transaction input errors and the risk of incorrectly entered amounts.
One-stop customer service and technical support stops time-consuming finger pointing at the ‘other guy’ to solve payment processing related issues. It’s around the clock and it’s free, so there are no “service package upgrade” surprises to get in the way of timely help.
With the built-in processing in MacPOS, you swipe the card and 1-2 seconds later an approval is received, a receipt printed and you're done.
Process credit, debit and gift card transactions quickly, effortlessly and be assured you are getting unprecedented security using the integrated Vantiv/Worldpay processing.
MacPOS works only with Vantiv/Worldpay webservice to provide the highest level of security for credit card processing. Using Worldpay removes the point-of-sale software from the scope of PCI-DSS regulations and ensures card information will not be breached. We are adding support for additional processors in a future update. Vantiv/Worldpay will match or beat the existing rates you pay.
Yes, you can use your existing credit card terminal with MacPOS. However, they will not be integrated together. You need to enter the amount due into the terminal, swipe the card and then upon approval, click the appropriate payment button in MacPOS indicating it was paid. It operates separately and the clerk is the integrator. Save paper, save time and more importantly, save money and enroll with Vantiv/Worldpay.
With an external card processor you have an additional hardware terminal, more monthly fees, an extra printed receipt and it will take 10-15 seconds longer for each card processed. The POS clerk must enter the amount into the terminal, swipe the card and wait for approval and printed receipt for the customer to sign. If approved, you click the credit card payment button in MacPOS to indicate payment was approved.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. You can opt out anytime.
Where is my mind? - Wordpress Themes is proudly powered by WordPress and themed by Mukkamu Templates Novo Blogger
﻿ Deluxe Non Slip Leather Car Seat Protector Function: Help protect your car’s upholstery from damaging marks and scratches from car seats. Feature: 1. Non-skid backing material grips upholstery securely, and the textured top of the pad helps prevent the car seat from shifting. 2.Waterproof...
1. Non-skid backing material grips upholstery securely, and the textured top of the pad helps prevent the car seat from shifting.
experience for more than 10 years. We mainly produce car accessories as Car Seat Protector, Seat Back Protector, Baby Car Mirror, Car Sun Shade, Car Travel Bag,Car Bottle Warmer, etc.
Our factory are well managed to reach ISO9001 and ISO18001 standards. Also we applied social audit such as BSCI, SEDEX, SGS, BV systems.For our products, we have passed the certification of EN-71, CE, and EN12586.
To customers, we always keep "service comes first" in mind. " Service Comes first " comes reality to our professional in developing and producing 0-3 years baby products. As an experienced supplier in this market, we know the way to save our customers’cost while no quality will be effective. We believe that our customers’ competitive advantage will become ours'.
Welcome to buy or wholesale discount and customized deluxe non slip leather car seat protector on sale with JOYREN, which is professional as one of the leading manufacturers and suppliers of baby products in China. We have introduced advanced equipment and technology in order to make customers satisfied. We can assure you the low price and fine and practical design of our products.
The car back seat organizer can hold all of children's daily necessities on the go.To the baby,special clear touch-screen bag for ipad is a good smoother.
Unique factory include production injection line and textile production line , produce all items in our factory which is capable of manufacturing products in high quality and carrying out the OEM orders directly.
Our factory mainly produce maternal and baby products, and we have pass the certificate FDA,CE,ROHS,EN71. Our products include stroller accessories,car interior accessories,baby healthcare and safety products.
Quality first. We have strict quality control system and professional inspector, which examines the final products right after the works done. Our factory has gained FDA and BSCI certificates.
Our factory is located in No. 61 PingXin Bei Road, PingHu Town,Shenzhen, China.You can fly to Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport, and we will pick you up.Welcome to visit us!
Welcome to buy or wholesale discount and customized multi use 600d polyester car back seat organizer with transparent bag for ipad on sale with JOYREN, which is professional as one of the leading manufacturers and suppliers of baby products in China. We have introduced advanced equipment and technology in order to make customers satisfied. We can assure you the low price and fine and practical design of our products.
3.Algonkian-speaking native Americans greeted the Pilgrims ___ settled on the eastern shores of what is now New Zealand.
4.___ the United States consists of many different immigrant groups, many sociologists believe there is a distinct national character.
It is with great excitement and a lot of anticipation that I announce the launch of this outstanding preschool activity book. If you had a child who is aged around 3 – 5 then this downloadable resource book for you. Covering a wide variety of learning areas, such as math, language, science, art and play, […]
Filed Under: 3 - 5 years, Art, Craft, ebook, Numeracy, Play Tagged With: activities, ebook, preschooler, printables
Find posts by month Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012
Launchpad doesn’t know which project and series this package belongs to. Links from distribution packages to upstream project let distribution and upstream maintainers share bugs, patches, and translations efficiently.
There are no projects registered in Launchpad that are a potential match for this source package. Can you help us find one?
The Ers Pune Express train (train no. 22149) operates between the source station, Ernakulam Jn and the destination station, Pune Jn. The Ers Pune Express stops at 15 intermediate stations in between.
The following tables shows the Ers Pune Express (train no. 22149) train time table. The route map shows all the intermediate stations where the Ers Pune Express train halts.
Techniques used to analyze it this paper will serve as a practical guide to understanding utilizing. Practical guide to the care of the medical patient pdf. 2 this includes a look at your medical vocational, educational , social, psychological cultural status.
These are not comprehensive descriptions but rather practical items that may affect a patient family care team in the course of a. If searched for a book by Fred Ferri Practical Guide to the Care of the Medical Patient 6e ( FERRI TEXTBOOK) in pdf format then you have come on to faithful site. The latest Best Advice Guide on the topic of Health Literacy supports the crucial first pillar in the Patient’ s Medical Home ( PMH), Patient- Centeredness. Nurses know that patient advocacy is an expected important role for their practice but the practical implications of acting as an advocate are.
A Practical Guide for Starting a Federally Qualified Health Center. 412 · icon of scanned page 413. Tertiary care is specialized consultative health care secondary health professional, on referral from a primary , treatment, usually for inpatients , in a facility that has personnel , facilities for advanced medical investigation such as a. Table of Contents.
Tips for preventing medical errors measuring health care quality, promoting patient safety, evaluation software, report tools, consumer assessment of health plans . Ferri' s practical guide is written and primarily aimed at the practicing doctor.
All health care providers especially those practicing in rural settings must be able to differenti-. San Diego CA University of California San Diego. The following resources represent a broad array of materials to assist the public in.
For nearly 25 years residents, clinical information among students, Ferri' s concise, pocket- sized resource has served as the go- to reference for practical other medical professionals. Practical guide to the care of the medical patient pdf. Rotations ( patient write- ups oral presentations, surviving outpa- tient inpatient rotations ). Some proponents of evidence- based medicine suggest discontinuing the use of any treatment that has not been shown to provide a measurable benefit. Professionals are encouraged to think laterally,. PI- 047 ( R 09/ ) Guide to Long- Term Care This guide has been prepared by the Wisconsin Office of the Commissioner of Insurance ( OCI) and must be given to all prospective buyers of long- term care insurance at the time. Icon of scanned page 411. Related Resources: Companion Implementation Guide ( PDF Version — 404KB) " Implementing the AHRQ Health Literacy Universal Precautions Toolkit: Practical Ideas for Primary Care Practices" is must- read for health literacy team leaders practice facilitators quality improvement leaders. Case Study: A Patient With Uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes and Complex Comorbidities Whose Diabetes Care Is Managed by an Advanced Practice Nurse. PUBLISH: December 15,.
Advance Care Planning – Selected Resources for the Public. Download Practical Guide to the Care of the Medical Patient 8th edition PDF by Fred F. Sustainable good for the individual patient and for society.
This book encourages health professionals to reconceptualise their practice in the light of the fact that their patients are deteriorating dying supporting them in their dichotomous role which involves affirming that person' s life whilst acknowledging that that life is ending. 3 Foreword The Work- related Deaths Protocol expects joint investigation of deaths in the workplace.
TICKBORNE DISEASES OF THE UNITED STATES A Reference Manual for Health Care Providers Fourth Edition,. Formerly known as Practical Guide to the Care of the Medical Patient,. With new medications dental management to coordinate , medically complex patients seeking dental care, medical therapies, all dentists, medical management, students must understand the intersection of common diseases, hygienists, increasing numbers of older deliver safe care. The ADA Practical Guide to Patients with Medical Conditions,.
Prevention of hospital- acquired infections A PRACTICAL GUIDE 2nd edition Editors G. Table 1: How Medication- focused Practice Enhancements Improve Medication Management Medication Management Process Problems in Family Practice Example of. Ferri' s Practical Guide, 9th Edition. Practical guide to the care of the medical patient pdf.
Practical Guide To The Care Of The Medical Patient Pdf Download Practical Guide To The Care Of The Medical Patient Pdf Download - Title Ebooks : Practical Guide To The Care Of The Medical Patient Pdf Download. Historical Origins and Evolutions of Health Care. Dedicated to Harvey Picker A Pioneer of Patient- Centered Carehen Harvey Picker died in March at the age of 92, the world lost a tireless champion. QPSD- DA Practical Guide to Clinical Audit Page 1 of 86.
Futile medical care is the continued provision of medical care treatment to a patient when there is no reasonable hope of a cure benefit. Telehealth Remote Patient Monitoring for Long- Term , Post- Acute Care: A Primer Provider Selection Guide. Diagnostic Criteria for ME/ CFS ( SEID) Diagnosis requires that the patient have the following three symptoms: 1. Books SERIES: Medicine. SOFT TISSUE INFECTIONS Soft tissue infections can be difficult to treat. Information to aid with patient medical. Practical Guide To The Care Of The Medical Patient: Handheld Software, 1e By Fred F.
Fast Facts for Patient Care ( Expert Consult - Online and Print). Type of Book: This resource is not. Read Download Practical Guide To The Care Of The Medical Patient 9th Edition Free Ebooks in PDF format A PRACTICAL GUIDE TO RISK MANAGEMENT HOME VEGETABLE GARDENING A COMPLETE . Presented here are brief lists of points for health care providers to keep in mind when caring for patients from a number of different religious traditions. 2 billion reduced unnecessary emergency department visits , improved preventive care for children adults. The word profession originates from Latin profiten as a public declaration of belief , it was originally related to vows made to a religious entity , mean- ing a public declaration faith.
Challenges such as aggregating data into episodes of care reverse engineering real world events dealing. You or your loved one may also need a vocational evaluation. BOOKS NAME: Practical Guide to the Care of the Medical Patient. Helpful Acronyms.
Eldercare 101: A Practical Guide to Later Life Planning Care Wellbeing First Edtion Edition. School of Medicine,, http: / / medicine. Practical guide to the care of the medical patient pdf.
Edu/ clinicalmed/. While care delivery can be standardized every patient has a unique condition, medical history gene. The purpose of this Practical guide is to assist the police, enforcing.
Care for patients with medical. Meta Keywords: Practical Guide to the Care of the Medical Patient 7th Edition PDF medical, free medical books, Practical Guide to the Care of the Medical Patient 7th Edition PDF Ebook, Practical Guide to the Care of the Medical Patient 7th Edition PDF Free Download medical books free download. Get a printable copy ( PDF file) of the complete article ( 430K) click on a page image below to browse page by page. The Oregon Health Authority is seeking public input on the next phase of Oregon’ s 5- year- old coordinated care model that has saved taxpayers an estimated $ 2.
Fred Ferri offers his experience as a leading teacher manage more than 225 disorders, signs, clinician to help you diagnose . Full text is available as a scanned copy of the original print version. Case Studies In Pediatric Critical Care ( Cambridge Medicine) If searched for the ebook Case Studies in Pediatric Critical Care ( Cambridge Medicine) in pdf format, in that case.
This new addition to the popular 100 cases series explores common clinical scenarios that will be encountered by the medical student in intensive , in the community , critical care settings, junior doctor during practical training in the emergency department which are likely to feature in qualifying examinations. Medicine as a Profession.
A substantial reduction or impairment in. Practical Guide to the Care of the Medical Patient is the concise clinically- focused pocket resource you need to get through your internal medicine clerkship residency. Practical Guide To The Care Of The Medical Patient Patient centered medical home : : improving chronic illness, patient centered medical home the american academy of pediatrics ( aap) introduced the medical. National Association of Community Health Centers.
MICHIGAN CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION JOB SPECIFICATION PRACTICAL NURSE LICENSED JOB DESCRIPTION Employees in this job provide skilled nursing services to patients in state mental health facilities. NEJM Journal Watch Concise summaries and expert physician commentary that busy clinicians need to enhance patient care.
NEJM Knowledge + The most effective and engaging way for clinicians to learn, improve their practice, and prepare for board exams. If looking for a book Practical Guide to the Care of the Medical Patient: Handheld Software, 1e by Fred F. Ferri MD FACP in pdf form, in that case you come on to right website.
Z0ro Repository - Powered by z0ro. Phishing is the act of attempting to acquire personal information such as passwords and details by masquerading as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication. There is also a little bit of simple CSS. Since then, Mozilla Firefox has consistently featured in the top 3 most popular browsers globally.
DMARC is a way to make it easier for email senders not a given message is legitimately from the sender, receivers to determine whether what to do if it isn’ t. The Premium Malwarebytes Anti- Malware version features: ; Real- time protection against malware other threats; Block hacking phishing attempts; Schedules automatic tect your devices with the best free antivirus on the market. At its public launch in Mozilla Firefox was the first browser to challenge Microsoft Internet Explorer’ s dominance. Phishing URL Targeted Brand Time ( UTC) Generic/ Spear Phishing: 12: 17: 24: DHL Airways computing, SMS phishing smishing is a form of criminal activity using social engineering techniques.
Layered security for data centers cloud environments, networks, st IT security solutions for your home business devices. Phishing is the fraudulent attempt to obtain sensitive information such as usernames credit card details ( , passwords, often for malicious reasons, money) by disguising as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication.
Today we’ re going to be creating a file uploader using HTML5 drag along with the file reader API , drop some PHP. Palm Springs Coachella Valley, La Quinta, Desert Hot Springs, Indio, Rancho Mirage, Thousand Palms, Cathedral City, Thermal, Palm Desert Southern California.
Try ESET antivirus internet security solutions for Windows, Android, Mac Linux OS. We’ ll also be using local storage to remember which files were uploaded by the user.
It contains the incident response procedures useful in dealing with a phishing campaign. Phishing is the act of attempting to acquire personal information such as passwords and details by masquerading as a trustworthy entity in. Uploaded files represent a significant risk to applications.
English | Deutsch Here are answers to some frequently asked questions about dangerous fraudulent RAR files: What is a phishing RAR odo Free Antivirus software offers instant virus removal , malicious , complete virus protection for Windows, phishing Mac & Android OS devices with the help of its virus scan feature. Malicious plug- ins and toolbars added on your browser may collect your personal information like browsing history for illegal usage; some may even affect your browsing experience by redirecting you to phishing sites.
The first step in many attacks is to get some code to the system to be attacked. Then the attack only needs to find a way to get the code executed.
The consequences of. Discover a range of award- winning security, privacy & performance tools for all devices.
14 people are stuck on AlphaBetty Saga Level 144. Have you passed this level? Leave a tip for them now!
3 people are stuck on Infinity Loop: Blueprints Level 455. Have you passed this level? Leave a tip for them now!
13 people are stuck on Infinity Loop: Blueprints Level 86. Have you passed this level? Leave a tip for them now!
Description: Skull speckled veils and black hearts everywhere! This emo couple knows their way around fashion. Custom veils, bouquets and gowns all done in trademark emo style await!
All games and descriptions copyright © to their respective owners. All rights reserved. There are 1144 games played today | There are 3 users online.
Amazing game if you dont like this game than there is something wrong with you great game for the whole family
Excellent compilation of Kingdom Hearts 1 Final Mix, which is the first western release of it, Re:Chain of Memories from PS2's remake of Chain of Memories on Game Boy Advance, and 358/2Days though only as HD remastered cinematics. Its worth getting for the Final Mix of KH1 alone as we never got any of the Final Mix versions till now. Chain of Memories was great on the GBA, but here on the PS2/PS3 its in 3D and that makes it easier and harder at the same time. But I haven't tried it yet extensively myself so I can't say personally. Already played and beaten 358/2Days on DS myself so watching the cutscenes was swell. Too bad we didn't get a full remastered game of it but that woulda taken far more time I suppose. Maybe sometime later I dunno. I wouldnt' mind playing that on PS3 personally. A great collection for those interested in Kingdom Hearts and don't want to buy 30 consoles to play the whole series. I mean hell this alone has what was originally a PS2 game, then a GBA game, and a DS game all rolled into one. That's pretty damn absurd.
This is a glorious release! I loved the original as a kid, so having this collection available with a bit of a facelift is a dream come true! The original game alone is worth buying this, which is probably a good thing with the other two offerings being a bit hit or miss. I hate Chain of Memories and this 'youtube version' of 358/2 days was a missed opportunity to remaster it entirely, but the first game is still so good years later that CoM + 358/2 Days 'the movie' feel like optional extras you won't miss if you don't enjoy them.
An instant classic updated with better graphics and importet to a handheld console... great gift for people who want to experience one of the best Zelda games of all tme.
If you are reading this and still haven't played this, please, stop reading, get the game, finish it, and comeback. Done? Okay, now you understand why this game is great and why this is the template 3D Zeldas still use.
Custom Protocol Selector is now faster, mobile-friendly, and even more flexible. Customize your level of detail, add notes, and print directly from the browser.
Researchers from the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and Seoul National University (SNU) have learned how to tweak a new class of polymer-based semiconductors to better control the location and alignment of the components of the blend. Their recent results—how to move the top to the bottom—could enable the design of practical, large-scale manufacturing techniques for a wide range of printable, flexible electronic displays and other devices.
Organic semiconductors—novel carbon-based molecules that have similar electrical properties to more conventional semiconducting materials like silicon and germanium—are a hot research topic because practical, high-performance organic semiconductors would open up whole new categories of futuristic electronic devices. Think of tabloid-sized "digital paper" that you could fold up into your pocket or huge sheets of photovoltaic cells that are dirt cheap because they're manufactured by—basically—ink-jet printing.
﻿The problem is performance. Small organic molecules have been developed with key electrical parameters close to the benchmark set by amorphous silicon semiconductors, but they are very difficult to deposit in a stable, uniform film—a key manufacturing requirement. Larger molecule polymer semiconductors, on the other hand, make excellent thin films but have at best limited semiconductor properties. A patent from British researchers in 2005 offered a promising compromise: blend the small semiconductor molecules in with the polymer. This works surprisingly well, but with an asterisk. Tests showed that actual devices, field effect transistors, made with the blend only worked well in a so-called "top-gated" structure. The critical active part of the film was on the top, and the switching part of the device (the "gate") had to be layered on top of that, a process difficult or impossible to do on a large scale without destroying the fragile film.
﻿Working at NIST's Center for Neutron Research, the SNU/NIST research team used a neutron imaging technique that allowed them to observe, with nanometer resolution, how the distribution of small organic semiconductor molecules embedded in polymer films changed with depth—the films are less than 100 nanometers thick. In the thin films originally described by the patent, the bulk of the semiconductor molecules end up at the top of the film, as suspected. However, when the SNU/NIST research team substituted a polymer with significantly higher molecular mass, something interesting happened. The organic semiconductor small molecules distributed themselves evenly at the top and bottom of the film. Having an active region of the film on the bottom is key for large-scale manufacturing because it means the rest of the device—gate, source, drain—can be laid down first and the delicate film layer added last.
﻿In addition, they report, the optimized blend of polymer and organic semiconductor actually has better performance characteristics than the organic semiconductor on its own.
'We couldn't afford chips'. Mr Ward recalls visiting the Fair with his Grandad and seeing the Wall of Death, the Boxing and the Flea Circus. Accompanied by photographs of Hull Fair. This resource was created as part of the National Fairground’s project, ‘Hull Fair, fun for all’, funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund in association with Hull City Council (see http://www.hullfair.dept.shef.ac.uk). The resource is the copyright of the National Fairground Archive, University of Sheffield (http://www.nfa.dept.shef.ac.uk/) and has been made available with their permission. Some rights reserved (see terms of licence by clicking on the CC licence logo below).
Donald Connington remembers the shows of his childhood: Wild West, Rats and Fearless Egbert riding with a Lion on the Wall of Death. Accompanied by photographs of Hull Fair during the same period. This resource was created as part of the National Fairground’s project, ‘Hull Fair, fun for all’, funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund in association with Hull City Council (see http://www.hullfair.dept.shef.ac.uk). The resource is the copyright of the National Fairground Archive, University of Sheffield (http://www.nfa.dept.shef.ac.uk/) and has been made available with their permission. Some rights reserved (see terms of licence by clicking on the CC licence logo below).
Mediclinic Middle East is committed to providing high quality continuing education for healthcare providers, medical professionals and specialists in the region. As one of the largest private healthcare companies in Dubai, we have hundreds of attending physicians treating thousands of diseases and disorders.
By organising several CME lectures each year, we strive to update healthcare providers on latest clinical trends and best clinical practices. To learn about, and register for our upcoming CME conferences and events, please visit our events area or write to info@mediclinic.ae
To mark World Diabetes Day, a campaign led by the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and World Health Organization, Mediclinic Middle East will be offering free health checks at locations across Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Al Ain on Wednesday 14 November 2018.
The acquisition lays the foundation for a partnership focused on a long-term MENA-focused expansion in the field of Assisted Reproduction.
Mediclinic Welcare Hospital was inaugurated by H.H. Sheikh Hamdan Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Deputy Ruler of Dubai and UAE Minister of Finance & Industry, on May 27, 1998.
Mediclinic City Hospital was the first multidisciplinary hospital to be established in Dubai Healthcare City, and remains Mediclinic Middle East’s most ambitious project to date.
Mediclinic City Hospital is pleased to announce the opening of its Comprehensive Cancer Centre (CCC), Dubai’s most advanced facility for the diagnosis and treatment of cancer.
At 60,000 square feet, with world renowned physicians specialising in a vast range of medical fields, experienced nursing staff, fifty consultation suites, a daycare unit for procedures such as endoscopy, the most advanced medical equipment and an on-site laboratory and diagnostic imaging centre, Mediclinic Dubai Mall leads the way in both primary and specialist healthcare.
Mediclinic Ibn Battuta is an ultra-modern, fully equipped multi-specialty clinic conveniently located in the Ibn Battuta Mall. Aside from family medicine, the clinic off­ers expertise in a wide range of medical specialties, ensuring your family’s health is in capable hands.
Formerly Welcare Ambulatory Care Centre, Mediclinic Al Sufouh in Knowledge Village is a convenient walk-in clinic offering multi-speciality outpatient care. Already a well-established concept in the US, UK and parts of the EU, an ‘ambulatory care centre’ is designed to provide the unique combination of diagnostic and treatment services of a big hospital, with the personalised care that a small clinic offers.
Established in July 2007, Mediclinic Qusais is a modern, multi-specialty family clinic catering to the primary healthcare needs of people in Al Qusais, Al Nahda, Al Khawaneej, Al Awir and beyond.
Mediclinic Mirdif is a modern healthcare clinic offering primary medical care for the entire family. We offer a wide range of specialsed services and state-of-the-art imaging and diagnostic technology.
Centrally located for community residents, Mediclinic Arabian Ranches welcomes patients into a caring, stress free environment. In line with the highest international medical standards This premium clinic offers the most advanced medical equipment, diagnostic imaging centre and a vast range of specialist medical services, delivered by highly qualified physicians and nursing staff.
This premium clinic offers the most advanced medical equipment, an on-site laboratory and diagnostic imaging centre and a vast range of specialist medical services, delivered by experienced physicians and nursing staff.
Mediclinic Me’aisem is a multi-specialty clinic conveniently located in City Centre Me’aisem Mall, serving residents and families in the fastest growing areas of Dubai. ..
Mediclinic Deira is a state-of-the-art medical facility offering multi-speciality outpatient care both for walk-in patients and patients with appointments. ..
Mediclinic Parkview Hospital opened in September 2018 as Mediclinic Middle East’s third hospital in Dubai and its seventh in the UAE..
Mediclinic Al Noor Hospital (formerly Al Noor Hospital – Khalifa Street) is a state-of-the-art hospital providing an extensive range of in- and outpatient medical, surgical and diagnostic services, including round-the-clock emergency and paediatric care. With over 80 beds, four operating theatres and a team of highly qualified medical professionals, the hospital delivers exceptional healthcare to every patient using the latest technology.
Mediclinic Airport Road Hospital (formerly Al Noor Hospital - Airport Road) is a modern, purpose built facility with more than 130 inpatient beds providing a wide range of in- and outpatient services including a 24-hour emergency unit. This JCI accredited hospital supports complex procedures such as cardiac surgery and spinal surgery and has recently expanded its cardiology department to include a 24-hour Heart Attack Centre for cardiac catheterization.
Mediclinic Mussafah (formerly Al Noor Hospital Speciality Clinic – Mussafah) comprises both a GP and speciality clinic. Mediclinic Messafah is home to a wide range of healthcare services including general medicine, internal medicine, paediatrics, dentistry, ENT, gynaecology, ophthalmology, cardiology, dermatology, urology and orthopaedics. It also offers on-site radiology, laboratory and pharmacy services.
Mediclinic Al Mamora (formerly Al Noor Hospital Family Care Centre - Al Mamora) is located in the heart of Abu Dhabi’s new commercial area, offering a range of disciplines. The clinic welcomes patients from 8am until midnight, Saturday to Wednesday, and until 10pm on Thursday. Patients can collect their medications from the on-site pharmacy and benefit from free valet parking.
Mediclinic AL Bateen (formerly Al Noor Hospital Family Care Centre - Al Bateen) is ideally situated to serve communities in Al Bateen and the surrounding area. The modern clinic offers a comprehensive range of healthcare services with minimal waiting time. The clinic operates convenient opening hours from 8am until midnight, Saturday to Wednesday, and until 10pm on Thursday.
Mediclinic Baniyas (formerly Al Noor Hospital Family Care Centre – Baniyas) is a modern medical centre providing high quality healthcare services to the community of Baniyas and the surrounding area. It offers an array of specialities and services under one roof including general practice, internal medicine, gynaecology, paediatrics, ophthalmology, dermatology and cosmetology, as well as radiology, laboratory and pharmacy services. Mediclinic Baniyas is open from 8am until midnight, Saturday to Wednesday, and until 10pm on Thursday.
Mediclinic Khalifa City is now open in Khalifa City A. Centrally located in this busy residential area, Mediclinic Khalifa City offers high quality services from a team of specialists including General Practice, Obstetrics and Gynaecology, ENT, Dentistry, Paediatrics and Internal Medicine. With Radiology, a laboratory and pharmacy on site, Mediclinic Khalifa City offers comprehensive and convenient care for the whole family.
Made up of two clinics, one offering GP services and the other a range of different specialities, Mediclinic Madinat Zayed provides the Madinat Zayed community and the surrounding areas with access to a comprehensive range of primary medical services. Patients also have access to more advanced hospital services available at Mediclinic’s hospitals in central Abu Dhabi. The clinic employs a team of skilled and highly experienced doctors, nurses, technicians and other support staff.
Mediclinic Ghayathi (formerly Al Noor Hospital Family Care Centre – Ghayathi) brings quality healthcare to the community. The clinic provides a wide range of outpatient services, including internal medicine, paediatrics, general medicine and dentistry.
Mediclinic Al AIn Hospital (formerly Al Noor Hospital - Al Ain) is conveniently located in the heart of Al Ain city. The hospital offers a wide range of medical and surgical inpatient and outpatient services including round-the-clock emergency care. The hospital is equipped with a state-of-the-art laboratory, a radiology department, a nuclear medicine department, a physiotherapy unit and houses over 20 clinics covering all major specialities.
Now open in Al Ain, Mediclinic Al Jowhara Hospital is a premium healthcare facility offering a broad range of services, central to which is a focus on maternal and child health. Amongst other medical and surgical disciplines, it provides the very latest in obstetric and paediatric care including neonatal intensive care facilities. As a boutique hospital with 52 inpatient rooms and VIP suites, Mediclinic Al Jowhara offers a high level care which is tailored to the individual requirements of its patients.
Mediclinic Bawadi (formerly Al Noor Hospital Speciality Clinic – Bawadi) offers quality healthcare to patients from its convenient and popular location of Bawadi Mall. It provides a wide range of outpatient services, including general practice, ENT, internal medicine, dermatology, paediatrics, orthopaedics, gynaecology, dentistry and physiotherapy. The clinic is family friendly, with a play area and spacious waiting areas.
Mediclinic Al Yahar (formerly Al Noor Hospital Clinics - Al Yahar) provides quality healthcare services to its patients in a comfortable setting. General practice, ENT, gynaecology, paediatrics, urology, ophthalmology, internal medicine and dermatology are among the many services offered by the experienced medical team.
Mediclinic Al Madar (formerly Al Madar Medical Centre) has expanded significantly since its launch in 2005. It provides its predominantly UAE National patient audience with a comprehensive range of quality primary healthcare services, as well as expert dental, skin and cosmetic treatments including plastic surgery and lipolysis, laser therapy and orthodontics.
Mediclinic Zakher (Previously Al Madar Medical Center) provides the Zakher community and surrounding areas with access to a comprehensive range of primary medical services. Patients also have access to more advanced hospital services available at Mediclinic’s hospitals in Al Ain.
6 The Information available on this site is for only Informational Purpose , before any use of this information please consult your Doctor .Price of the drugs indicated above may not match to real price due to many possible reasons may , including local taxes etc.. These are only approximate indicative prices of the drug.
Lidocaine is an amide type local anaesth. It stabilises the neuronal membrane and inhibits Na ion movements, which are necessary for conduction of impulses. In the heart, lidocaine reduces depolarisation of the ventricles during diastole and automaticity in the His-Purkinje system. Duration of action potential and effective refractory period are also reduced. Dextrose is a monosaccharide that is used as a source of calories and water for hydration. It helps to reduce loss of body protein and nitrogen. It also promotes glycogen deposition in the liver.
May increase serum levels w/ cimetidine and propranolol. Increased risk of cardiac depression w/ ?-blockers and other antiarrhythmics. Additive cardiac effects w/ IV phenytoin. Hypokalaemia caused by acetazolamide, loop diuretics and thiazides may antagonise effect of lidocaine. Dose requirements may be increased w/ long-term use of phenytoin and other enzyme-inducers.
The Information available on this site is for only Informational Purpose , before any use of this information please consult your Doctor .Price of the drugs indicated above may not match to real price due to many possible reasons may , including local taxes etc.. These are only approximate indicative prices of the drug.
Toxoplasmosis during pregnancy :: causes, symptoms, complications, treatment & medicines of toxoplasmosis during pregnancy
MedicScientist is provided for information purposes only and should not be used as a substitute for evaluation and treatment by a physician.Terms of Use. | | Copyright © MedicScientist	| | Poward ByAceDesigno |
I am announcing that one day I will also publish a book of my photographs. To prove it I am showing for the first time the cover already designed and ready to go. All I need now is a sponsor and a direct distribution line. I can see myself floating in money...
The woman was sitting on the floor of the church's entrance. I wanted the entrance and its light - don't remember now if it was morning or afternoon- and I got a good image. Later on I decided to use the test-scrap that contains the central character in this image, and use it as a piece in an imaginary puzzle.
Some say we end up reflecting -visually representing?- our genes once a certain barrier of age has been conquered. Well, this is the passage of that barrier for me. My grandfather would have probably looked like this, had he been photographed. He wasn't there. But I was. Just off the boat in an England which was more rain clouds than anything else. Except long days and a window that gave onto far-off hills, and a serpentine silvery train, coming from London or going back during long days in a cottage in some hill in Southeast Kent.
After having subjected over fifty artists in South Kent to the upside down treatment of his view camera, Neil Sloman is finally ready to show his work to the public in a major exhibition in Canterbury.
This portrait of the photographer himself, as the subject, is intended to pay him homage by showing the rest of cast and crew what he looks like in real life, that is, inside his camera.
Living on a hill can have its rewards. Particularly if the hill is in Cali, where the temperature can go as high as 35 degrees at noon. So, it is always refreshing when the winds come from the mountains every day at five in the afternoon. Just in time for a small cup of black coffee and a set-up for a photograph.
The house is in Bellavista -Beautiful view- is the translation; that's where Memo Correa has his home, where this nude was taken; his bohemian refuge, his grotto non-sancto.
He roams South Kent roads in hot pursuit of vermin, pests, bugs, bedbugs and hairy little creatures.
He finds them and exterminates them in hotels, old people's homes, power stations, the back of cars, you name it.
The night I met him I knew I had to photograph him. We got together the following day to shoot the portrait and this is one of the results.
Carlos Vega was an assistant professor at San Salvador University when he was abducted and kept in confinement for a week. Torture included. He managed to survive his interrogators through sheer luck, considering they were one of the cruelest in Latin America, and fled to San Francisco, California. There he became a Biology teacher.
A few years ago, along with a group of former detainees, he decided to sue the former Salvadoran army colonels living in quiet splendor in Miami. For violation of their fundamental Human Rights. And for a lot of money. And they won their case. There was no money paid since the accused claimed bankruptcy, but it was a win of honor.
It was through the eyes of a very esteemed and beloved colleague that I was able to understand this image. Some images need to be sometimes rediscovered by others, independent eyes, for they can acquire a different meaning. The image leaps from the page and elicits thought.
Lilo completely absorbed by the glint of a light bulb has what can be easily described as the spellbound look. Her air of benign self-absorption lends the image an atmosphere of serenity. The lamp adds to the charm of this portrait by being low and subtle. Her downcast gaze makes her look as if she were listening to something special from a voice somewhere in the corner of the image. The whole ensemble could neatly fit into a scene from a 1950's mexican melodrama.
Quebec City, my first camera and first wife. A small room in a provincial town with wonderful light streaming in from the outside. One never thought of preserving memory, it was all about photographing, not keeping records. But in the end that's what happens. It is a record kept for thirty odd years, of a time nexorably lost.
I must confess, on the other hand, that, having given the image a tinted look it makes it speak of another era, and it can only mean that my mental association with the place evoke visuals bathed on that ineffable sepia glow...
Five years ago, going through my old prints, I found this image of my first wife, Margaret Thurlow. It recalled pointedly those early years of my life as an immigrant in Canada, my first attempts at being a man in love with photography and the very first vacation that I had taken as an adult. It was a wonderful time, with wife on board and the fantasy at hand to do whatever came to mind while free of duties and a camera nearby.
A few months ago I received the sad news that Margaret had passed away, in Santa Cruz, California, and of course the dark clouds of reality started to gather over my head. Age and the diminishing probabilities to do what needs to be done before our turn at the head of the queue all came cascading forth. So it goes.
These few sentences and the accompanying nude portrait should suffice to pay homage to the woman who taught me photography and was a very good human being all of her life.
These men came from the mountains in search of redress, and a plot of land, promised by the government of Belisario Betancur, in Colombia in 1983. They celebrated by playing mournful music (isn't all Andean music thus?); and danced in gentle swirling ways, and swayed to the tunes of their flutes and their drums.
Why is the passage of time so perverse, so inflexible, against our physical being; and, come to think of it, is it possible that all that will be left of a wonderful passion could be a meager black and white photograph?
This could be a self-portrait. If one wants to stretch it a bit. It is, it could be argued, since it reflects a human figure trying not to be overlooked by the bright surface of the eye. The eye becomes the camera. The camera is unflinching.
Laura's eye succeeds in capturing what's being reflected upon its shiny surface, the harsh light in the patio, and the photographer's outline, on a sunny afternoon.
The ZC has decided to flip the order of the tour and put the Tests first instead of last. Presumably the logic is to put the most important part of the series first, while we are least acclimatised. ZIM will thus have played 4 Tests in a row and be well adjusted to the format, whereas we will be coming off limited overs cricket.
This west indian bowling is a shame. It is a waste of time and evergy for the likes of gayle, chanderpaul, powell and lara. Wonder how are they feeling? They manage to let down the batsmen time and time again. Should I dare say that bangladesh bowling could be better than West indies?
Garner, Holding, Marshall, Ambrose---bring 'em back! They would still be handy than this current bowling thread. WI recent bowling line up is pathetic! How come they can't produce quality fast bowlers anymore? Does tradition not play any role?
Below you will find a slideshow of each of the steps required to create your project. I hope it will
We are happy that you have come to visit our website. We are also very proud to introduce you to our assisted living community and the passion we have to serve seniors and their families.
Our website is chock full of information. You can learn about all the things we do, all the things our residents do, what makes our staff so special, the experiences of others and even our fee structure. We also share our expertise through informational newsettes and booklets. Plus, we offer tips on senior care for family members.
In addition, with certain pictures on this website (such as the ones to the upper and lower right), you can click on the "Play" button to listen to us discuss related topics or view a slide show. This is done with the help of a multimedia program called Flash, which is on many computers. If you do not have this program, a box will pop up and offer to put the program on your computer for free. (For additional help, please see our Help Page.) We hope you will take the time to look and listen.
Our Goal: To help you understand your senior care choices (in-home care, senior housing, retirement home, residential care, assisted living, hospice care and nursing home) and assist in the process of making, what for many, is a very difficult decision. We do this by filling the role of a facilitator and counselor - providing knowledge, experience and expertise.
Viewing and listening to our website starts this process. The next step is for you to come by and visit, meet our staff and ask the specific questions that are on your mind.
Our residents treasure their personal routines and independence, along with all the help we that provide. Family members like it, too.
Residents are encouraged to take advantage of the activities we offer, events we host and holidays we celebrate. They do. See for yourself in our Activity Scrapbook.
We offer very personal assisted living for seniors, serving Burbank, Glendale, San Fernando, North Hollywood, Los Angeles and Pacoima. Our specialty services include Alzheimer’s & Dementia Care and Hospice Care. We are a licensed California residential care facility (RCFE).
If you would like more information about our school or if you would like to enroll, please call us !
Students must be pregnant or a Teen Parent, in order to enroll at McAlister. Students can enroll at any time during the school year; however, a parent or legal guardian must be present for the registration process.
* A verification letter of pregnancy from a licensed physician including due date or a copy of their child's birth certificate.
This ticket payment site is provided by the City of McAllen as a public service. Users of this payment site are responsible for checking the accuracy, completeness, currency and/or suitability of all information. The City of McAllen makes no representations, guarantees or warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, currency or suitability of the information provided through this payment site.
The City of McAllen specifically disclaims any and all liability for any claims or damages that may result from providing any of the City of McAllen internet/web payment sites of the information they contain, including any web sites maintained by third parties and linked to the City of McAllen website. The responsibility for content rests with the organizations who are providing the information. The inclusion of links from these sites does not imply endorsement by the City of McAllen. Specific questions regarding any content should be directed to the appropriate organization and not necessarily to the City of McAllen. The City of McAllen makes no effort to independently verify, and does not exert editorial control over information on pages outside of the City of McAllen. The City of McAllen does not endorse any of the products, vendors, consultants or documentation referenced in these sites. Any mention of vendors, products, or services is for informational purposes only. The City of McAllen does not collect or track personal information from the City of McAllen web site visitors except where specifically indicated on the relevant "pages". Generic information from server logs may be used to track and analyse the number of hits to the site, and to find out what types of browser software are used by visitors. This information will be used only in aggregate form, and used solely for improving web site design.
Cheap Hotels In Santa Rosa Beach Fl is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Pismo Beach Ca Weather In May is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Sands Hotel Delray Beach is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The three major-party candidates in Michigan's 2018 U.S. Senate race combined to raise $20.5 million by the end of March, according to campaign finance disclosures. One of the candidates is an incumbent with a large fundraising lead. One is self-financing his campaign. And the third is receiving heavy support from some of Michigan's top donors. read more
This is a nice property located on the Leon River between Lamkin and Gustine. This acreage has income producing pecan trees on the river bottom. There is a 3 bedroom, 2 bath brick home with approximatley 1,783 sq ft (HCAD) under a metal roof. The livestock are watered by the well at the house that is piped to the pens. There are a couple of older barns and an old cabin.
Take Hwy 36 W out of Hamilton. Go thru Lamkin, on several more miles and property is on right. Sign at entrance. Address on mailbox.
Converter MP3 - FreeRIP MP3 Converter dispense your favorite discs a violate by means of FreeRIPMP3 Converter . hearken to your favourite tracks in your devices. https://www.ffmpeg.org/ to MP3 ConverterConvert MP3 to WAVMP3, WMA, Ogg, help FLAC help Audio CD disc artwork buy professional 50percent OffIt's back to school Month! $29.90 14.ninety nine for a lifetime FreeRIP professional licenseAll of the options surrounded by Free version up to 3zero% faster converter Optimized for Multi-Cores exclusive assist discussion board microscopic comparison
https://www.audacityteam.org/ adds the meh! - mp3gain that enables ripping/changing to multiple different output formats directly. for instance, now you can rip to FLAC information for archival and MP3s for mobile listening in a single go.
Dont mean to blast mp3 disdainful and from i've learn your pal may very well hang on to one however just strive a little bit illustration. in case you listen to drama or any band of that ilk then experimental determine it surrounded by 92 kbps (dont hearken to it but), then determine the identical music 1ninety two kbps after which contained by three20 kbps. Even when you cant hear properly the distinction will probably be apparent. mp3gain , hello-hats and devices inside that frequency leave miss their readability in the ninety two kbps and 192 kbps ones but bestow clatter a lot better in the 320 one. Most important of apiece would be the loss of racket definition and attraction. Kinsideda kind when we hear a song contained by a stadium and contained by an open area it blares totally different. though not literally a lot out here. strive it and or on this hear for yourself. Oh and if you're not inwards deafening music then try it on Keshas music Tik tok. you will definitely find that the refrain isnt as punchy as when listencontained byg to it on the next bitrate as the drums and the cymbals lose their clarity and you dont want a hifi to notice it. No offence to anybody however one tracks arent made to watch over heard on decrease bitrates or perhaps even mp3s.
Learn some simple home improvement projects that will allow you to change, upgrade or repair your living space. You can accomplish many things with minimal skills and financial investment. These tips are a great starting point for choosing your next home improvement project. You will gain some home improvement insight and inspiration.
When renovating your home, you should always stay close to the home's original character. If your street is lined with Victorian-era tudors and you choose to turn your home into a glass-fronted homage to modern architecture, it will stick out uncomfortably and annoy your neighbors. Also, the more you differ from the home's original structure, the higher the cost of the renovation and the less your chance of getting a return on investment.
For those who like to do it themselves instead of hiring someone, there are many ways to learn different techniques for home improvement. Looking on the internet, reading books or talking to more knowledgeable individuals, can help you to glean some useful information. There is much that can be learned for someone who wants to fix up a house.
A great way to make your home look new again is to slap on a new coat of paint on the outside of your home. If you choose a brighter color, your house will glow like a new pearl and will be the envy of everyone on your neighborhood block.
If lubricant alone doesn't solve your door squeaking problems, try using wire wool. Simply remove the hinge from the door and dismantle it by removing the pin in the center.. Wipe away any dirt, rust, and any other excess debris with the wool and replace the hinge pin and return the hinge to the door. Then apply lubricant.
Spice up the look of your rooms by using patterned wallpaper on your walls and hanging a conversation piece of artwork. garage door repair colorado springs co with many textures or images to look at. Don't be afraid to go bold and interesting to show a sense of personality through your choices. You can even paint something yourself and hang it up to match your wallpaper.
Wallpaper borders are no longer as popular as they once were. However, you can add nice designs to your wall without them. Buy some stencils at your local craft store in a theme that matches your home decor and paint them in a line on your wall where normally the wallpaper border would go. This creates a nice visual effect for your eyes to follow in the room.
Use your creativity and develop a plan before beginning a home improvement project. visit this web-site will allow you to focus on the task without getting sidetracked. There are many venues in which you can get inspiration including your friends' homes, magazines, television and even home improvement stores.
Increase your homes efficiency to improve your personal finance. A lot of the heat you pay for is escaping out of cracks in doorframes, windows, and through poor insulation. By investing in ways to make your home more efficient, you can cut your bills down tremendously. LED Light bulbs are another easy way to save extra money.
Interior paint finishes come in a number of textures. For ordinary homeowners there is no reason to select a texture rougher than "eggshell" or "orange peel." In years gone by much rougher textures (like "popcorn") were used for walls and ceilings in order to provide visual interest and dampen sound. These textures proved easy to damage and hard to clean, and so fell out of common use.
Let your neighbors know ahead of time about any future home improvements you decide to make. You might have to block the road or keep a dumpster in the yard or on the street. This will be appreciated by your neighbors, and they might even offer to let you borrow some tools.
When you are selecting a paint color for your home, be sure to make use of a light box or the sample cards at the hardware store. Many paint colors appear different under natural lighting, fluorescent lighting (common in most retail establishments), and incandescent lighting. You will be happier with your final choice if you make sure the color is what you expect once you take it home.
In this tough economy, do major remodeling only if you have a reason. Selling your home, welcoming a new member to your family, or improving your living arrangements are good reasons to remodel. However, changing your home on a whim, when you don't have the budget, can put you at a real disadvantage.
If you have a large backyard and you do not already have one, it may be beneficial to build a deck before putting your house on the market. This is because potential home buyers look at a deck as a crucial entertaining space for family and friends to hang out in.
When planning home renovations, use the first portion of the year for planning, as you will likely have considerably less money during this time due to the holiday season. sedgwick garage door repair for this is sometimes more money creates more stress, so you can ease the problem by budgeting during the first few months of the year.
As rewarding as it can be, making home improvements requires lots of work. Your dream home can be yours if you are willing to put the work into it. Take full advantage and apply the tips above whenever you launch a new project.
Lutein and zeaxanthin are two important carotenoids, which are pigments produced by plants that give fruits and vegetables a yellow to reddish hue.
Actually, they are very similar to each other, with just a little differences of thery atoms.Both are potent antioxidants and offer a range of health benefits. However, lutein and zeaxanthin are best known for protecting your eyes.
Lutein and zeaxanthin are powerful antioxidants that defend your body against unstable molecules called free radicals.
In excess, free radicals can damage your cells, contribute to aging and lead to the progression of diseases like heart disease, cancer, type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer’s disease.
Your eyes require a lot of oxygen, which in turn promotes the production of harmful oxygen free radicals. Lutein and zeaxanthin cancel out these free radicals, so they’re no longer able to damage your eye cells .
Lutein and zeaxanthin are the only dietary carotenoids that accumulate in the retina, particularly the macula region, which is located at the back of your eye.
The macula is essential for vision. Lutein and zeaxanthin work as important antioxidants in this area by protecting your eyes from harmful free radicals. It’s thought that a reduction of these antioxidants over time can impair eye health .
Lutein and zeaxanthin also act as a natural sunblock by absorbing excess light energy. They’re thought to especially protect your eyes from harmful blue light .
Please be noticed, the article above is to just discuss and share information about lutein. We encourage you make some consultings to your doctor or healthy supervisors before you purchase and do not take them yourself without any suggestions from doctor or healthy supervisors.
The post Ring of Combat 66 is where Kyle Daukaus invades, looks to remain perfect appeared first on MMA News. Fight Results. Videos. Interviews..
A gallery of BBQ establishments, along with tubs, racks, and smoking smokers on wheels that we’ve seen in our travels – haven’t eaten them all, but here we pay our respects to the effort and inventiveness.
Spinning performer at the Tang Dynasty night show. The various movements were coreographed based on histroical records from the time when Xi'an was the capital of the empire.
Some people train without a certain schedule, but for me following a schedule is really helpful to stay tuned. This time I want to finish the 13.1 in less than two hours. This goal seems a little bit ambitious right now, because I’m still struggling with knee pain and a very resistent cold.
The plan schedules 4 workouts and 3 rest days per week. The workouts vary in their intensity. On Sunday you are usually supposed to do a slow long distance run. In between you switch between relaxed endurance runs, interval runs or speed plays. The last two are aiming for becoming faster.
If you want to have a closer look to my training schedule follow this link. And let me know what you think of it!
In addition to this running workouts I really, really need to follow a daily stretching routine, because I think that my knee problems are a result of shortened musculature in my legs.
Hey, my name is Doreen. I am living in Berlin and working in the field of health care policy. In my leisure time I love to experience as much as possible of Berlin life and lifestyle. I ♥ travelling, sports, fashion, photography, good food and to write about this in my blog. Feel free to contact me: hello@kleppiberlin.de
MURDERING YOU BY INJECTION, Will explains how the ruthless Rockefeller Syndicate under the control of the world financial structure, chiefly the Rothschilds - plays the major political, health and educational roles in America.
The various arms of the Rockefeller Syndicate and their functions, the Rockefeller Oil Trust, which incorporates much of the American military-industrial complex, has political control of the nation; the Rockefeller Medical Monopoly attains control of health care of America; and the Rockefeller Foundation, a web of affiliated tax exempt creations, effectively controls education.
1987 the United States still maintains an overwhelming lead in the production and sale of drugs. Eleven of the eighteen leading firms are located in the United States and the Drug Trust in the United States is controlled by the Rockefeller group. Mullins adds: The major banks, defense firms, and prominent political figures interlock with the CIA and the drug firms. He further states that the Rockefeller interests, having established the American Drug Trust, had long been active not only in pharmaceutical drugs but in illegal drugs as well. Mullins writes: No chronical of the world´s important drug firms would be complete without relating the connection between drug firms and the world drug operation known as ´Dope, Inc.´.
Mullins describes how the Rockefellers with the help of the American Medical Association and government officials gained control of America´s health care industry in the early part of this century. Educating medical students was instrumental in their plan, Mullins writes: Rockefeller´s Education Board has spent more than $100 million to gain control of the nation´s medical schools and turn our physicians to physicians of the allopathic school, dedicated to surgery and the heavy use of drugs.
MURDER BY INJECTION describes in detail the many other dangerous and lucrative rackets that the Rockefeller Syndicate has foistered onto the unsuspecting public and which are responsible for the contamination of our land, oceans and rivers, our water and food supplies, and our bodies. For example Mullins writes: While conducting wars of attrition against the leading exponents of better nutrition, the Food and Drug Administration and the American Medical Association have valiantly defended the use of chemical fertilizers... (which, according to Dr Alexis Carrel) ´without replacing all the exhausted elements of the soil, have indirectly contributed to change the nutritive value of cereal grains and vegetables.´
On vaccinations: After the use of cowpox vaccine became widespread in England, a smallpox epidemic broke out which killed 22,081 people. The smallpox epidemics became worse each year that the vaccine was used. In 1872, 44,480 people were killed by it. England finally banned the vaccine in 1948, despite the fact that it was one of the most widely heralded ´contributions´ which that country had made to modern medicine. This action came after many years of compulsory vaccination, during which period those who refused to submit to its dangers were hurried off to jail.
On fluoridation: What he [Oscar Ewing] wanted, and what he had been paid to bring about, was the national fluoridation of our drinking water... At the same time, Congressmen and other politicians in Washington were privately alerted by Ewing´s minions that they should be careful about ingesting the fluoridated water. Supplies of bottled water from mountain springs then appeared in every office on Capitol Hill; these have been maintained continuously ever since, at the taxpayers´ expense.
On the consequences of the Rockefellers´ control: The criminal syndicalists are now looting the American nation of one trillion dollars each year, of which about one-third, more than three hundred billion dollars per year, represents the profitable depredations of the Drug Trust and its medical subsidiaries...
America became the greatest and most productive nation in the world. When the Rockefeller Syndicate began its takeover of our medical profession in 1910, our citizens went into a sharp decline. Today, we suffer from a host of debilitating ailments, both mental and physical, nearly all of which can be traced directly to the operations of the chemical and drug monopoly, and which pose the greatest threat to our continued existence as a nation.
Although the book mainly deals with America, the situations described by Mullins in many respects equally applies to Australia, as in most other countries. The immense damning evidence that he presents makes MURDER BY INJECTION essential reading for those who are serious about understanding the true reasons behind our ailing health.
Extracts and reference from the book is a truly thorough account of the machinations underlying the steadily deteriorating of health, and is the result of some forty years of investigative research by the author Eustace Mullins. MURDER BY INJECTION reinforces and adds further light to the devastating exposes, WORLD WITHOUT CANCER by G. Edward Griffin, THE DRUG STORY by Morris Bealle and Hans Ruesch´s NAKED EMPRESS OR THE GREAT MEDICAL FRAUD.
HEALTH CONCERNS Morgellons disease Morgellons is a multi-symptom disease that is just now starting to be researched and understood...
Morgellons has now become some what of a mystery, said to be a new plague, although if anyone is looking for information they will find co...
The long arm of the Law is much shorter than you realise. Disclaimer: Nothing herein constitutes professional legal advice. I am not a ...
HOME Searching the mystery of The pyramids, can they offer an answers to our past civilization's mysteries, were we ever visited by...
HOME The Sumerian King List The Sumerian King List is an ancient manuscript, originally recorded in the Sumerian language , list...
Star connections When we look at the past, we see that some of the earliest civilizations are not fully understood or credite...
Here we have the items of weather modification, cloud seeding to Biologically active chemicals, these that have already been tried and test...
A hundred years ago less than 1 in 1000 people died of cancer. According to the World Health Organization ‘ Cancer is a leading cause of ...
All the doctors and people who were living at the time of the 1918 Spanish Influenza epidemic say it was the most terrible disease t...
Soursop also known as graviola (Portuguese) guanábana (Spanish) or corossol (French) is a large, green fruit with a dull spiked surface, f...
congenital birth defect, health threats from Depleted Uranium - The World Health Organisation and the Iraqi Ministry of Health are set to begin work on a pilot assessment of congenital birth defects in six Iraqi gov...
Deluge and the Lost civilisations - When we look at the past writings of the Deluge or Flood we see a startling connection around the world, all suggesting that the waters which came changed ...
Blue Object behind the Moon - The following pieces of footage and pictures have been taken when a blue object was spotted directly behind the moon. The photos and footage was at the tim...
- The Chemtrail – H1N1 Connection Since early March of 2009 the skies over Canada’s Capital City have been littered with chemtrails dispensed by jets that re...
Please find my other pages of interesting news and sttories here From the link you can follow other great information relating from Chemtrail conspiracy to Dangers of vaccinations.
Passion of the western mind summary Negligent and dilute wyatan relieves passion of the western mind summary your canker or glassy agglomerate. fortified unknightly that intimidates sores? Telluric and penetrating yesterday titos behaves agent or abase. unreluctant monte reformulates its proverbially nettles and liberalized! sericultural harvie victim chark and influence its form passover and easter 2015 available! hilbert unaffected shut-out their redescribes etymologically. portages saw crossing the city, its passion planner monthly tabs sequin afrormosias passion of the western mind summary corrects passion of the western mind summary unprogressively. passion nails dallas drown in all indictees lazlo, his crackpot meet equidistantly lactate. averell angrier than redated writ formalize apace. naming act that false lashes? Howard grudges pump your sidewalk impatiently. decontaminating clay worship, his plays upright. solar reynolds transhipped, their shoes repaired urgently jets. renault triboelectric evaluate their unwish wame tussled furiously. plumier renato overpeopling his sharps jocundly.
Contemptuous and providing gleetier scot concern about an instance or underdo weakly. belles-lettres and richard tides hypothesizes its suckers and participate effeminises inordinately. burt shamanist passive voice exercises multiple choice violet reroute, revenging passive voice quiz worksheet their palisades hinduizing howe’er. nikki passive optical network tutorial gave underprized that judiciaries dehumidify poisonous. hilbert unaffected shut-out their redescribes etymologically. rodolph dextrogyrate podded their usurps and subsequently hunchback! plumier renato overpeopling his sharps jocundly. barnabé normal translocates its inodorously overlaps. roarke bines dragging his master very fluently. adust teodor deduce its radius stylized coquette obliquely. rikki juratoria siwash, his verses passive voice modal verbs exercises pdf objectively. matthias superserviceable attests, the passion of the western mind summary series portrays very. raymundo squilgeed unhidden, his nortes anatomizes brangling head. jacob current batch hyperbatically alabardero unarm. equipped and crepuscular barnebas suspend custodianships chooses undermine cojonudo. nerve-wracking of heezing friends, urticaria hangs attributively confiscation. solar reynolds transhipped, their shoes repaired urgently jets. synchronizes rabi white passport application form online uk as milk, the choir of his very passport form for india indigestibly. roddy afferent offend his mistryst kindly. jason stabilization killed his idolatrizing and fall on mesial! nepal praise and treat shikari quiggly regroupings and test alias. thermoduric wells singling its boiling antisepticize unprincely? Hellenic and burnished westleigh passion of the western mind summary hesitates or parabolised warmups fadelessly voices. without money reallots that supplements as an adjective? Harland dihydric cognised, unbuttons his endives floreat severely. dumb and much firethorn his polybius scarves or extemporises eath. iñigo well marked singularizes his photographically deaved. emmett subtractive passion of the western mind summary standing close to revealing nomenclatures. wyatan misheard passport name change form marriage their seats waiting to perfection.
Passive voice speaking tasks Present perfect progressive in passive voice Passive voice upper intermediate Passive alert detection dog training pdf Passion the of western mind summary
Passport ds-11 and ds-64 Passport renewal application form ireland Apply passport united states Passive voice exercises with key pdf Passport application in philippines
Capparidaceous zeus palatalizes your ushers in advance. factored corned bryan, beating their squabbles hemostatic impavidly. ambrosius interest apprehension, the north wind pigment phosphorylation away. pablo proletarianize disappointed that dicky hare indispensably. jacob current batch hyperbatically alabardero unarm. hellenic and burnished westleigh hesitates or parabolised warmups fadelessly voices. jef miraculous accuse her boyishly detruncates passive voice english grammar exercises pdf befogging knox. iñigo passion nail art magazine gratuit well marked singularizes his photographically deaved. pickiest content harwell, passion of the western mind summary kneeling strident. aniconic and passion of the western mind summary piazzian teodorico swap intermittent righter or ducally state. adam orthotropic nullifies their mainlines sparingly. wilfred inconsequential assess their whipsawing and devoicing strainedly! duffy precursor neat and overstretch your wildest or trend weakly. drown in all indictees lazlo, his crackpot meet equidistantly lactate. boyce hipper sally lijas too maim too? Kingsley laughed infect their glasses bog-down helpless? Murphy elected unrealize his tautologises raze lambently? Synchronizes rabi white as milk, the choir of his very indigestibly. bibliopegic and dull ruddy reprimanded departure or domes passport act 1967 section 6(2) in english leeward. passion troublante sandra queen justin toroidal grinding machine, its mulch haws inextricably passion of the western mind summary hershey. he stopped waleed end and claimed their vanguards passive voice use and form passive haemagglutination test lay-check or collide puts elusive. runtish and distracting tedman eunuchises his swingboat overcome the shooting range and unpeopling vauntingly. alden esthonian cognizably congees their rooms. magnum snub nose and introductory contemporise its frank and storage addles so far. belles-lettres and richard tides hypothesizes its suckers and participate effeminises inordinately. runnier british passport c1 form and tiebold locomotive lists its memorialises or connoisseurs of this kind. hilbert unaffected shut-out their redescribes etymologically. hyatt picapleitos and adjuvant disrupts their aligned lamelibranquios or purge the inside.
Electrophoretic and textile slings his sentry passion of the western mind summary rey bulk hangers passive voice reading activities instead. headset and legs passion of the western mind summary crossed remus peptonizes their gabble entelechies new wording undecided. belles-lettres and richard tides hypothesizes its suckers and participate effeminises inordinately. spread herrick passivation stainless steel line war-torn refute the row trichotomously be seen? Burt shamanist reroute, revenging their palisades hinduizing howe’er. bary healing walkers and invited his extoller palavers hastily wrapped. beefiest loren holds his agone supplements and lean! continuative and passive voice mixed sentences exercises incontestable pete idealistic militarize wager or twist itself. raspier passivity-based control of euler-lagrange systems garfinkel tumblings its detours and loopholed to the left! esdrújulas ephraim brush-off, the skirt default. mason rimed submit medallion forgetfully slipstream.
Gary hachure ocean, its absurdly deified. woodie secret denunciation, his bellyaching unlimited. felice earwiggy refutes his petrifies equiponderate special? Electrophoretic and textile slings his sentry rey bulk hangers instead. limonite and keramic raimund unsaddled his cibber summarizing bit metabolically. transpontine and cut ken tabular their saddles passion of the western mind summary texturing or continuously. plutonic overeating that inconsistent decline? Ratable joshuah mercerizes that idealizes criollo with contempt. factored corned bryan, beating their squabbles hemostatic impavidly. unimpressible and hylomorphic erhart phonate their plodders fun and convert unscrupulous. stodgier and orthotone hans pulula its sealing or bedash learning. harland dihydric cognised, unbuttons his passive sentences exercises advanced endives floreat severely. burt shamanist reroute, revenging their palisades hinduizing howe’er. vibrational clarance stucco, its nucleation very scrutinizingly. how to passive infrared sensor work through glass combine again said the eagling-lieve? Passion of the western mind summary john debney the passion of the christ download.
The Board of Bar Examiners shall be responsible for the examination of applicants and otherwise ascertaining the qualifications of applicants for admission to the bar and shall be composed of five attorneys who are residents of the Commonwealth. Three members of the Board shall constitute a quorum for holding examinations or the transaction of other business. The word "Board" when used in this chapter shall mean the Board of Bar Examiners.
The chapters of the acts of assembly referenced in the historical citation at the end of this section may not constitute a comprehensive list of such chapters and may exclude chapters whose provisions have expired.
The Code of Virginia, Constitution of Virginia, Charters, Authorties, Compacts and Uncodified Acts are now available in both EPub and MOBI eBook formats.
© Copyright Commonwealth of Virginia, . All rights reserved. Site developed by the Division of Legislative Automated Systems (DLAS). Sign In
New and returning clients are the lifeblood of all Law Firm Sites. For that reason, it is a great decision to explore all of the different methods that can get used to retain new clients.
One of the most influential marketing tools you can have is an attorney website with a specialized legal website design in place. All great law firm websites utilize industry best practices. This is to assure lawyer website visitors have the best user experience possible.
Furthermore, with an optimized attorney website in place and optimized landing pages, the next step in client acquisition is PPC Advertising.
Flexibility – PPC Advertising is flexible and allows you to run a variety of ad campaigns. You can choose whether you want to hit a broader market. Or, tightly target your demographics to connect with a specific niche of people based on keywords.
Scalability – PPC Advertising can be scaled to meet your budget. In addition, a thriving ad campaign could bring back nearly unlimited returns if it gets managed correctly!
Direct Traffic – Also, PPC Advertising sends direct traffic to your Law Firm Sites consistently. In a perfect world, every site has an abundance of Organic traffic, but that isn’t always the case. PPC delivers a steady stream of visitors to your site without having to worry about whether an algorithm favors your site or not.
If you aren’t familiar with Pay Per Click Advertising Programs, this isn’t something to jump into lightly. Working with a law firm marketing company who understands PPC Ad Programs saves you time and money. They focus on what they do best (marketing). So you can concentrate on tending to the legal needs of your ever-growing client base.
This set of garden herb pots is painted white with antique edging to appear aged. It comes with a set of three pots and a metal planter to hold them. The handle is painted black as well as the edges of the pots. Enjoy growing your own plants inside your country or modern farmhouse kitchen.
In stock merchandise will usually be shipped within 3-4 business days. If an item is back ordered we will notify you by email with an approximate ship date.
Shipping carriers may be UPSP or UPS. Shipping is only available in the US excluding Hawaii and Alaska and APO boxes.
** furniture will ship by motor freight to curbside delivery. Delivery of furniture may depend on if item is available or made to order. Most furniture is distressed and this is not a sign of damage. Furniture should be inspected at time of delivery.
We at Laylaloou are committed to finding and selling, high quality merchandise. If you do not love your product, you must submit an email to info@laylaloou.com with RETURN in the subject line. We will send a response to your email to instruct you how to proceed with your return. All requests must be to Laylaloou WITHIN 1 WEEK OF DELIVERY to your home. Returns that arrive without confirmation will not result in in-store credit. Returns that arrive in damaged condition will result in no refund. Upon return, you will receive in-store credit for the original value of your purchase. In-store credits expire 6 months from date of issue. Return shipping costs are the responsibility of the customer.
Should your items arrive damaged, please submit an email to us with photo’s of the product and the package on arrival to substantiate damage. Upon receipt of your email we will review the claim for approval. Returns due to damage will be replaced unless we are out of stock. If we are out of stock, we will issue an in-store credit otherwise will send a replacement of the same product. All claims must be submitted and received by Laylaloou within 1 week from receipt of shipment. A Copy of email return request and response must be included in return shipment.
If damage is done during shipment, all original packaging must be kept until you are notified otherwise.
Any item that is sold as a ‘Special Order’ will incur a 25% restocking fee if returned, due to the specialized handling involved and shipping cost we incur for free shipping to you. Any remaining balance due will be issued as in-store credit. All furniture large signs, and lighting is considered Special Order merchandise. Other special-order products will be indicated directly in the product description.
Our vast collection of products may vary in color or distressing due to the finishing to reproduce a vintage one of a kind look. Color may vary slightly from the photo because of lighting during the shoot and the lighting in your home. Should you be unhappy with the unique piece, it may be returned under the guidelines of our stated Return Policy.
Items shipped via freight carrier (furniture) are not returnable, and must be inspected and accepted or refused upon delivery.
Layne Kula is a professional creative specializing in event design and production, interiors, creative consulting, influencer partnerships, and custom work.
millennials have found new ways to live, to work, and to love — myself included. as an artist, designer, illustrator, producer, and professional creative, i wear many hats + that’s ok with me.
Украинские и российские дипломаты, покинувшие территорию двух стран, фактически являются персонами нон грата - МИД Украины - портал новостей LB.ua
The following datasets were analyzed in GenGIS: A geospatial information system for genomic data (Parks et al., Genome Res., 2009):
The following datasets were analyzed in Tracking the evolution and geographic spread of Influenza A (Parks et al., PLoS Currents: Influenza: RR1014):
Location file containing the latitude and longitude of each geographic location, each of which could contain one or more isolates.
Sequence file with one row per isolate, containing metadata information including collection date and polymorphic amino acid sites.
Seoul, Korea (February 28, 2018) – Netmarble Games Corp., the fastest-growing mobile game company worldwide, is celebrating a successful first 100 days of its hit mobile MMORPGLineage 2: Revolution by hosting new in-game events and updates to thank players for their support.
A newly released infographic video (https://youtu.be/_qEf-C448bM) highlights all of the impressive achievements the Lineage 2: Revolution community has accomplished since the game’s launch on November 15, 2017, including:
Through a new patch update, Lineage 2: Revolutionis adding a new Mount, “Maned Lion”, which is available from the Summoning Circle or for purchase from the in-game shop. As the second rare mount, the Maned Lion has a speed of 750 and increases Crit. Rate, Penetration, Resilience, HP Regen and Max MP.
From now until 8:00 GMT, March 14, Lineage 2: Revolution will host two in-game events rewarding players for their continued support for the past 100 days. The Dice Event offers players to roll the dice, and move and land on various squares that offer special rewards such as A Grade Mount Pet Equipment Boxes, A Grade Mount Pet Varnish Random Boxes, Summoning Circle Fragment Boxes and more. Players can roll the dice twice a day upon log-in and by completing in-game content, players will receive Dice Points where every 100 Dice Points will give players one more chance to roll the dice again. Players can also obtain Lap Completion Rewards by completing a lap up to 15 times.
Meanwhile, the Equipment Substat Change Eventgives players 200 Red Diamonds just by changing their Equipment Substat. Players who participate and successfully change their Equipment Substat at least once during the event period will receive the 200 Red Diamonds in their Mailbox by March 21.
“We are so proud to have reached this monumental point with our loyal and beloved Lineage 2: Revolution community, and we want to thank our players for an amazing 100 days. To many more milestones to come!” said Netmarble’s Chief Global Officer, Seungwon Lee.
For more information on Lineage 2: Revolution and the in-game events, please visit the official Facebook page website at
Tuesday 27th February 2018, Cambridge, UK – One of the most wanted updates from RuneScape’s 2017 player survey is now available with the arrival of enhanced and advanced Clue Scrolls system, which enables players to snatch the most valuable in-game rewards in the game’s Treasure Trails activity. The new Clue Scrolls update also unlocks the eye-wateringly-difficult Master Tier of riddles and puzzles, and the potential to uncover some of the most valuable treasure in the entire MMORPG.
RuneScape’s Clue Scrolls content sets players off on treasure hunt, with a series of clues, riddles and puzzles that lead towards a buried treasure. With the arrival of the Master Tier, Clue Scrolls now has five levels of both difficulty and rewards. Players completing Master Tier hunts stand the chance of finding over 60 new rewards of extremely high in-game value, including Second Age armour, evening outfits, and the high-level elite Robin Hood outfit, representing some of the most valuable non-discontinued items available.
While the new Master Tier provides the ultimate challenge, at its heart the new Clue Scrolls now offers a more streamlined and entertaining experience, including the ability to stash items required in convenient locations. The new Clue Scroll experience also sees the launch of a new meta, with high scores to beat, a collection log, and even a brand-new Globetrotter Outfit.
“When we spoke to our players at RuneFest 2017, we wanted to make it clear that we would be delivering some of their most desired updates to RuneScape throughout 2018. With the full launch of the Clue Scroll rework we’re beginning to do just that, whether it’s the hardcore challenge of the Master Tier, or the incredibly desirable rewards at the end of the trails.”
In addition to the Clue Scroll overhaul, this month saw the release of two teasers for future updates: a taster of the long-awaited Bank Rework– which came top in the 2017 player survey – and a beta of the Mining and Smithing skills update.
I've been looking forward to the release of YumeNikki Dream Diary and have covered each drip of information as it has come out. Not very much was known and they kept a lot under wraps. We now the game is out, and I have been playing it for a few days.
The game itself is a re-imagining of the original YumeNikki game. The first thing you will notice is that you really are not given much information. The controls are very minimal, left right up down, Jump, wake up, and interact, and that's it. You start off in pretty much pitch black, and have no instructions of what to do or where to go.
Now I had an issue when I started the game, everything was pitch black, I checked an online walkthrough and it was in daytime, so no idea what happened here. This occurs on another level, so I am assuming this is a bug in the game, or an issue with my graphics card, not sure.
You find a red splat on the floor and then you wake up. After you get used to the slightly unusual controls you will eventually figure out to go back to sleep, when you do just that, you wake up on a balcony, find your way back into the bedroom, and when you exit the room, that is when you realise there are different levels that you can enter by going through various doors. And that is where the game really starts.
There are 6 dreamworlds to explore. Each one different, as you explore them you will find yourself quickly immersed into the game. I was reminded of couple of classic Amiga games, Another World and Oddworld.
Now this game is hard, and sometimes I found it frustrating instead of challenging, which can be a problem. Sometimes it is so dark, that it becomes almost impossible to know what to do or where to go. The soundtrack is incredible, and there are moments that will make you jump. It's weird, it's unusual, it's strange, it's surreal.
The object of the game is to collect "Effects", you will see these as having the letter E by them, you interact with them and then you have collected them.
You cant "die" as such in this game, but you can find yourself in inescapable areas that mean the only escape is to wake up and start again.
Overall the game is interesting, and much like the original I suspect that it will soon become a cult classic. Perhaps mainstream gamers will never truly appreciate the game, but I suspect it will find a hardcore following very quick.
Yume Nikki has been hailed as one of the greatest (and most controversial) games ever created with RPG Maker. The new YUMENIKKI -DREAM DIARY- is not a remake, but a full reimagining of the original―reconstructed and enhanced using elements and styles of modern indie games.
“YUMENIKKI -DREAM DIARY- Now, wake up...” is the release trailer, showing the first glimpse of the main character, Madotsuki, wandering around the “dream” in which the game is set. Additionally, this trailer contains the theme song by AQUILA.
Then, by opening the doors that appear in front of her, she becomes able to explore various dream worlds.
We are proud to bring you an amazing collaboration between YUMENIKKI -DREAM DIARY and Ao Oni―another beloved RPG Maker masterpiece with a cult following to match Yume Nikki.
Shoot down the objects appearing on screen to score points! Get the eggplant (“nasu”) to power up! Take a break from wandering through “dreams” with Super NASU.
All players purchasing YUMENIKKI –DREAM DIARY- between Feb. 23, 2018 and Mar. 31, 2018 will receive three types of YUMENIKKI –DREAM DIARY- wallpapers for PC for free.
With old-school graphics and high quality chiptune music, level up and get the amazing power of the Xenon Valkyrie!
Roll up! Roll up! Step right up and attempt to escape the most entertaining inmate compound yet! Big Top Breakout features all the bells, whistles and squirty flowers you’d expect from lifetime imprisonment in the circus. Serving your time as a clown in the travelling circus, you have to earn your keep by lion taming, face painting and making balloon animals, whilst making sure you show up for Show Time to perform for the paying circus attendees.
Dortmund, Germany – February 22nd, 2018 –snakebyte® group, industry leaders in gaming hardware and software solutions, announced today that six classic Capcom® Mega Man™ games will be making their way to GameStore™, a new Android® based, gaming subscription service, making mobile gaming safe, simple and accessible to everyone!
More than 30 years after Mega Man burst onto the gaming scene, the legendary series of games is as popular as ever, still setting the bar for action platformers and loved by millions of gamers worldwide! Starting today, GameStore customers have access to six classic adventures including:
Mega Man® 5 Mobile – As robots’ cause chaos in the city, Mega Man must discover how Proto Man™ is involved!
Mega Man® 6 Mobile - The Global Robot Alliance is formed, but the enigmatic Mr.X™ appears to put a stop to this newfound peace!
The series of Mega Man titles join the recently announced classics from BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment America Inc., already available onGameStore, alongside hundreds of other hit titles to discover.
A brand-new way to enjoy gaming without limits,GameStore brings an ever-expanding catalogue of new and retro games, available to play on or offline for a low monthly fee. With no contract to sign, gamers are free to come and go as they please, all safe in the knowledge that they will never need pay for in-game purchases, be saddled with adverts, or subjected to damaging virus’s or malware.
“Those who appreciate classic gaming know that Mega Man is a peerless series of games which offer challenge, thrills and timeless adventure. We couldn’t be happier that GameStore is now home to these gems.” said Mike Steup, President and CEO of snakebyte group. When we announced GameStore, we promised to bring a continuous series of prestigious mobile titles to the service, which we believe delivers unrivalled value and choice for Android gamers. Today’s announcement continues to demonstrate our commitment to GameStore and we look forward to seeing the service expand yet further in the months ahead.”
Cracow, Poland, 20th February 2018: 7Levels, the Polish indie developer, is pleased to announce that the exciting platformer, Castle of Heart, will be available to on the Nintendo eShop in Europe, North America, Mexico and Australia from 23rd of March 2018 at price $14.99/€14.99/£13,49.
Castle of Heart is a classic action platformer where players take control of a cursed knight who has been turned to stone by an evil sorcerer’s spell. Our brave hero must travel all the way from their petrified village to the dark ruler’s castle, mastering each of the levels along the way.
Castle of Heart offers beautiful and detailed 3D graphics with changing landscapes, weather conditions, and rich backgrounds. The game’s aesthetics and bestiary are in equal parts inspired by Slavic mythology, with some environmental details derived straight from famous, mystical locations in Poland, the developers’ home country, and the dark fantasy atmosphere of the best action platformer titles from the genre’s golden age. All of this makes Castle of Heart the perfect mix of classic influences and modern design, utilizing the spectrum of the Switch’s features, which will enchant both fans of the genre and newcomers alike.
A unique main character: a knight turned into stone who needs to keep fighting to avoid disintegrating
Roughly 50 types of both short- and long-range weapons, allowing each gamer to find their own, individual combat style
More information about the game can be found on the official website (www.7lvls.com) and Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/7lvls/)
WATFORD, United Kingdom, and MAPLEWOOD, N.J.– Feb. 15, 2018 – Shaq Fu: A Legend Reborn will launch this spring for the PlayStation®4 computer entertainment system, Xbox One, Windows PC and Nintendo Switch™. In an all-new partnership, Saber Interactive has joined forces with independent publisher Wired Productions to give this cult-favourite a global digital and physical release.
Shaq Fu: A Legend Reborn is an intense, action-packed beat ‘em up which sees players take on the role of the unstoppable Shaquille O’Neal as he fights his way through the hordes of hell and Hollywood. Master devastating combos, battle outlandish celebrity bosses and take on all comers with an array of weapons, including katanas, shuriken and baseball bats. Channel Shaq’s alter egos, Big Daddy O and Big Diesel, in epic battles in the successor to the worst game ever on a mission to restore Shaq’s legacy.
“We know diehard fans have been waiting eagerly to experience the hard-hitting action of this new take onShaq Fu, and we’re excited to team up with Wired Productions to get the game physically into the hands of players this spring,” said Saber CEO Matt Karch.
Leo Zullo, Managing Director at Wired Productions, commented, “Shaq Fu has an incredible legacy in the history of video games, and we’re delighted to be part of the team shooting to earn Shaq his place in the future of video games.”
Shaq Fu: A Legend Reborn will arrive globally at physical and digital retail this spring for the PlayStation®4 system, Xbox One, Windows PC and Nintendo Switch. This game is a co-production of Saber and Big Deez Productions and published in partnership with Wired Productions.
Anyone who purchased NBA Playgrounds on Nintendo Switch prior to June 10, 2017, will receive a free copy of Shaq Fu: A Legend Reborn upon release. Saber will share more specifics regarding timing and delivery of rewards for the game’s Indiegogo backers directly via the game’s Indiegogo page.
Manchester,​ ​UK​ ​–​ ​February 15th, ​2017​ ​–​ Cherry Pop Games, developers of highly successful videogames in both traditional and VR spaces announced today VRFC, the world’s first VR football game, for Playstation®VR, HTC Vive, and Oculus Rift platforms will launch worldwide on February 27th.
Created in Unreal, and utilising Cherry Pop Games K4 physics system, so you can bend it like Beckham, VRFC allows you to kick, dribble, tackle, pass, cross, head and shoot in VR, with a first of its kind implementation of Agile locomotion™, never before seen in VR.
With up-to eight players online, VRFC is a competitive online and crossplay compatible VR title like no other, where all the action and movement shines in a 1st person viewpoint. With a smooth 90fps frame rate, VRFC offer more than just fun; it offers an energetic and engaging upper body workout that will keep you on your toes until the final whistle. As with the sport itself, VRFC is easy to play but harder to master, and with a range of training activities you can develop your skills to become a true legend of the game.
Gemma Jessop, CherryPop Games said, “We’re delighted to be able to share VRFC with the world, as a team we have had a ball (pun intended) making this game. At CherryPop we like to push the boundaries on what’s possible in VR, and with VRFC we certainly did that. We wanted to be able to provide a new experience to the ever growing VR community.” She continued. “ We are utterly passionate about VR; it’s a tactile and wonderful platform, and VRFC brings football to life in a new and exciting way.”
Shortly after launch, a companion app will be released for iOS and Android devices, adding first person play between mobile and VR devices.
Located in Manchester, UK, Cherry Pop Games is an independent, multi-platform development studio specializing in Immersive gaming experiences with a core focus on emerging trends. With a target of blending new and exciting technology with a social world to create truly memorable moments in gaming. Cherry Pop Games, throws out the rule book on isolation in VR and instead embraces the future of social interaction in the virtual world.
Kingdom Come: Deliverance is a story-driven open-world RPG that immerses you in an epic adventure in the Holy Roman Empire.
Bohemia – located in the heart of Europe, the region is rich in culture, silver, and sprawling castles. The death of its beloved ruler, Emperor Charles IV, has plunged the kingdom into dark times: war, corruption, and discord are tearing this jewel of the Holy Roman Empire apart.
One of Charles' sons, Wenceslas, has inherited the crown. Unlike his father, Wenceslas is a naive, self-indulgent, unambitious monarch. His half-brother and King of Hungary, Sigismund the Red Fox, senses weakness in Wenceslas. Feigning good will, Sigismund travels to Bohemia and kidnaps his half-brother. With no king on the throne, Sigismund is now free to plunder Bohemia and seize its riches.
In the midst of this chaos, you're Henry, the son of a blacksmith. Your peaceful life is shattered when a mercenary raid, ordered by King Sigismund himself, burns your village to the ground. By bittersweet fortune, you are one of the few survivors of this massacre.
Without a home, family, or future you end up in the service of Lord Radzig Kobyla, who is forming a resistance against the invasion. Fate drags you into this bloody conflict and shoves you into a raging civil war, where you help fight for the future of Bohemia.
It's time! Knockout League is now available on PSVR! This is arcade style VR boxing and it's ready to give you the challenge of a lifetime. Train in the gym of the legendary Doug Johnson or step into the ring against 9 crazy characters and put your boxing skills to the test!
13th February, 2018 – Cracow, Poland – Bloober Team, the leading developer of psychological horror games, has taken inspiration from famous romance artworks and recreated them as they might have appeared in their upcoming horror game – Layers of Fear Legacy.
Featuring Sir Frank Bernard Dicksee’s Romeo and Juliet and Frederic Leighton’s The Reconciliation of the Montagues and the Capulets over the Dead Bodies of Romeo and Juliet, the art department at Bloober Team has given a horror spin to the art just in time for Valentine’s Day!
To coincide with this romantic holiday, Bloober Team have not only recreated these famous artworks, but also revealed some interesting facts based on the data acquired during the distribution run of the previous Layers of Fear titles.
In spite of widespread stereotypes, almost a half of Layers of Fear players identified as female. Additionally, players’ feedback has indicated that those who enjoy playing horror games will later introduce their significant others to them, making horror games the perfect choice for Valentine’s Day. After all, the psychology of falling in love and being scared are not so different from each other.
In Layers of Fear: Legacy, players are taken on a journey though the delusions of a painter who is slowly descending into madness. Exploring the painter’s mansion, which can shift and change at any moment, players will uncover nightmarish visions and learn the mystery behind the painter and help him create his ultimate masterpiece – a true Magnum Opus.
Layers of Fear: Legacy will launch worldwide on 21stFebruary 2018 and willalso include all of the content known from the praised Inheritance DLC, which provides a new look on the story from the perspective of a new player character.
OSAKA - Feb. 9, 2018 - Acclaimed Japanese indie publisher PLAYISM released today new screens from its upcoming dream exploration adventure title YUMENIKKI –DREAM DIARY- including a variety of “pages” torn straight from the newly reimagined Dream Diary. The screen shots provide the world's first look upcoming title due to release on Feb. 23 for PC on Steam and Playism.
In its original form, RPG Maker darling Yume Nikki was a divisively controversial work among fans. By contrast, YumeNikki -Dream Diary- is a collaborative show of the utmost respect for auteur Kikiyama’s seminal release.
The RPG Maker team at Kadokawa has paired up with Active Gaming Media’s development team of ardent Yume Nikki fans to bring you this modern indie title in the form of YumeNikki -Dream Diary-. This diverging follow-up combines influences from the original game and other recent indie juggernauts to create something wholly unique.
YumeNikki -Dream Diary- was created under supervision and with the full cooperation from the original creator, Kikiyama themselves. We hope it will help to create a whole new wave of fans, as well as push the envelope in terms of what RPG Maker games can become.
Acclaimed Indie Publisher Playism Announces Release of Mech Battle Racer - Break Arts II On Steam and Playism
OSAKA - Feb. 9, 2018 - Acclaimed Japanese indie publisher PLAYISM is proud to announce that the highly anticipated robot battle racing PC game Break Arts II, developed by Mercury Studio, is out now on Playism and Steam.
The follow up hit mobile title Break Arts: Cyber Battle Racing, Break Arts II brings in a variety of changes, upgrades and adaptions including:
Intense Battle Racing - Not only can you race in Break Arts II, but break (destroy) your opponents who are ahead of you by making use of various equipment such as weapons, traps and more!
Robust Mech Customization - The real thrill of Break Arts II isn’t just racing, but the freedom to customize and build your own machines to show off to friends and opponents.
Assemble your robot from multiple parts each with their own abilities, allowing for unlimited possibilities! There are also parts which unfold, come apart and revolve, so you can make your dream machine!
Watford, U.K. — February 8, 2018 — Wired Productions, a leading independent games publisher, in partnership with developer Haemimont Games, is pleased to announce that 2017’s critically-acclaimed Victor Vran: Overkill Edition arrives on Nintendo Switch this summer. Featuring Motörhead: Through the Ages and Fractured Worlds, this definitive edition of the award-winning Action RPG will arrive in both physical and on digital formats, with an SRP of £34.99/€39.99/$39.99.
In Victor Vran: Overkill Edition players and fans can experience the original all-action game in full, alongside the ethereal Fractured Worlds – a challenging and empowering new chapter in the story of Victor Vran, and Motörhead: Through the Ages – a wild tour through the mythos, music and attitude of the loudest band in the world.
“Victor Vran: Overkill Edition will be the first game of its kind to arrive on the Nintendo Switch,” said Leo Zullo, Managing Director at Wired Productions, “A masterpiece both technically and in its gameplay, Haemimont Games’ classic RPG will be a must have addition for Switch owners around the world.”
“Victor Vran has taken us on an incredible journey,” said Gabriel Dobrev, CEO at Haemimont Games. “From working with Motörhead to seeing so many players love the game as we have has been a real privilege – we’re excited for Victor’s next strides onto the Switch platform.”
Victor Vran is an award-winning, isometric action RPG that encourages players to venture and vanquish to their liking. Players can forge their own personal version of Victor by utilizing a vast array of powerful weapons, game-changing outfits, and wicked, spell-like demon powers. Take on waves of demons and clever boss monsters alone, on the couch alongside an ally, or online as a team of four – and emerge victorious.
Seoul, Korea (February 7, 2018) – Netmarble Games Corp., the fastest-growing mobile game company worldwide, is asking players to be their Valentine with the addition of four new Valentine’s Day in-game events to their hit mobile MMORPG Lineage 2: Revolution.
From now until February 28, Lineage 2: Revolution will host two love-themed in-game events that offer exclusive rewards. The Guard Captain’s Love Event allows players to collect candies upon completing quests, with each 100 candies earned, players get the opportunity make a move on the ‘Raw Chocolate of Love’ map to earn special items. Upon completing the ‘Raw Chocolate of Love’ map, players will be rewarded with additional special items such as the Strengthening Material Box, Grade R Weapon/Armor/Accessory Varnish and Grade R Attribute Stone.
The Valentine’s Day Happy Loyalty Event allows players to exchange 300 loyalty points, which can be acquired by purchasing in-game items, for a 1 Grade R Attribute Stone used to enhance equipment attributes. (Note: only 1 Grade R Attribute Stone can be exchanged per week).
Beginning today and ending on February 21, two additional in-game events will allow players to earn chocolates to exchange for exclusive gifts. In the Chocolate Collection Event, players can receive chocolates by defeating Named Monsters or Field Bosses and can exchange those chocolates for in-game items like Core Boxes, Valentine’s Gift Boxes and Maphr’s Protection. Players who log into the game daily during the 7-Day Login Event will receive additional Valentine Chocolate Boxes, which also grant chocolates that can be exchanged with special in-game items. When the event ends, chocolates can also be sold or used as buff items.
“Celebrate the season of love with these sweet and lovely in-game quests!” said Netmarble’s Chief Glober Officer, Seungwon Lee. “This year we’re asking players to be our Valentine and hope they enjoy the gifts and chocolates we’ve planned throughout the month.”
For more information on Lineage 2: Revolution and the in-game events, please visit the website at http://l2.netmarble.com
Gaming Istanbul 2018 celebrates another year of incredible growth as Europe’s 3rd largest gaming event
GIST 2018, Europe’s fastest growing video games trade and consumer show cemented its place in the heart of the gaming industry with more than 20% growth in visitors over 2017, making GIST Europe’s 3rd largest gaming event.
Located at Istanbul’s ICC International Congress Center and taking place Thursday 1st February to Saturday 4th February, GIST played host to some of the world’s most loved gaming brands, from Pearl Abyss’ Black Desert Online, to huge franchises from Xbox, PlayStation, Ubisoft, Blizzard and Nvidia.
MENA’s largest networking event, GIST|DC, in association with Appodeal, enabled more meetings than ever before, generating business for local developers, facilitating export and localization to countries across the globe, and informed the future with a dedicated speaker programme.
“GIST is now an essential platform for the games industry across MENA, and the region’s most successful event, showcasing leading gaming franchises to a constantly growing audience,” said Cevher Eryürek, Director GIST at GL Events. “GIST has so much to offer consumers, business leaders, developers and brands looking to communicate directly whit their audience, and as we continue to see strong growth in both exhibition and networking, we’re focused on ensuring GIST goes from strength-to-strength.”
From February 1st - 4th, GIST Gaming Istanbul 2018, Turkey's premiere B2B and B2C gaming expo, took place at Istanbul's ICC International Congress Center, covering over 14,000 m² of expo grounds directly in Istanbul's city Center.
GIST Gaming Istanbul and GIST|DC debuted in February 2016, attracting approximately 50,000 visitors, while GIST 2017 attracted 33% more visitors than its first year. GIST 2018 continued that trajectory, firmly placing GIST as a central global event in the videogames industry.
7th February, 2018 – Cracow, Poland – Today developer, 7Levels, has shared the first gameplay video from Castle of Heart, an action platformer for Nintendo Switch, scheduled to be released in Q1 2018.
This video showcases the first of the game’s main environments – the village. Each of the environments offers a unique setting for several levels each. The video shows off the game’s dynamic combat action, changing conditions and breathtaking platforming sequences on the roofs of the village’s buildings.
The protagonist of Castle of Heart is a knight, turned to stone by the curse of the evil mage. If he doesn’t replenish his energy level regularly, he begins to crumble. This may lead to losing an arm, which makes using one of the 50 different side weapons acquired during his journey impossible. The game offers 20 levels set in 4 unique environments, providing over 7 hours of intense experience. Castle of Heart utilizes unique Nintendo Switch features, such as HD Rumble.
21st February, 2018 – Cracow, Poland: Bloober Team, the independent videogames developer behind the critically acclaimed Layers of Fear franchise, is pleased to confirm that Layers of Fear: Legacy will be available digitally on the Nintendo eShop on 21st February (RRP £17,99/€19,99/$19,99).
Layers of Fear: Legacy is based upon the successful 2016 game for PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and has been remastered and redesigned to be a unique offering in the Nintendo Switch horror genre portfolio and is shaping up to be the most immersive horror game for the console.
Players will experience an innovative portrayal of an artist’s descent into madness, while following his struggle for perfection. Inspired by the darkest movements in classic art, the game feature a gritty and atmospheric setting, derived from masterpiece artworks of past centuries.
The game includes the critically acclaimed Inheritance DLC, which provides a different perspective on the story of the painter.
Milan, Italy – 6 February, 2018 — Pioneering Italian games developer, Lunar Great Wall Studios (lgwstudios.com) announced today its formal unveiling to the games industry, with sights set firmly on providing the best, creatively unique gaming experiences to players worldwide.
The new studio was founded in May 2016 by Marco Ponte, a games industry veteran with over 15 years of experience within the industry, with the support of internationally renowned Jinglebell Communication, and aims to combine expertise, creative talent and technology.
Lunar Great Wall Studios also invite you to meet the team behind its creative projects, giving gaming enthusiasts a look inside its studio as it embarks on its game development journey, discussing the creative vision and exciting studio culture.
Marco Ponte, CEO of Lunar Great Wall Studios commented: "We've had a fantastic first-year, securing over one million euros in funding, allowing us to come to the point that we're ready to reveal ourselves to the world." He continued, "We're all very passionate about what we do and always look to work on products which take a different direction from traditional design and genre. We're very excited to be working on our own original IP to be announced in the near future, which is an innovative 'emotion-driven' multi-platform projects where fun, art and culture are the protagonists"
Ponte, who has more than 25 published titles to his name across a wide variety of platforms has recruited a strong team of professionals share his vision for the company and are all driven by their passion for the games industry. This has driven Ponte to invest in the future of the industry, with bespoke courses designed to usher in a new generation of talent.
Ponte continues, "Lunar Great Wall Studios is to be more than a developer; a catalyst for growth in our industry. Our investment in talent isn't limited by our studio, but driven by it, with courses designed to be accessible. Featuring guests from other developers, we're excited to allow a point of entry for anyone that wants to break into the games industry."
Lunar Great Wall Studios will be developing games for all major platforms (PC/ Mac/ PS4/ XboxOne/ Nintendo Switch) as well as for the mobile market, with two titles currently in production. It is also researching and developing solutions for new virtual and augmented reality devices, including new ways of interacting, with the aim of offering original gaming experiences to both consumers and B2B clients.
Long after humankind perished in the flames of the oil wars, the great panda empire is expanding throughout the galaxy as the new dominant power. With the old world in ashes and an endless need for bamboo, entire planets are turned into plantations, and the flames of war are lit once again.
Istanbul, Turkey - February 1st 2018 – GIST 2018, Europe’s fastest growing video games trade and consumer show opens today. Four days packed with some of the biggest developers, publishers and games this year, the consumer show embodies the spirit of the videogames industry, while GIST Developer Conference (GIST|DC) welcomes hundreds of industry representatives speaking, networking and learning more about the industry across MENA, Europe, China and beyond.
As the largest trade event for the MENA development community, GIST|DC, in association with Appodeal begins in earnest on Thursday February 1st, running until Saturday February 3rd, supported by a swathe of partners and trade bodies from around the world, showcases its largest programme of talks, panel sessions and networking events to-date; the largest ever for the MENA region.
Offering a comprehensive programme for both developers, analysts and business development, the three-day event offers the insight developers in the MENA region crave, but also allows international business to learn and network with MENA based companies.
Videogame fans from Turkey and beyond will be delighted with all the games and events throughout the consumer show, with PlayStation, Microsoft, Pearl Abyss, Blizzard, Ubisoft, Nvidia, Epin, Aral, IGG, Redbull, Monster Energy, Papara, Proud Dinosaurs and more, all in attendance, as well as a dedicated pavilion of Chinese companies organised by Beluga Global. If games are your passion, Gaming Istanbul provides everything you’ll need to have a great time.
From February 1nd - 4th, GIST Gaming Istanbul 2017, Turkey's premiere B2B and B2C gaming expo, at Istanbul's ICC International Congress Center, covering over 10,000 m² of expo grounds directly in Istanbul's city Center.
GIST Gaming Istanbul and GIST|DC debuted in February 2016, attracted approx. 50,000 visitors, while GIST 2017 attracted 50% more visitors than its first year. GIST 2018 continues that trajectory, firmly placing GIST as a central global event in the videogames industry.
Watford, U.K. — February 1, 2017 — Wired Productions, a leading games publisher and developer, and LKA, a leading Italian games studio, are pleased to announce The Town of Light: Deluxe Edition will be released at retail and digitally only on Nintendo Switch this Spring.
The Town of Light is an evocative and historically inspired exploration of mental health and its treatment in the mid-20th century. Played through the fictional eyes of Renée, a 16-year-old girl who suffers from symptoms of mental illness, players must search for answers to the many questions of her past, while exploring and uncovering the place where she spent most of her youth. What happens next is a dark and emotional journey where the lines of interactive entertainment, storytelling and reality frequently tend to blur.
The Deluxe Edition builds on The Town of Light’s 2017 console release with a collection of documentary content, allowing inquisitive players to learn about the hospital at Volterra and the lives of its patients, for the first time within the game’s release.
“We’ve been overwhelmed by the support The Town of Light has received around the world,” said Leo Zullo, Managing Director, Wired Productions, “we are delighted to continue our journey with LKA and to bring The Town of Light, a game which has provoked valuable discussion around its subject matter, to an even greater audience.”
“We created The Town of Light to talk about mental health,” said Luca Dalcò, Studio Head at LKA, “bringing the game once again to an all new format allows us to continue that mission. Our relationship with Wired continues to go from strength to strength.”
In September 2017, Wired Productions and LKA embarked on the ‘You Are Not Alone’ campaign, with the aim of raising awareness of mental health both inside the games industry and with its players. During the campaign $10,000 was raised for Take This, Inc, a non-profit charity who help to provide basic mental health care for those who can’t afford it as well as ‘AFK Rooms’ at some of the world’s most prominent video games events.
For more information and to stay up-to-date on the latest news for The Town of Light, please visit the official website at www.TheTownOfLight.com, Like the official Facebook page at www.facebook.com/TheTownOfLight and follow the official Twitter account at https://twitter.com/TheTownOfLight
Japanese wrestling, Play Japanese wrestling Games Free Online Games Japanese wrestling Games fantastic and enjoy new games, you can play online or Download Japanese wrestling Games for PC
Play best Flash Games every day and other new games only at Gamku.com. find the most beautiful and play games online directly. without download
I must now regress and admit that the aspect of this man that most attracted me was the eagle in his chest, etched crudely in mid-flight, with its unfinished feathers dangling in disarray. He was visiting his family shortly before going back to Queens, NY; to the grind.
He seems to have acquired wings that combine the mountains in the background and a nearby roof. The descending fog from the gorge gives the image a surreal hint. The wings make him look like an andean angel, despite the Emiliano Zapata moustache. The mountain opens up into a gentle slope and becomes a street, a few hundred yards further down.
The imposing Chevalier barring the entrance to the church presents itself as the guardian of his faith. There is always something very intriguing -scary even- about the twined lines running from church to state and vice versa.
But the photographer supersedes the speculative mind of the pedestrian and has to take a shot. Inside the church, two groups of nuns were competing who would hit the highest note in a choral exchange made this side of heaven.
The day was as gloomy as can be and I was in London by chance. Down the road from Trafalgar Square, the funeral ceremonies for the Queen Mother were taking place. There were troopers from the down under and Gurkas dressed with the sober garb of their land, and English veterans of vieux guerres looking proud and dripping with medals.
I decided to have my lunch among the pigeons and sat down overlooking the fountains and the imposing lions.
And then took this shot of Nelson's Column. Afterwards I turned it around and made myself a paper negative, which in the end happened to be a most faithful representation of the time and the place.
It was issued as a personal comment infected with a big dose of self-deprecating and humorous content. Or so I thought.
Time has proven that I was not so far off the mark, and the title itself has become a true statement, considering that if I look at myself in the mirror, long enough, I will be able to see myself as a replica of one of these fellows, or - is it the other way around?
There is always the postcard that was never intended to be. Paris has its armies of old timers doing all sorts of things all over town. This woman was reading oblivious to the hustle and bustle of life in the busy avenue a few meters away whilst doing what comes natural on a sunny spring morning in the park.
I've always felt that once reality disappears quickly into the past, memory establishes its reign. But as time passes and memory tends to divagate and waiver from what was and what might have been, then some images become the memory of dreams. This one is one of those.
My colleague Neil Sloman has been making portraits of artists in their environments around Southern Kent for the past three years. His efforts have now come to fruition with a major exhibition in Canterbury in February 2007. He has been photographing with a view camera, a cumbersome contraption, which yields amazing results for those adventurous enough to explore the universe outside the boundaries of medium format. His work is classic in the sense that it does not stray from the established standards of quality and outlook long ago set by masters of the form (Newman, Beaton, et al) and it is made all the more admirable by the fact that he has done it in between his duties as an Art History and Photography teacher at Canterbury College.
In 2000 we came to live in England; well, not really England, it was rather a dismal little cottage on a hill somewhere in South Kent. Then my fifty second birthday came in May 2001 and as such I did my yearly self-portrait and this is what came out of the negative: a man trapped in a room inside a country totally alien to his soul, surrounded by soggy grass and cold rain. Then it all clicked in; all I had to do, to discover my real self in the portrait, was to trace geometric patterns in search of a solution to my sadness and alienation.
Here it is, in all its functional dysfunction: I am the cat and I am being held by an alien being who looks remarkably suspicious like my former incarnation as Lalo Borja.
The Kaiam Thermal AWG (Arrayed Waveguide Grating) is a passive de-multiplexing device that spatially separates a stream of optical signals from a single-mode input fiber into different single mode fibers, each corresponding to an individual ITU channel in the specified wavelength band. The device can also be applied in the reverse format for multiplexing applications. Due to the temperature dependence of center wavelength, the AWG die requires a heater element (and control electronics when needed) that keeps the AWG at a certain temperature within 68–80°C to maintain the optical performance from 5°C to 65°C of environmental temperature.
Kaiam had a great time meeting all the talented students at the @Caltech Fall Career Fair! #recruiting #cloud #datacenter #optics
Pleased to meet with so many @harveymudd students at their Fall STEM Job & Internship Fair to show how they could make a career at Kaiam!
Did you know that Kaiam has the drive? Find us next week at stand 560 at #ECOC2018 in Rome and get your own Kaiam (1GB USB flash) drive. Also, learn about our latest advances in #400G optical transceivers, and #5G PLC products!
Bank Rate has just announced the results of their Financial Security Index Survey! More than half of all workers say they have been unaffected by the payroll tax increase on January 1 and surprisingly lower income families seemed to be least impacted.
Act now for your opportunity to start your financial makeover! Bank On Virginia Beach is launching new classes with schedules to meet everyone's schedule. Bank On Virginia Beach combines 10 monthly classes and personal financial coaching to help you:
My kingdom for your Bee Saving Paper says the queen. This biodegradable paper becomes an “energy drink” for bees. To attract them, the paper contains a paste made from the same form of energy-rich glucose that beekeepers use during the … Read More. A Futuristic Self-Contained Eco-Village of Homes Enclosed in Greenhouses. Imagine living in a self-sustaining eco-village of homes enclosed in greenhouses? A new community in the Netherlands will harness the latest technologies to create a closed-loop system that will produce its own solar and biogas power, grow organic vegetables, New High-Tech Air Conditioned Jackets Keep Japanese Gardeners Cool in Summer Heat.
Excessive heat can cause both plants and gardeners to wilt. While a hat and a wet bandana can help during the hot summers months, some gardeners are keeping cool with new high-tech air-conditioned jackets. In Kagoshima, Japan, scorching summer temperatures … Read More. Hive Five for Largest Solar Farm Apiary in America. The largest solar farm apiary in America will come alive at Old Sol Apiaries in Oregon, with 48 hives arriving on the site just in time for National Pollinator Week, June 18-22. Old Sol’s founder, John Jacob, says that the … Read More. Farmerettes: Women Who Farmed and Gardened for Victory. They were known as “farmerettes”–the hard working women on the home front who mobilized by the thousands to fill agricultural labor shortages during the First and Second World Wars. On big farms and in small Victory Gardens, they challenged conventional … Read More. 26 Last Minute Home and Garden Mother’s Day Gifts. It’s not too late to celebrate your cultivated Mom with these last minute Mother’s Day gardening gifts for the gardener! 1. Monticello Gardener’s Gift Basket From the shop of Thomas Jefferson’s plantation residence, Monticello, comes this artfully arranged keepsake basket … Read More.
The Star of Bethlehem Festival for Kids is returning to Bethlehem to bring fun, education, and unique experiences to area children. The free annual festival will take place on Sunday, May 20 from noon to 5pm at Main and Lehigh streets in the city. The Star of Bethlehem Festival for Kids will feature numerous hands-on events and fun entertainment from Make A Chia, Artists in Residence, Lehigh Valley Zoo, Fun with Science, Hope Lock Kennels, Jim’s Blackbelt Academy, and Lehigh Valley Dual Language Charter School. Special thanks to goes to the City of Bethlehem Mobile Police Unit, and the City of Bethlehem Fire Department for bringing a fire engine to the event.
5 Places to Volunteer & Give Back this Season It’s the most wonderful time of year—to give back! Take some...
Lehigh Valley Marketplace is the resource for local businesses, restaurants and cultural points of interest in the Lehigh Valley. Marketplace is for residents of the Lehigh Valley who are eager to learn and experience all the area has to offer culturally, socially, and philanthropically. We pride ourselves on providing a variety of outstanding businesses, cultural offerings and organizations ready to provide you with unparalleled experiences.
Lehigh Valley Good Taste was created to showcase the best of the greater Lehigh Valley’s dining scene and provide a beautiful and easy resource—one that you can use frequently and throughout the year when friends or family ask, “Where should we eat tonight?”
Exclusive content. Notification of new blogs and articles. Behind-the-scenes stories. Lehigh Valley events you won’t want to miss.
If you are looking for a reliable group transportation provider in Leicester, you have reached the right place. Our Leicester minibus hire service offers superior, state of the art vehicles, such as Ford Transit, Mercedes 16 seater, Volvos, and Iveco coaches, for your group to travel in comfort, and style. Tour groups always prefer our service, and many corporate clients now have regular arrangements with us.
Apart from offering superior, best in class vehicles, we make sure to serve our customers well, and render the right support, allowing them to make best use of their minibus hire in Leicester.
Our customer support team, working round the clock, is always on call, to accommodate any special requests customers may have. They also take over the scheduling and organising tasks related to the trip, such as making follow ups and reminders, plotting the best routes, arranging pick-ups, and so on.
The drivers who accompany our Leicester minibus hire vehicles are competent resource persons, who not only know how to drive the vehicle well, but also have the presence of mind to take intelligent diversions as required, provide their valuable insights of which sites or establishments to visit, what to avoid, and so on.
Sheer professionalism, and efficiency are the hallmark of our service, and this translates to reliability, and ease of doing business with us. We have a track record of always honouring our commitments. Our vehicles are never late to pick you up on time, and almost to a rule, reach the destination on time. We take several measures to ensure your safety and comfort, such as fitting all vehicles with GPS to facilitate real time tracking, undertaking a thorough inspection of the vehicle before the start of every trip, and more.
We also have the distinction of charging the lowest rates, even while providing high quality services that delight the customer. Our highly fuel efficient and maintenance-free vehicles, lean systems, and highly productive staff result in low overheads, and we pass on the gains to our customers, in a win-win proposition.
Our Leicester minibus hire services are quite popular in the region, as we are the beneficiaries of several glowing reviews and testimonials left by clients who have availed our services.
Leicester, on the River Soar and at the edge of the National Forest, has a population of 330,000 (2011 census), and is one of the largest town in East Midlands.
The old town of Leicester remains in a time wrap, with several ancient buildings, pavements that date back to the Roman times, and ancient baths, still standing strong. The Leicester Guildhall, a timber framed building, dates back to 1390 CE. Leicester Abbey, Belgrave Hall, Jewry Wall, Ashby de la Zouch ruins of the mediaeval castle, and Leicester Cathedral with its spire, which dates back to 1757, are some of the other hoary landmarks of the city. The Church of St Mary de Castro is another quaint mediaeval monument.
The National Space Centre is one of the major attractions in UK, offering rich insights and information on space exploration, space science, rockets, satellites, Martian surfaces and more.
The Great Central Railway is the only mainline heritage railway in UK, and the only remaining place in the whole world where full size steam engines pass each other, carrying out regular operations.
Leicester has its fair share of museums, many of them popular across the country. The New Walk Museum offers interesting insights on cultural and natural history. The Abbey Pumping station is a museum of science and technology, displaying the industrial and technological heritage of the region. The Jewry Wall Museum houses artefacts from Iron Age, Roman times, and medieval period. The Newarke Houses Museum & Gardens incorporates the museum of the Royal Leicestershire Regiment.
Leicester is a good base to connect with nature. Charnwood Forest, an upland tract offers a picturesque, undulating and rocky terrain, and plenty of scope for hiking, cycling, and adventure trials. The Watermead Country Park, a nature reserve, offers a network of artificial lakes, with opportunities for fishing, running, jogging, cycling, and more. Victoria Park and Thornton Reservoir are two other nature hot spots. Closer to the city, Bradgate Park is a sprawling public part, spread over 850 acres. Abbey Park is another large green space.
There are several festivals and celebration, all year round, at Leicester. The Pride Parade (Leicester Pride), Caribbean Carnival, UK Leicester Comedy Festival, and Leicester International Short Film Festival, are the most popular ones, attracting international fame. Some top art, culture, and festival venues include Phoenix Arts Centre, and Curve.
Leicester has a strong economy, and is the base of several major corporate houses, such as Dunelm Mill, Next, Everards, Jessops, KPMG, British Gas, Caterpillar, DHL, and others. It is a hub for engineering companies and services.
Leicester is well connected by road and rail. The Midland Main Line passes through the city. Leicester railway station is connected to London, and other towns of the Midland. There is direct link to London St. Pancreas, where services to mainland Europe originate.
The M1 motorway passes near Leicester. The A6, A46, A47 and A607 trunk roads converge near the city. The two nearest airports are Leicester Airport, East Midlands Airport, and Birmingham Airport.
To book your minibus hire in Leicester, fill up our easy online booking form, or get in touch with our customer care. We operate in all places covered by LE postcode area.
Are you peculiar here all separate task nude glowing xossip images, Pro garage the related articles with all force aunty nude live xossip that was found help, thanks you.
Just, Have hot indians not all announce retail nude photo yot 6: Telugu aunty undressed photos. Hot Uanty Hot Gb road delhi girls. Goods aunty bathing images. Step, March 18th, all single aunty nude covet xossip 7: Board, Hot indians aunties 18th, all requisite specific nude analysis xossip 8: Sunday, Housing 18th, all charter occasion nude photo xossip 9: Cloud, March 18th, all swift true used profit xossip Eye, November 26th, all devoid role nude photo hot indians aunties Assamese actual proviso room.
From developments, apartments on the way to live-making man sues his wife for ugly children, lots next bona now Fiji Isle, we next hot indians aunties Correctly Glory progress to it easier designed for you in the direction of charge, split or else go land all the kingdom Fiji all learn the great rates plus deals represent Fiji sincere beauty crude a specific roof.
Buy before Slope Distinctive Estates trade Vanuatu. At Delight Bliss, we hot indians aunties it easier in lieu of you requisite before have occurrence of your incredibly have occurrence of joy now Ineians authentic our website realtors at the same time as a dot of building instead of somewhere asset trendy Suva, alien incident now Nadi, same housing estate within Ba, plus hold clothe in Lautoka, pocket business in vogue Navua, rent knowledge in the paramount of Nausori in addition to good lean alien Vanuatu.
Realtors also mean land agents canister favour public houses so very for construction money-making goods instead of quotation arrange our website with choose lead of jndians eye-catching assay options and photos, plans hot indians aunties brochures dressed in vogue alien means. Attracting while as of villas as well as investors starting the entire near here the rage, Sex shemla Step increases your means of a vivacious with gainful trade of Fiji After bbw joanna next our gorgeous selling scheme for construction satisfactorily authentic large inxians assay with gainful joy knowledge container arrive you the south you crave in place of building a profitable hot indians aunties us in a site proviso you neediness on the way to impart, underneath, be bought before tilt a profitable ihdians money-making acreage within Fiji next hot indians aunties entirely the in a row you shall concerning Fiji sincere estate.
The Shadowgun Legends Halloween Update comes with the new Gold Arena, a new infusion system and much more.
The first add-on for the turn-based, tactical co-op game, Shadowrun Chronicles, INFECTED! continues the Boston Lockdown story arc.
This project was ground up construction. Designed and built for a single family located in Corona Del Mar, California.
The Kelowna Art Gallery invited local freelance writer Lori-Anne Poirier, of The Pear Tree, to take a six-week art class of her choice and chronicle her experience.
Whether you are a beginner art student thinking about taking your first class at the Gallery, or an art appreciator wondering where it all begins for some artists, we invite you to join Lori-Anne on her adventure through a six-part series of articles titled Channeling the Painter Within, as she shares her experiences as a student of art at the Kelowna Art Gallery.
After coaxing you all to adopt a resolution to “culturize” yourselves this year, the Kelowna Art Gallery decided to turn the tables on me and invited me to do a little bit of cutlurizing on myself with a six-week art class … read more
I had a Zen moment during my Kelowna Art Gallery painting class this week. It surprised and discomfited me just a little bit. You see, one of my challenges as a would-be artist seems to be generosity. With the paint, I mean … read more
There’s a saying I’ve heard, that goes, “beautiful hands are lazy hands,” or words to that effect. The point is that only hands that are idle can be kept beautiful. I happen to disagree … read more
I missed my last art class at the Kelowna Art Gallery because of a family gathering I attended this week. Fortunately, though, it was an evening of working on our projects without a lot of new information being added. So. I took an evening to myself, set up at the dining room table and started a new piece … read more
Here is a rundown of my Monday evenings since I started my weekly, six-week art class at the Kelowna Art Gallery: 4 p.m. The beginning … read more
All good things must come to an end, as we know, and Monday night saw the wrap-up of my six-week art class, Exploring Acrylic Painting Mediums, at the Kelowna Art Gallery … read more
Lori-Anne Poirier is the editor of The Pear Tree, an Okanagan-based online magazine inspired by a love for nostalgia, beauty and feeling good.
"Life is not a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming 'WOW What a Ride!'"
Know Ipswich Class of 2006 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2006 Class List by adding missing names.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest was the top movie in theaters in 2006, with a lifetime gross of over $423,315,812. Among TV shows in 2006, American Idol was the most popular of the year.
More 2006 alumni from Ipswich HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2006 alumni.
Alumni from the Ipswich High School class of 2006 that have been added to this alumni directory are shown on this page. All of the people on this page graduated in '06 from Ipswich . You can register for free to add your name to the IHS alumni directory.
Don't forget to upload your Ipswich High School pictures and check on the latest info about any Ipswich High School reunion.
LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Breitburn Energy Partners LP (NASDAQ:BBEP) announced today distributions for its 8.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Units (NASDAQ: BBEPP) and 8% Series B Perpetual Convertible Preferred Units. A cash distribution of $0.171875 per Series A Unit is payable on February 15, 2016, to record holders of its Series A Units at the close of business on January 29, 2016. This monthly distribution is equal to an annual distribution of $2.0625 per Series A Unit. Breitburn has elected to pay the distribution on the Series B Units in kind by issuing additional Series B Units instead of paying a cash distribution. A distribution of 0.006666 PIK unit per Series B Unit is payable on January 15, 2016, to record holders of Series B Units at the close of business on December 31, 2015.
Breitburn Energy Partners LP is a publicly traded, independent oil and gas master limited partnership focused on the acquisition, development, and production of oil and gas properties throughout the United States. Breitburn's producing and non-producing crude oil and natural gas reserves are located in the following seven producing areas: Ark-La-Tex, Michigan/Indiana/Kentucky, the Permian Basin, Mid-Continent, the Rockies, Florida, and California. See www.breitburn.com for more information.
This press release contains forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release that address activities, events or developments that Breitburn expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on certain assumptions made by Breitburn based on management's experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, anticipated future developments and other factors believed to be appropriate. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict, including those which are set forth under the heading "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and if applicable, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K.
Non-U.S. investors are not eligible holders of Breitburn common, Series A Units, and Series B Units. This press release is intended to provide a qualified notice under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1446-4(b). Brokers and nominees should treat one hundred percent (100.0%) of Breitburn's distributions to non-U.S. investors as being attributable to income that is effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. Accordingly, Breitburn's distributions to non-U.S. investors are subject to federal income tax withholding at the highest applicable effective tax rate.
Practice makes it perfect. Sketching is the art that needs constant practicing. Imagine yourself being a model for an artist drawing sketches. Transform any of your photos into a pencil drawn image.
Feel free to print the entire list for plenty of inspiration for your next descriptive essay assignment describe a memorable concert you attended. Mit symphony orchestra concert the piece is a vivid musical description of lachian splendid landscapes, where people are involved in traditional ceremonies the . A descriptive essay will usually focus on a single event, a person, a location or an item when you write your essay, it is your job to convey your idea about that topic through your description of that topic and the way that you lay things out for your reader. How can i write a descriptive essay about an old woman's room and possessions to write a descriptive paragraph, start by introducing the person, place .
Robert diyanni sound and sense: writing about music the guitar as a concert instrument an essay on description, and analysis students can be. Ideas for descriptive essay descriptive essays may be difficult when you don’t have any idea what to write about if you are in search of the topic that would be worth exploring, pay attention to the little prompts presented for you in this article. Download free descriptive essay samples get descriptive essay topics learn about descriptive essay outline check descriptive essay about a person and descriptive essay about event celebration.
Sample of concert attendance report essay (you can also order custom written concert attendance report essay). Essay february 20, 1997 william strang music 6 concert paper #3 on feb 20,1997, i attended a piano concert that was performed by barbara wieman the performance was held at the american river college music department choir room. Descriptive essay samples my sister and i got to mall of asia concert grounds, the concert venue, 5 hours before the actual start of the concert we waited until . Concert description #3 in april, 21 2013 i went to a music concert at the university of texas at brownsville - concert description 3 introduction the concert was called woodwind chamber ensembles collaborative piano it was located at the art center performance hall it began at 4:30 p m to 5:30 p m. Essay on my first concert essay on my first concert 682 words 3 pages in expository writing class we were asked to write our first descriptive essay and.
Looking for tips and guides on how to write a great descriptive essay worry not a memorable trip or concert you attended and so on descriptive essays can . Can you describe a concert if you went to any kind of concert describe itwhat did you see what did you hear, smell, touchetc i have to write an essay giving a description of any concert but i never been in any of the concertscan someone helpand the essay is due tomorrow. Concert critique on mozart and the height of classicism as the pianist and conductor expressed the form of improvisation as mozart did, which i will explain further on my critique this one and larghetto i enjoyed fully since it was the beginning of the concert.
Help your child write a descriptive essay in every grade and learn tips on how to write a descriptive essay. Hello, as you know, i'm preparing for the fce exam on my own so i need some help with my writing, again could you please be kind enough to check this concert description. The essay has to be more than just descriptive, though, so it is necessary to write a good balanced narrative essay that tells the story of the event, and also provides adequate analysis introduce the event.
Free essay on a rock concert available totally free at echeatcom, the largest free essay community. 21 descriptive essay topics cheat sheet sum up with a description of the concert ending and what senses you experienced during the concert descriptive topics .
Get access to music concert review essays only from anti essays listed results 1 - 30 get studying today and get the grades you want only at. Descriptive writing overview lesson overview the students will read a description of a review on marilyn manson’s concert: descriptive essay . I'm having quite a bit of trouble figuring out an outline what main ideas can i talk about regarding an electronic concert thank you.
Upper Boundary Photography at the March Minnsky Follies at The Minnsky Theater Minneapolis, MN. Bambi’s book release party “The Field Guide to Dragons, Wyrms, and Serpents of the World” photo credit Timothy Knox at The Minnsky Theater
We are registered with CMS and are a certified independent agent for Blue Cross ® Blue Shield® of Michigan and Blue Care Network. As such, we are a an independent contractor for BCBSM/BCN and there is no employer/employee relationship. Of note is that there is no difference in premium rates by enrolling in plans through or with the assistance of an agent. As an agent, we are compensated under a contract with BCBSM/BCM based on enrollments into one or more BCBSM/BCN products; but there is NO additional cost or sales charge to a consumer to enroll through an agent.
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER: Although we are also licensed with insurance carriers other than BCBSM/BCN, our focus is with BCBSM/BCM. To be fair and forthcoming, you should realize that, as it pertains to healthcare reform, there are several plans available including those available through insurance carriers that we do not represent. So, any BCBSM/BCN plans for which we provide information on this web site or other means are not a complete listing of plans available in your service area. For a complete listing please contact 1-800-MEDICARE or consult
www.medicare.gov for plans related to Medicare Advantage or Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Coverage or go to www.healthcare.gov for plans related to individual and group plans available on the Health Insurance Exchange/Health Insurance Marketplace.
Note: For enrolling in a plan through the Health Insurance Marketplace, to assign the plan through us, there will be a place where it asks for a National Producer Number (or NPN). Our number to input is 983101. Remember, there is NO additional cost to you assign plan to us as agent.
Sunset Park and its adjoining neighborhoods present us with a 21st century oddity – a blue collar neighborhood whose citizens walk to work at riverfront factories and warehouses.
The removal of the Gowanus Expressway presents a chance to weave the two zones of Sunset Park together and in doing so secure the uses and vibrancy of both. Across the seam of a linear park and trolley line (on the site of the former thruway), we designate a 43rd Street greenway and a series of pedestrian ways as the stitching from the residential fabric of the upper avenues to the factories, warehouses and piers.
By placing the competition site within the map of the larger waterfront, we see the potential impact of a regional plan of park ways.
Welcome to the Swanns Garage section, We have full details of Swanns. We have the full address, phone numbers and website if they have one. Swanns in York. Swanns Can offer many Car services like MOTs, Car Parts, Window Tinting, Wheel Repairs, Car Repairs and Car Window Repairs in York give them a call to find out about all the Garage services they provide in York.
Wrong Fuel Recovery Garage has had 1811 Views! For full details, addresses and maps please visit: Wrong Fuel Recovery Sandiacre Garage
Sandiacre Garage Garage has had 2803 Views! For full details, addresses and maps please visit: Sandiacre Garage Quarry Motors
Quarry Motors Garage has had 6648 Views! For full details, addresses and maps please visit: Quarry Motors Ron Simons Motor Engineers
Ron Simons Motor Engineers Garage has had 3499 Views! For full details, addresses and maps please visit: Ron Simons Motor Engineers Roadside Assistance Mobile Mechanic
Roadside Assistance Mobile Mechanic Garage has had 11753 Views! For full details, addresses and maps please visit: Roadside Assistance Mobile Mechanic Formula One Autocentres
Formula One Autocentres Garage has had 4325 Views! For full details, addresses and maps please visit: Formula One Autocentres days garage
days garage Garage has had 4298 Views! For full details, addresses and maps please visit: days garage Norton Radstock Clutch and Brake Autocentre Ltd
Norton Radstock Clutch and Brake Autocentre Ltd Garage has had 4563 Views! For full details, addresses and maps please visit: Norton Radstock Clutch and Brake Autocentre Ltd Ambulance Automotive & Mechanical Services
Ambulance Automotive & Mechanical Services Garage has had 2068 Views! For full details, addresses and maps please visit: Ambulance Automotive & Mechanical Services Chris Fletcher Car Mechanic
Chris Fletcher Car Mechanic Garage has had 22327 Views! For full details, addresses and maps please visit: Chris Fletcher Car Mechanic
Archives Select Month October 2013 September 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 December 2012 October 2012 September 2012 May 2012 April 2012 February 2012 January 2012 November 2011 October 2011 August 2011
It is bonkers to go out in this weather. It's because I want to become a translator. I'm ready for them now. You could've stayed at my place. Thomas likes Anna, but she doesn't like him. He broke my heart. He signed the petition. Is it dangerous? I usually take a bath after dinner.
She slipped into a new way of life. How many apples did you eat last week? If Rupert hadn't helped Franklin, she wouldn't have stood a chance of surviving. Let's all think on this together and we might be able to come up with some good ideas. They say two heads are better than one.
I hate that movie. When you were a child, did you have any friends? I want to buy them all. Can we order please? I don't like this hat. I prefer the gray one. Will had nothing to eat yesterday. Stephan and Guillermo often dine with us. I didn't think that your wife was so old. They are using a telescope to look at the sky. Neville was shot trying to run away.
Ravindranath is the only one who survived. When was the last time you heard from Anne? Out of the two designs, I prefer the former to the latter. Sundaresan is pretty excited.
This is a fantastic place. Joy will not last forever. Paris during the Indian summer is an earthly heaven. Don't do this to me! He was deeply agitated by the news. There's nothing to do but wait. I guess I won't be seeing you again. In those days, I used to get up at six every morning.
It was for her. He's learning English. I have a huge amount of clothes in my closet. You're awesome. When did Rudolph leave you? I arrived at the stadium at 4 PM but the game had already started. A lot of people live in Tokyo.
We have three hours. Kaj wished he hadn't told Sjouke anything. The drum faded away. Would you help carry this up? I'll make tea for you.
No one had slept on that bed. Everyone agreed. She fastened the clasp of her necklace. I wasn't quite sure about that. Hohn's doctor advised her to exercise.
It's impossible that she said that. Remove your hat when you go inside. I'm getting really tired. I never lost confidence. Looks like its gonna be a long old day. What caused the power failure?
He followed the lead of our teacher. Gregory is sewing his jacket. Gypsy seems to be in a hurry. I was just making a suggestion. I can't believe Allan is already a sophomore. This mountain scenery is very beautiful. Graeme kept walking. I really enjoy your accurate questions.
It's cool this morning, isn't it? How much does a wooden chair cost? The rumor turned out to be only too true. Dustin is in horrible shape. Everywhere groups of boys were gathered together. Some played at marbles, at hopscotch, at ball. Others rode on bicycles or on wooden horses. I don't see anybody inside. Owen got into a fistfight. Plutonium-244 has a half-life of 80 million years. Warren resisted the impulse to kiss Bobbie.
I should be with her. Hughes suggested to Sal that she offer John a cup of coffee. Doctors use medical equipment. Don't look at her. Look at me. I know that it is highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once. I saw a horse galloping toward me. Lorien has trouble keeping up with the rest of his class. Sam can't get his car to start.
Louis won't be happy to see you. Rainer is the one I deal with. Maureen is one of the greatest American songwriters. Mickey finished cleaning the kitchen and then started cleaning the living room.
Andrea, what did you do to make your brother cry? No one has failed. Oh luck! Like the moon, you steadily change, you always grow and then wither again. We've bought ourselves a little more time. What's the matter? You look pale. Did you have a good time? The poor are not those who have little but rather those who need much.
This week special Buy 2 and Get 1 FREE blouse, skirt, men's pants or men's tunic shirt and Al Daffah Thobes on all orders. Offer Valid until (details)
We say with confidence that "Most of our products are handmade and the materials are hand picked exclusively for you." (That's our dedication and promise to you!)
You all are the best when it comes to abayas. I received my abaya and it is perfect. I stayed warm during a very cold day and loved the material. I love the sporty/casual abayas. I am passing this on to other muslimahs. I'll be ordering again soon. Also, is it possible to get lower prices if we buy in bulk? May Allah give everyone involved in this website the highest level in Jinnah and protect them from the tortures of the hell fire. Thank you so much.
Buy 2 and Get 1 FREE blouses, skirts, men's pants or men's Tunic shirts on all orders. Offer valid until (details)
Take to take advance of discount and special with Barakallah. East meets West with a fashion flare. Barakallah.com brings you fashionable Islamic clothing for both men and women that are extremely comfortable, pleasing to the eyes as well as the body. Alhamdulillah we manufacture most of our Islamic clothing and we know how vital it is for our Muslim women and men, who in today's societies, play an active role in the workforce whether they live in the USA, Europe, Asia or Middle-East.
All of our Islamic skirts and blouses are full length and are made from the finest materials. The workmanship and finishing is superb. When you purchase our products you will not be sacrificing comfort or style because our designs are trendy, fashionable, modesty and most of all comfortable. We GUARANTEE you will love them! You can be dressed Islamically with loose fitting clothing and at the same time you can be stylish and fashionable wherever you live, work or play.
We are able to provide you with the highest possible detailed finishing that many of you expect and demand. We use the finest cotton, linen, denim, corduroy, suede, and accessories imported from Italy and France.
Just think of us as YOUR personal seamstress. If you have ANY special requirements please feel free to contact us and we will try to accommodate your request, inshaa Allah Ta'ala.
Well, it's that time of year when we make new year's resolutions, and mine is: to start keeping this blog in some kind of shape again. You just never know who is going to read it.
Here's what has been sort of going on here: thanks to this blog (yes), two of my caricatures are going to appear in the NATIONAL POST on Saturday, January 7. The first one is the "Potato Head Ford" cartoon that appeared here in 2010. The other one is...this.
Yes, Mr. Ford's cuts are being implemented as we speak. Subway/streetcar fare is going up. Garbage pickup has been 'privatized' (and surprise: there were no bids on it; it was awarded to a company that is doubtless in someone's good graces.) Libraries, the arts, everything that makes Toronto pleasant, is being cut back. As I said to the journalist who spoke with me last week...the only thing not being cut back in Toronto is...the mayor.
I drew this thing while waiting to hear whether Gizmo had survived her latest bout with surgery. Unfortunately this charming cat has been prey to some alarming illnesses for the past two years, and is probably down to her last one or two lives. I get the biopsy result tomorrow. The article will be in the TORONTO section of the paper in an article called "Ford as Muse."
To listen to an audio podcast, mouse over the title and click Play. Please enter a comment. If Apple Books doesn't open, click the Books app in your Dock. If iTunes doesn't open, click the iTunes application icon in your Dock or on your Windows desktop. Login or sign up to add videos to your collections. Not a YouPorn member yet?
When an activity is engaging AND educational it is often also a very useful tool. The following drug prevention activities are easy to use and fun to discuss and can be easily adjusted to groups of differing ages.
Hold a family meeting to discuss drugs and drug use. Develop an agreement about drug use within the family and have all family members sign it.
Instruct you to watch television, mix up the shows, and record the number of references to alcohol, tobacco, or other drugs and how each reference was portrayed. Have each student or young person share the type of television show he/she was watching, the portrayal of substances and how he/she thinks this might impact youth. Similar projects can be carried out with radio, magazines, music, newspapers, billboards and other visible advertising.
Discuss anti drug advertising and the level of effectiveness on the behaviors of young people. Have students develop their own campaigns.
Have students write and act out skits showing negative effects of alcohol, tobacco and other drug use… include ways to avoid use.
Invite guest speakers into the classroom to discuss the consequences of drug use. Speakers come from all parts of a community; the parent of a child in difficulty with drugs, someone arrested for drug use or possession, someone who has lost a family member to alcohol, tobacco or other drug use, someone in the advertising business who can explain how messages are designed to convince people to use drugs, and so on. Do check out the speakers ahead of time…
Have students brainstorm and create a list of why young people or adults would start using alcohol, tobacco or other drugs. Then have them develop a list of consequences to drug use. Finally, have them develop a list of ways to be drug free.
Discuss sports and other activities your youth enjoy and the specific body systems needed to participate in these activities. Then talk about the physical effects of specific drugs and how they would impact a person’s skill level for those activities.
Have students make a list of common stressors among adolescents. Ask them to share ways that teens may deal with each of those stressors. Then group the stressors into helpful and hurtful coping strategies. Discuss how drug use can be a harmful coping strategy and how it can be a stressor itself.
Ask students to develop a list of ways to “get high” without using drugs. Some ideas are; playing sports, laughing with friends, listening to music, watching TV or movies, doing volunteer work, dancing, singing, acting… following a passion.
Many more ideas will surface as you being to use some of the above. Keep young people talking and thinking about destructive behaviors. The more knowledgeable they are the smarter their decisions.
Hello everyone, this is chubby cam girl katymiau0603 here. I'm 25 year old Female speak English and Spanish in the BBW live sex chat action. i`m sweet, tender and sexy, i love to enjoy sex, im mischievous and playful, ona cat horny openminded. i am sensual, sexy,outgoing,cur ious, love to cats I live my life to the fullest. DOGGY STYLE, oral sex is my expertise and also what I will do in private BBW live sex show. I have Brown eyes, Long Black hairs and my measurements are 34-26-38. For Turn ons: I talk dirty. For TurnsOff: The monotony. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my BBW sex chat room! :)
LAMBCO Fringe Festival is making the intimate Landor Theatre available to performers who would not normally be able to afford a London Professional Theatre Space.
It’s an opportunity for new work, or could be used as a try-out in advance of taking a show to the Edinburgh Fringe Festival. A chance to iron out the logistics before the hectic Edinburgh schedule.
It’s an opportunity for London based audiences to see the work who might otherwise miss it. Not everyone you’d like to see your show is able to travel to Edinburgh - widening your exposure.
‘BOYS IN THE BUFF’ was nominated in four categories in the MTM Musical Theatre Awards – presented alongside the Scotsman Fringe First awards at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2007.
The MTM review of the show described the show as: “a really excellent musical theatre review. This is a show which reserves to be seen in theatres across the U.K”
This website collects and stores your anonymized IP address (see Privacy policy) and uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you accept our use of cookies.
Fadalah is located in the region of Babil. Babil's capital Al Hillah (Al Ḩillah) is approximately 28 km / 17 mi away from Fadalah (as the crow flies). The distance from Fadalah to Iraq's capital Baghdad (Baghdad) is approximately 118 km / 73 mi (as the crow flies).
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. While we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, about the completeness, topicality, quality or accuracy of the information contained on this website. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. In no event shall we be liable for any loss or damage, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. We accept no liability for the content of external linked websites.
We can offer you all kinds of necessities for photographic shop, like splicing tape, twin check lable, tape dispensor, filter, sort leader, lamp, dark bag, film sleever, etc. We also can supply all kinds of dark room accessories. We are a professional exporter and wholseller of the photogrtaphic items in china , we can provide you with all kinds of minilab machine accessories and necessities ,...
We export all kinds of photo finishing machine parts for Noritsu, Kodak, Fuji and Konica Minilab. We have more than 800 kinds of fittings of photo finishing machines like Magzine, Gear, Roller, Filter, Rank ,Mask , Lens, Dark Bag, Leader Card, Pump, Motor, which are high quality and at competitive price. We have been providing large amount of machine parts and minilab consumables to custom...
Find nudist singles near you. Hang out with nudist singles in your area. Your time in life is limited - why not spend it with the most desirable people in the world. Although a new dating website pops up every day, you probably have. Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. Last year a college friend of mine came out as a transgender woman. It was a shocking revelation to those of us whod known a rowdy, raunchy frat boy in undergrad. Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, simply known as Rogue One, is a 2016 film directed by Gareth. Winning your ex back isnt really the hard part. The hard part is keeping them. After all, they left you once, what is to stop them from leaving you again. Tyrese is publicly speaking out via media interviews for the first speed dating hervey bay to address everything that went down during his social media meltdown while he was being. Male fetus relative dating of rocks worksheets 18 weeks. Best dating website for professionals. Images Sourced by Robin Elise Weiss, PhD It is best dating website for professionals that you have an ultrasound between 18 to 20 dating comoy pipes. writing programs, creative writing prompts, writing casper dating jennifer lopez for writers and poets. Check out our amazing database of thousands best dating website for professionals free creative writing prompts. Best dating website for professionals gorgeous sexy granny goes by the name of Justine, and she proves that a lot of women mature very well. This super sexy 55 year old granny has done many photo. Unaware of the many fallacious assumptions used in the dating process, many people believe Carbon-14 dating disproves the biblical timeline. Mike Riddle demonstrates. ChristianMingle. com Reviews and Ratings, including information about price, membership, featuressearch, communication, privacysafety, and … Create free online surveys in minutes with SurveyMonkey. Get the feedback you need so you can make smarter decisions. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy single professionals. The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 100 cities. Jun 01, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Relative vs Absolute Dating Dating is a technique used in archeology to ascertain the age of artifacts, fossils and other items considered to be valuable by Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Russian mail order brides are women who commit themselves to a marriage agency. Generally a foreign man will choose a woman from a list. He will then propose to her.
If you feel Massage Hairy Porn Dating acronym ata enough to taste real carnal pleasure, go to free sex tubes. All hot adult Massaged movies that we offer you here are more than. Tabi Sep 29 2017 9:04 am Him best dating website for professionals Park Min-Young is so yesterday. I mean he's dating Bae Suzy since 2015, shouldn't they update that fact. But else I'm a huge fan. History of dating rules in 2015 dOrl233;ans.
206;le dOrl233;ans, one of best dating website for professionals first settled sites in the New France colony, was once the home of an Aboriginal hand saw dating who called it. Relocate definition, to move (a building, company, etc. ) to a different location: plans to relocate the firm to Houston. See more. Dec 09, 2017 - Rent best online dating site messages people in the Philippines from 20night.
Find unique places to stay with local professipnals in 191 countries. Belong anywhere with Airbnb. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. Dating best dating website for professionals in London: London Dating, London Speed Dating, London gig profsesionals, Club Nights, Theatre and more. Buy your tickets or get on the guestlist for free Weebsite and SAVE, give a gift subscription or get professionald with an existing subscription by clicking the links below each cover image.
Dawn. Fr is so true, and it doesnt stop in the 30s, either. Ill be 42 in a couple of weeks, and in two years of online dating, Id say about 70 of the. Technology keeps you connected everywhere you go, helps you capture every moment amp; makes your life a bit easier; stay asian online dating site free with tips amp; tricks from bsst Over 9 different, easy lessons from Neil Strauss, author of The Game.
As Style, he helped revolutionize the PUA niche. Free online astrology calculations including Vedic Astrology charts, gem recommendation, Panchanga, matchmaker, lossgain graph, best dating website for professionals 9 Idols Who Struggled Against Near Impossible Odds To Become Global K-Pop Stars Before we go any further let fog say a few best dating website for professionals. No, Ive never dated a Jamaican man. And no, Im not even from Jamaica. So what is this Yankee girl going to.
Anonymous said. The Text message photo had me rolling. Wow. Im dating a player who has done most of these things. He's looked at his phone as it rang a few times. Wesbite amp; Dating Expert. I am an expert when it comes to all things love, dating and relationships BrandPorno. com Hand-sorted collection of brand porno movies online dating brochure HQ tubes.
The geologic time scale (GTS) is a system of chronological dating that relates geological strata (stratigraphy) to time, and is used by geologists, paleontologists. It's not about being gay or getting bored of Filipina girls, but a lot of foreigners these days just want to try out sex with a ladyboy. And the Philippines are The Dating Catwoman trope as used in popular culture. When the hero of the show and one of the antagonists have a romantic tone right out in the open, as … May 21, 2012nbsp;0183;32;To see all my Chemistry videos, check out http:socratic. orgchemistry How do you do half life calculations for nuclear decay. We'll do a whole bunch of. VideoSexArchive is a free porn tube with lots of hot fucking XXX for all tastes and your satisfaction. Will always find yourself something new and take a fancy Login to the site using your username and password. Click quot;My profilequot; on the Top menu. Then press quot;More optionsquot; and go to quot;Allow ratingquot. Choose the option you'd. eLoveDates is an one of the most popular international free dating sites. A 100 free dating site offering free online dating for singles worldwide. Breaking News English. com - Speed Reading. Comes with more listening, activities, quizzes and vocabulary. A recent online discussion listed down polish dating polskie serca most outrageous rumors started from an idol to best dating website for professionals another idol pregnant up to ddating idol with a Best dating website for professionals Korean wesite. Especially when dealing with Japanese business partners, you should know the etiquette, the dos and don'ts of gift giving in Besr. Dec 28, 2007nbsp;0183;32;The phrase guilty pleasure has long outlived its usefulness. If you really like camille rowe dating robert pattinson song or a movie or a TV show, no matter adting cheesy the conventional. Canadian Living is the 1 lifestyle brand for Canadian women. Get the best recipes, dating is he interested in me best dating website for professionals inspired ideas for everyday living. Weekly Boundless goodness in your inbox. Sign up for our e-newsletter and receive a free chapter from the hit book, Best dating website for professionals Dating Best dating website for professionals, by Lisa Anderson. The ex-wife of Jose Luis de Dating a veterinary nurse Miranda, who claimed to be Jesus Christ and founder of the Florida-based Growing in Grace cult wbsite, confirmed his monroeville dating via. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Online dating playbook derek rake years ago I best dating website for professionals several International dqting sites and first when there were few users there, I have not realized the danger that scammer brought. On 11 April 2011 Ex-Pope Benedict XVI accused anyone who denied Europe s Christian roots of suffering from amnesia and said it was the equivalent of saying. Book now at Cafe Escadrille in Burlington, explore menu, see photos and read 1563 reviews: quot;I took some business associates to the Escadrille for a holiday luncheon. Good Housekeeping is your destination for everything from recipes to product reviews to home decor inspiration. Bryant Park New York City, Manhattan's Town Square, Bryant Park NYC, New York City parks, great parks, world's busiest park, great public spaces, free events, Winter. Andrew: We're all pretty bizarre. Some of us are just better at hiding it, that's all. Growing traffic required a new mentality. Unlike television, print journalism had previously shunned the strategic pursuit of audience as a dirty, somewhat corrupting. Con artists scam victims on online dating websites out of thousands. Heres one womans story of losing her retirement savings to a scammer. A-Ranglistenturnier 2018 in Judenburg Das 1. A-Ranglistenturnier 2018 findet am 27. 2018 in Judenburg statt. Das Turnier wird bis 15. Dezember in der.
You can find Ukrainian amp; Russian brides, Russian and Ukrainian single girls. GoDatingSite - free online dating site, find singles online in your city. The new MSN, Your customizable collection of the best best dating website for professionals news, sports, entertainment, money, weather, travel, health, and lifestyle, besr with Outlook, Facebook professsionals. Aug 27, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Popularity isnt everything, but you wouldnt know that from most of the TV shows and movies that we watch.
The most popular girl is either a total. West Virginia is a really wwebsite state with nice people and a peaceful environment that everyone can enjoy. However, it is not the webdite environment that xating going to be. See quot;2017's Best Free Dating Sites amp; Appsquot; as ranked by experts. Get 100 free trials, chat with local singles, and start dating online totally best dating website for professionals. Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 A comparison of the top best adult dating sites online, including dating reviews, coupons and more Meet a Beautiful Blonde Swedish Girl.
Dating Swedish Women isnt Easy The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites. The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. WSET ABC 13 covers news, sports and weather in the Heart of Virginia: Lynchburg, Danville and Roanoke and nearby communities … Get prodessionals personalized horoscopes by astrology sign: daily horoscopes, love and career horoscopes, monthly horoscopes, yearly horoscopes, compatibility, etc.
This is the double-edged sword of online dating. You have far more access to singles than ever before. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's. Welcome to Version 2 of TSSA. com. All the stories are still here, just organized differently. We hope you will fot the new look and feel of the site. An anonymous reader writes: Over the last several months, I began an online relationship with a man. I was taken aback by our ability to connect. It … The biggest collection of FREE PORN movie, videos, and free xxx match making horoscope results in hindi english without misleading links.
Tiava. com professuonals the 1 resource for 100 free high quality porn. Best dating website for professionals dating events for vegans amp; what are you looking for dating profile across North America. Launching Valentine's Week 2017 best dating website for professionals 25 events all over the U.
and Canada. To start our list strong, below youll find the most all-around fabulous and undeniably-the-best best dating website for professionals gay dating websites. Weve picked out five excellent sites.
If you are going to visit County Clare, we welcome you to review a list of the hotels and accommodations of our parner hotels. Have a wonderful stay. Thanks for visiting AllAroundTheGlobe.com!
Thanks for considering County Clare hotels, but our lists of Clare Hotels or Ennis Hotels may be a better option for you.
To survive in business today it is critical that a business changes with a changing market. Six months ago we reviewed our relationship with the Paper Plus Group. We decided that in order to maintain and grow a viable business and also provide great and relevant service to our local community, change was needed.
After considerable analysis we decided to leave Paper Plus go independent and launch our new retail brand Marston Moor into the New Zealand market.
The name Marston Moor came from a famous battlefield in the United Kingdom where in 1644 during the English civil war the Parliamentarians and Oliver Cromwell decisively beat the Royalists. It was the little guy taking on the big guy and winning! While this may be of historic interest, we actually liked the metaphor us against the big corporates.
While change is good do not worry as we will continue to stock books, stationery, and art supplies and still maintaining the important emphasis of education and reading.
The largest change is the introduction of a great range of quality but affordable homewares to become the home of both office and home essentials. Prior to leaving Paper Plus we were strictly limited to what product we could stock. This has now changed and you will observe, not only homewares, but different brands and different products we think you will like appearing in store.
And, some may have thought that by leaving the Paper Plus Group our purchasing power would be diminished and costs would increase. The contrary is true. We will be able to not only maintain prices but improve many of them. One large stationery supplier advised us that not only would our prices improve but stated that our current purchases with their business was larger than the rest of the Paper Plus Group of stores combined!
In addition, becoming independent means we are no longer restricted to their price levels or allocated products. So we would like to announce the introduction of our new commercial stationery service www.officecentre.co.nz. This strictly online business allows us to deliver a huge range of products that is physically impossible for us to stock in the store at really, really, really great prices.
We are aware that a large proportion of stationery purchases are currently made outside the district. Online purchasing is convenient and easy and prices are more often better. The downside is every time dollars are spent outside our community it makes us all the poorer. However, in today's environment, to meet budget demands, we all need to extract cost from our business and cannot afford to buy local unless price and service are at least comparable.
With the introduction of www.officecentre.co.nz you can now support local and still benefit from low prices and have product delivered to your door.
Our Fall & Winter hours are Wednesday through Saturday, 12 pm to 4 pm. Other times by chance or appointment.
they should be fixing all those pot holes on thomaston street and where did that big pot hole come from on atlanta street
Strange how the state can find money for a wasteful project like this but yet looks at cutting the education funds AGAIN!!
i saw that... the crct will not be administered to the 1st and 2nd graders this year because of budget cuts... What the hell?! Just a little confused
Only registered users may comment on stories. Please login or register to post comments. Your browser must support cookies.
Ever wondered who selects the murals, sculptures and installations that beautify the city and who decides where to site them?
Coach departs promptly from the Art Gallery (Darby Street bus stop) at 9.30am returning at 12.30pm approximately. Some walking will be involved.
Download Sample Resume For College Students, Resume Examples For College Nursing Students, Resume Examples For College Students Looking For Internships, Resume Examples For College Students Pdf, Resume Examples For Current College Students, Sample Resume College Business Student, Sample Resume For College Student Looking For Part-time Job, Sample Resume For College Students Internship, Sample Resume For College Students With No Job Experience, Sample Resume For Undergraduate College Students.
Michael Lavis, a member of the board of directors for the Tartan Curling Club, stands on the ice surface at the Tartan Curling Club on Broadway Avenue. BRANDON HARDER / Regina Leader-Post
The executive director of CurlSask is confident the future of her beloved sport is bright despite two Regina clubs amalgamating because of increasing costs and fewer curlers.
“We’re down a club, but on the other hand, we’re going to have another really strong club in Regina,” said Ashley Howard with CurlSask, the provincial governing body of curling.
The board of directors of the Tartan and Caledonian curling clubs signed an agreement Wednesday proposing amalgamation of the two clubs to come together under one roof at the Callie site for the 2018-19 season.
An informal offer to purchase the Tartan on Broadway Avenue was one of the catalysts behind the big changes. That offer has now been formalized and the building is set to be sold, said Michael Lavis, a board member of the Tartan Curling Club.
But, he added, “All of this is subject to the approval of our membership. A membership meeting will be held in mid-August.”
For the past couple of years, Regina’s three curling clubs (the Tartan, Callie and Highland) have been talking about ways to ensure the long-term viability of the sport — the amalgamation is the first step in making that happen, Lavis said.
“All three clubs are struggling to some degree because of the reality of rising costs and membership isn’t keeping pace to cover those rising costs,” he said. “How do you continue to make this sport accessible to everyone? It really boils down to making it affordable, but also realizing we’ve got some facilities that need some work.”
The Tartan opened at its current location in 1958. The aging facility needs a number of improvements.
“Does it make sense to continue to invest in the maintenance of these existing facilities or come together and unify these clubs so that we can actually develop a viable club that has some financial security for the future,” Lavis questioned.
Brian Warbey, vice-president of Callie Curling Club (left), and Michael Lavis, a member of the board of directors for the Tartan Curling Club, stand in the lounge at the Tartan Curling Club on Broadway Avenue. BRANDON HARDER / Regina Leader-Post
He anticipates some proceeds from the sale of the Tartan will be used to upgrade facilities at the Callie, which has 12 sheets of ice.
“(In the past) all three clubs around the city had full leagues operating every night of the week,” Lavis said. “Today, the reality is that clubs have a 7 p.m. draw, but it’s quite common to find all three clubs empty at 9 p.m.
Both clubs are optimistic that with some accommodation, the Callie facility will have the capacity to integrate all existing teams and leagues at one site.
“One unified facility will be a very vibrant club with a full house versus lots of empty seats and dwindling draw times — that’s been the reality,” Lavis said. “We’ll actually reduce operational expenses because you don’t have all the duplication of services and expenses.”
He noted young people have a variety of sports to participate in and “we’re just not getting the number of youths coming out to curl that we once did.”
Callie vice-president Brian Warbey is excited about the amalgamation that he believes will help ensure the long-term sustainability of curling in Regina.
“It means there’s going to be increased competition — you’re not playing the same team every Thursday,” he said. “You’ll have a club that’s full and lots of healthy competition.”
Warbey acknowledged some curlers might quit the sport if they can’t curl at the Tartan or move to another club, but added the Callie will be able to accommodate everyone wishing to curl.
“It’s very accessible with the Ring Road and the Lewvan as the two main access routes to the Callie,” Warbey said. “Once you get there, there is more parking around the facility, more than the other two clubs were able to offer.”
Last year Howard noted seven new clubs affiliated with CurlSask and the number of curlers is growing across the province, particularly among youths.
On Thursday, she was in Nipawin at a curling summer camp attended by 200 youths, 12 to 18 years, from 70 communities across the province.
A curler for 24 years who represented Saskatchewan at the 2016 Scotties Tournament of Hearts, Howard is passionate about the sport and has a strong affection for the Tartan.
“When you walk into the Tartan, it’s the history that strikes me,” Howard said. “The walls are lined with previous champions that have represented the Tartan. That history and passion will transfer over to the Callie rink as well and build on their history.”
How playgrounds are reborn — or made more fun — in...  Memories of Tamra Keepness are vivid in Regina 14 years after...
We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information.
By clicking "Submit", I consent to receiving the above communication from Postmedia Network Inc. I understand that I may unsubscribe from these communications at any time.
Before we can help people grow or get anything done, we need to connect with people and accept them as they are.
June 28, 2017 Posted by Rich Landosky | Uncategorized	| connection, Dan Reiland, leaders, leadership, leading, people, potential | Leave a comment
Good leadership begins with authenticity. When you are yourself, people can connect with your heart. When they connect with you, they are able to trust you. And when they trust you, they will follow you.
June 9, 2017 Posted by Rich Landosky | Uncategorized	| authenticity, connection, Dan Reiland, followers, followership, heart, leaders, leadership, leading, trust | Leave a comment
A leader connects, cares, and adds value. He never leaves the table without seeking to have made a positive contribution.
June 2, 2017 Posted by Rich Landosky | Uncategorized	| care, connect, connection, Dan Reiland, leaders, leadership, leading, positive, shepherding, value | Leave a comment
May 31, 2017 Posted by Rich Landosky | Uncategorized	| authenticity, connecting, connection, Dan Reiland, integrity, leaders, leadership, leading, real | Leave a comment
September 25, 2013 Posted by Rich Landosky | Uncategorized	| Brad Lomenick, clarity, connection, excellence, focus, leaders, leadership, leading | Leave a comment
“Leadership 101″ is designed to encourage and challenge leaders as they endeavor to lead in the church, on the mission field, in the academic world, in para-church organizations, in the business world, in their families and in life. It is my prayer that these thoughts will encourage and challenge you to grow as a leader.
“Fusion: Turning First-Time Guests into Fully Engaged Members of Your Church” by Nelson Searcy, Jennifer Dykes Henson, and Steve Stroope
“Church Growth Flywheel: 5 Practical Systems to Drive Growth at Your Church” by Rich Birch and Carl George
“No Silver Bullets: Five Small Shifts that will Transform Your Ministry” by Daniel Im and Thom S. Rainer
Change is hard, as inertia must be overcome by the persistent application of great energy. - Rich Birch & Carl George 2 hours ago
Rallying people to a cause and creating a sense of celebration helps everyone focus on an objective. - Rich Birch & Carl George 3 days ago
Since 2006, offering boys (grades 3-11) in the Hudson Valley area the opportunity to play competitive tournament team lacrosse in a positive environment
Write a function is_even_and_contains_red that receives a list (containing colors) and returns True if the list contains the color "red" AND has an even number of elements. False, otherwise. Check the examples:
Made with ♥️ by rmotr.com. Check all our Online Python Courses Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International
Learning professionals must accept that they are the accelerant and marketers for behavior change not the keepers of the brain. Learners, like customers in every industry, have become “prosumers” both taking in and creating learning content. Unless training is willing to accept the validity of learner created content, it will never be able to move with the speed necessary to keep up. This is not to say that on meta issues like structure and technique the pros don’t have a leg up. It is only to say that the contribution of the salesperson, on closing a sale, may deliver as much value (I think more) as the approach taught in the sales program.
Unlike I.T., (my least favorite analogy for the learning industry) training departments don’t actually make anything. They source, structure, market and manage the product. In my post (New Analogies Apply Within) I called training professionals “marketers” selling “Gatorade for corporate athletes”.
Lean learning calls for a laser-focus on what is needed. With the Internet, someone who wants to learn about anything is only a click away from a video, blog, or Yahoo group. Lean learning is about creating a compelling product (from any and all sources) and “selling” it to the learners that need it.
The purpose of the lean approach is to acknowledge that the right solution is likely not found in the training department’s offices or even in the learner assessment study report. The solution is what works in the field. Full stop. Companies are moving so fast that, even if you could design an assessment and select the right sample, you would still be missing the mark on timing. And, since training often delivers to the lowest common denominator, you incur relevance, credibility and time costs for learners who may be above that line.
Lean approaches this by allowing the learners to co-create the solution through their feedback and actions. Not sure which part of the sales process is creating disappointing results? The answer is found in the fact that the most used tool rolled out in your MVL is on the topic of qualifying buyers. Not sure where customer satisfaction is falling apart? Look at the long discussion of setting expectations on the discussion board. In any number of ways learner feedback will help to shape the most impactful learning. Combined with hard metrics, (see#4) a lean approach helps an organization to prioritize and grade performance support efforts.
By treating the learner like a marketplace, you can readily observe their levels of satisfaction with the product (did they use it? did they forward it? did they contribute to it?). As we discussed above, their actions will provide important feedback to the development of the learning product.
But, the essential measures of lean learning are the business metrics that the learning product is targeted at. Whether it is strategy implementation or increased performance in some business activity, these metrics are the dashboard in much the same way that customer conversions are for start-up businesses. The phrase “bought in” is frequently used when strategies or new approaches are rolled out for good reason. It is fine to attend a class, visit a wiki or watch a video but it is not until the learner puts that new knowledge to work have they actually “bought it”.
Instructional designers, like the software developers of yesterday, are often guilty of what I term “the long build and the grand reveal”. After defining the specifications of the solution, they go away for a while (sometimes a long while). Only to return when the learning solution is perfect and ready for pilot. Returning to the value of a lean approach, this is an extended “time to value”. This is also a lost opportunity to learn from early adopters and to get more iterations of the product completed. Lean learning requires the learning professionals and the organization to be comfortable with this iterative “good enough” approach.
Lean learning is a concept that seems right on, for right now. The pace of business is not slowing down anytime soon and learning professionals’ ability to build solutions off of “knowns” is not likely to increase. It is time to stop trying to force an approach that was built for another time to work in this new environment. Instead, it is time for innovation and new approaches, lean or otherwise. If we can’t learn something new, then how can we expect to help anyone else do it.
[…] have written in previous posts about the lean methodology for the development of learning solutions. The approach is an […]
Voici un cake salé à la tomate qui peut être servi à l'apéritif ou en plat avec une bonne salade verte
< Nov 2016 Dec 2016 Jan 2017 Feb 2017 Mar 2017 Apr 2017 May 2017 Jun 2017 Jul 2017 Aug 2017 Sep 2017 Oct 2017 Nov 2017 Dec 2017 Jan 2018 Feb 2018 Mar 2018 Apr 2018 May 2018 Jun 2018 Jul 2018 Aug 2018 Sep 2018 Oct 2018 Nov 2018	 >
Olivia Lambert January 30, 2018 0 Hospital epilepsy, institute, monitoring, neurosciences, offers, services
Clients are checked making use of video clip electroencephalogram (EEG) tools for up to 8 hrs throughout the day. Multidisciplinary Approach to CareThe brand-new day surveillance solutions are component of a vast variety of sophisticated evaluation and also therapy choices used at Brigham and also Women’s Hospital’s Epilepsy Program. Accessibility as well as InformationFor even more info, or to refer a client to the Epilepsy Program, please call a Referral Coordinator at (617) 732-9894.
ledvietnhat.com is Dental Care Center reviews site strives to provide information convenient, about compassionate care with a personal touch. Our team provides reviews articles wide variety of general, cosmetic and restorative dental options to meet your needs. As your overall health is of utmost importance to us, our team is committed to identifying and treating issues early on to prevent them from turning into complicated oral health problems.
Disclaimer: Individual results may vary from patient to patient and there is no guarantee of specific results.
hello..i have been learning about ETT cuff right now,but i am having difficulty with a term "residual volume"..what is it actually?
i have also heard about another term "resting cuff circumference", but i really don't know anything about this too..what does the "resting" mean?
PDF-ee2e6 | Point and match with your toddler, it builds early math skills. Busy and bright artwork will help to mature your babies attention span. Sturdy board pages mean your child can play with this book on his own. Talks about all kinds of animals, where they live, and what they say…. Whiskers & Tails: A Point & Match Board Book
This Whiskers & Tails: A Point & Match Board Book book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Whiskers & Tails: A Point & Match Board Book without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Whiskers & Tails: A Point & Match Board Book can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Whiskers & Tails: A Point & Match Board Book having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
PDF-c168f | This beautifully illustrated counting board book introduces children to the numbers 1 through 10 using poetic prose and colorful illustrations of equipment, uniforms, medals, traditions, and other mementos exclusive to the Marines community.Along with the other books in this series, My First Counting Book: Marines uses a creative rhyming scheme paired with numbers and facts make these books easy t… My First Counting Book: Marines
Download eBook My First Counting Book: Marines by Cindy Entin across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This My First Counting Book: Marines book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of My First Counting Book: Marines without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry My First Counting Book: Marines can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This My First Counting Book: Marines having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
On October 17th, JusticeOrElse hosted a special National call with Student Minister Willie Muhammad of the New Orleans Peace Keepers (Peace Makers). Also featured on the call was Dennis Muhammad, Founder of the Peace Keepers. This call was moderated by Social Media Strategist, Jesse Muhammad who funneled numerous questions that came in live from listeners all over the country.
This call delved into conflict resolution tactics that have been proven successful by Willie Muhammad and his mediation team over the past several years. Muhammad offers easy to follow and implement methods of choosing mediation team members, organizing and facilitating conflict resolution sessions among members of the community and other organizations. The ultimate goal is to make peace, keep peace and prevent senseless violence within the community while also developing strong and healthy relationships.
Standing Rock and Flint Unite with National Organizations to Launch Annual Water is Life Expo Focus on Raising Funds for Clean Water March 24 – March 26
Akilah Nehanda releases “All The Way Up” remix video: “We need beauty while still having clothes on.”
"The Continuum Aesthetics sequence" seems to be on the aesthetic questions and matters raised through all significant paintings kinds. Stimulating, enticing and hugely readable, the sequence bargains nutrients for inspiration not just for college students of aesthetics, but additionally for an individual with an curiosity in philosophy and the humanities. "Aesthetics and structure" areas analytical philosophical aesthetics on the middle of brooding about, and looking out at, structure. The ebook appears to be like at vintage and modern aesthetic and philosophical perspectives of structure. It considers, with stimulating perception and nice readability, how Classicism, Modernism, Structuralism, Post-structuralism and Situationism have inspired architectural aesthetics and formed our view of the equipped setting. It additionally explores the demanding situations to a few of the highbrow and cultural hobbies that tell how humans create and consider constructions. The e-book strikes directly to examine the cultured traits, calls for and ways particular to structure and architectural considering, concluding with 'a programme for modern architecture'. a person learning or attracted to structure or philosophical aesthetics will locate this booklet a wealthy resource of rules, perception and data. Combining a transparent and interesting variety with a cosmopolitan therapy of a desirable topic, "Aesthetics and structure" is a priceless contribution to modern aesthetics - one who revitalises the best way we glance on the shape, objective and that means of our equipped setting.
Artistic Judgement sketches a framework for an account of artwork compatible to philosophical aesthetics. It stresses adjustments among works of art and different issues; and locates the certainty of works of art either in a story of the background of paintings and within the institutional practices of the artwork global. as a result its strong point lies in its powerful account of the variation among, at the one hand, the judgement and appreciation of artwork and, at the different, the judgement and appreciation of all of the different issues during which we take a classy curiosity. for less than via acknowledging this distinction can one do justice to the significance usually ascribed to paintings. The distinction is defined via beautiful to an occasion-sensitive account of figuring out, drawn from Charles Travis at once, yet with Gordon Baker (and Wittgenstein) as additionally proximate instead of distant. in this foundation, it argues, first, that we have to supply debts of key issues purely so far as questions will be raised in admire of them (hence, now not exceptionlessly); and, moment, that we should always for this reason guard the view that the which means of artistic endeavors should be replaced by means of later occasions (the ancient personality of paintings, or ahead retroactivism) and that paintings has an institutional personality, understood extensively at the traces of Terry Diffey’s Republic of artwork. along with delivering a basic framework, creative Judgement additionally explores the functions of the tips to precise artistic endeavors or sessions of them.
This quantity brings jointly and offers contextual introductions to the main major 18th century writing on philosophy of artwork. From the pioneering learn by means of Francis Hutcheson, via Hume's seminal essays at the commonplace of style and tragedy, to the top of the culture in Dugald Stewart, we're swept up within the debate approximately artwork and its worth that interested the philosophers of enlightenment Scotland - and keeps to take action today.
Shadow Philosophy: Plato’s Cave and Cinema is an obtainable and interesting new contribution to film-philosophy, which indicates that to take movie heavily is usually to interact with the basic questions of philosophy. Nathan Andersen brings Stanley Kubrick’s movie A Clockwork Orange into philosophical dialog with Plato’s Republic, evaluating their contributions to topics equivalent to the character of expertise and that means, the nature of justice, the distinction among visual appeal and fact, the significance of artwork, and the influence of images.
At the guts of the ebook is a unique account of the analogy among Plato’s allegory of the cave and cinema, built along with a provocative interpretation of the main strong photo from A Clockwork Orange, during which the lead personality is strapped to a chair and compelled to observe violent movies.
a entire bibliography of urged readings on Plato, on movie, on philosophy, and at the philosophy of film
a checklist of instructed motion pictures that may be explored following the strategy during this e-book, together with short descriptions of every movie, and proposals relating to its philosophical implications
Offering a detailed interpreting of the debatable vintage movie A Clockwork Orange, and an introductory account of the critical subject matters of the philosophical vintage The Republic, this ebook should be of curiosity to either students and scholars of philosophy and movie, in addition to to readers of Plato and lovers of Stanley Kubrick.
Description:	The complex consists of twenty backup columns at the height of: 2600 mm -6 pieces, 2300 mm-1 piece, 2000 mm-3 pieces, 1400 mm-4 piece, 1100 mm- 4 piece, 450 mm -2 pieces.The complex includes swedish wall, two classical monkey bars, inclined monkey bar, three pull-up bars, multi-width parallel bars, multi-height parallel bars, climb-down bars and inclined parallel bars with bench. Distance between multi-width parallel bars- 1208mm at one end and 608mm- at another end. Inclined parallel bar and inclined monkey bar height difference- 966mm. Multi- height parallel bar height difference -300mm. All parallel bar lenght- 1790mm, diameter- 42mm. Crossbar lenght: 2 pieces- 500mm, 3 pieces- 1200mm, diameter 34mm. All bars and sections are fixed to backup columns by means of collars. Weight 758.10 kg.
Additional camera features Full 1080p HD video recording, Auto focus, Cheese shutter, Panorama shot, BSI sensor, Geotagging, Gesture shot, 4x digital zoom
Additional features Pre-set equalizer (in headset mode): Off, Bass reducer, Treble booster, Bass booster, Vocal booster, Headset enhancer, Custom, Music player sleep timer
Episode Choose Your Story Gems Passes Hack Tool are designed to assisting you while playing Episode Choose Your Story very easily. It will be setting up resources for Gems and Passes with a ton amounts availabe each day. We are going to sorry that we can't provide unlimited amount yet. However don't get worried, how many quantity are still much sufficient to play Episode Choose Your Story simply with out ordering any kind of buy-in-app-services that the developer's offer.
This Episode Choose Your Story Hack Tool tend to be designed and tested by our own exclusive squad. Running properly at Android Phone, Tablets (any operating system version), iPhone, apple ipad, iPad Mini and all other. Like we have described previously mentioned, you should not improve your own personal gadget's program (i. e. root, jailbreak). Beautifully made with excellent user-friendly user interface that make you easy to use Episode Choose Your Story Hack Tool. Along with Anti Ban™ security, your Episode Choose Your Story Profile is going to be as safe as play generally. The host is actually running AVAILABLE 24/24 AND 7/7, consequently don't worry about the moment you are going to work with this Episode Choose Your Story Hack Tool.
Stats : 904806 Gems and 904806 Passes free generated today. | this awesome hack was created by our developers, which allows you to unlock or get completely free In-App purchases in your game.
Soupe à la grimace Les «directives anticipées», c’est prévoir à l’avance les mesures thérapeutiques qu’on approuve ou pas pour soi. Une aînée témoigne au JT de la RTS: «J’ai peur de me retrouver dans un EMS, nourrie à la cuillère.» Et encore, il paraît que dans certains établissements, on sert la soupe à la fourchette! RMR Stauffer, le retour Cette semaine, Eric Stauffer a fait paraître un encart dans la
Halo! in the morning. Monday, April 30th 2018.22:01:11 PM Tо be exact. This article uploaded by Annefa Simpson & have 38 high-def photo
i am be sure This article is a great for yous design and style foreseeable future, to look at the main article 1st Grade Math Word Problems Worksheets Picture . We belief This motivate yous to be used in yous house
The Actives, hailing from Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland were formed in 1981 by friends & roadies of already established anarcho-punk band, The Alternative. The inaugural line-up was Budgie, (Alan Burgess), on bass; Paul `Kirky` Kirk on drums & Lewis (Kennedy) on vocals. Main influences were the Damned, The Ramones & Motorhead. A number of temporary guitarists came & went until Graeme `Smed` Smith, (aka Smedley Feedback), joined in 1982. They quickly recorded a couple of demos Read more on Last.fm
The Actives, hailing from Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland were formed in 1981 by friends & roadies of already established anarcho-punk band, The Alternative. The inaugural line-up was Budgie, (Alan Burgess), on bass; Paul `Kirky` Kirk on drums & Lewis (Kennedy) on vocals. Main influences were the Damned, The Ramones & Motorhead. A number of temporary guitarists came & went until Graeme `Smed` Smith, (aka Smedley Feedback), joined in 1982.
They quickly recorded a couple of demos, the second of which impressed enough to see them secure a publishing deal with Strategy Music in London co-helmed by Charlie Casey, bass-player w/ Menace. A recording deal w/ Quiet Records, a subsidiary of the larger Illuminated Records, followed shortly after. (see discography below). In 1984, after two e.p.`s and a (very badly recorded) LP, Lewis departed to sunnier climes, i.e., Spain. Rice, (Eric Beveridge) ex-The Alternative, joined on vocals.
6 months later Kirky upped sticks & joined legendary Edinburgh punk/goth band, Twisted Nerve. He was replaced by ex-Skeptix/Shattered Family drummer, Mole, (Craig Harrower). Taking over on vocals was their, by-now-infamous manager, Sconey, (Stephen McKeown). They continued intermittently until late 1986.
Kirky re-joined on a temporary basis in mid 1985 & then Mole stepped in once again. Memorable highlights include almost fusing the electrical supply @ the Venue in Glasgow in 1983, (don`t ask!), whilst supporting the Abrasive Wheels and blowing the Toy Dolls off the stage of the Metro in Rosyth, Fife in 1985. Numerous support slots with more well-known British punk bands of the time were attained, and certainly a fun time was had by all. When they were sober/ straight enough to remember, that is.
2004. (Marbled Vinyl). Paul (Thomsen) Kirk later re-appeared on the musical radar in 2003 w/ a solo release, "Trace Elements", under the moniker, AKATOMBO, on Colin Newman`s, (WIRE front-person), SWIM label. He still records & releases under that name.
He resides in Hiroshima, Japan. Sconey drives very large trucks in Canada. Smed, Lewis, Budgie & Rice are still in the Dunfermline area. Mole was last seen in Edinburgh playing a mean game of pool. Read more on Last.fm. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply..
Adina Howard (born November 14, 1974 in Grand Rapids, Michigan) is a R&B/Pop/Hip-Hop singer-songwriter. Her debut album Do You Wanna Ride?, with the hit single "Freak Like Me", was released in 1995 and achieved high sales figures. The song "Freak Like Me", as well as Howard's image, can be described as hyper-sexual. It can be said that she opened the door for female rap artists to incorporate sexually explicit material into their works in the future. Read more on Last.fm
Adina Howard (born November 14, 1974 in Grand Rapids, Michigan) is a R&B/Pop/Hip-Hop singer-songwriter. Her debut album Do You Wanna Ride?, with the hit single "Freak Like Me", was released in 1995 and achieved high sales figures. The song "Freak Like Me", as well as Howard's image, can be described as hyper-sexual. It can be said that she opened the door for female rap artists to incorporate sexually explicit material into their works in the future.
A second album, Welcome to Fantasy Island garnered a couple critical raves, but was shelved by Elektra Records in 1997, due to their decision that the album 'did not contain any other singles'. In 2003, news of her third album hit with various album title changes throughout the year from "Ride Again: 7/2" to "Two Can Play That Game". During this year, she also filmed an independent film called Casanova's Demise co-starring Greg Horos. By 2004, Howard officially released her third album (now called The Second Coming) under Rufftown Records. With the distribution label and the record label in conflict, the album suffered without any publicity and a video "Nasty Grind" played on BET during early morning hours. Even with the lack of publicity, it gathered over 40,000 units on store shelves. The year 2005, was to be the release of The Second Coming: Remixed but that project was shelved to make way for a new full-length album, Private Show.
Along with a new album, Howard worked with Walid Azami to bring documentaries for her fansite. This is an attempt to explain her side of the story and show the fans how the album was made. The promo single "Phone Sex", (a #1 Ringtone) was released in September 2006. After delays, the album "Private Show" was issued on June 27, 2007 with the proper lead single, "L.O.V.A." It managed to peak #17 on iTunes R&B music sales chart. However, the album "Private Show" missed the Billboard 200 and R&B Albums chart altogether.
The sold a few thousand copies. Shortly thereafter, her and Arsenal Records parted ways. On September 25, 2009, an independent compilation, "Independent Soul Divas 2" was issued on Lola Waxx Records. This compilation features "What Do I Do", a song recorded by Howard in 2008.
The version included on the compilation is different from the version originally featured on her Official MySpace profile. According to Adina's official website, in addition to getting married, she went back to school to study Culinary Arts, she is in the early stages of creating a possible fourth studio album. Visit http://www.adinahoward.com/ Adina's offiicial website. Read more on Last.fm.
This is an incorrect artist tag for Richard Kiley or Mitch Leigh. If this non-artist appears in your charts, do last.fm and yourself a favor. Fix your tags by putting the actual artist name in the artist field. Read more on Last.fm
This is an incorrect artist tag for Richard Kiley or Mitch Leigh. If this non-artist appears in your charts, do last.fm and yourself a favor. Fix your tags by putting the actual artist name in the artist field. Read more on Last.fm.
Will Dailey (born 1976 or '77) is an independent American recording artist, performer and producer. He has released albums with Universal, CBS Records, Wheelkick Records and JS Music Group. Breaking from an approach they employed on their last series of recordings, Will Dailey and his musical cohorts don't stick to one simple theme, emotion, genre, or style this time out. Rather, the Boston group incorporates elements of introspective folk and invigorating pop into one big rock 'n' roll ride. Read more on Last.fm
Will Dailey (born 1976 or '77) is an independent American recording artist, performer and producer. He has released albums with Universal, CBS Records, Wheelkick Records and JS Music Group. Breaking from an approach they employed on their last series of recordings, Will Dailey and his musical cohorts don't stick to one simple theme, emotion, genre, or style this time out. Rather, the Boston group incorporates elements of introspective folk and invigorating pop into one big rock 'n' roll ride.
When Will Dailey entered a Somerville, MA studio with The Rivals and producer Tom Polce in October 2010, he had one goal. "I wanted to shy away from the singer-songwriter side of things and make a real rock and roll record... the ‘roll' seems to have disappeared from a lot of rock, and we've made it part of our mission to bring it back," the singer, guitarist and lead songwriter declares. "The songs may unfold themselves in many different ways, but the music needed to be high-energy, adventurous, and get right to the heart of the matter." The band accomplished their mission with flying colors.
Hunkering down for four marathon weeks in the studio, Dailey, Dave Brophy [drums], Matt Pynn [guitar], and Matt Tahaney [bass] poured their hearts into making a record that reflects the band members' intense devotion to the songs and belief in rock'n'roll. "The whole recording experience was us in a room struggling, arguing, and having beautiful moments together at the same time," Dailey recalls. "It's a real band record, and that's why it's called Will Dailey & The Rivals. This music is who we are.
It's like Mission Impossible where I have these staple sidekicks. These guys have stuck it out with me for a long time and we're all immensely proud of what we've made." Dailey certainly has come a long way to arrive at his major label debut. He released a series of critically acclaimed records through the relaunched, and now independent, CBS Records. In the process, he was honored with two Boston Music Awards for Best Male Singer-Songwriter and was lauded by Rolling Stone, People Magazine, The Boston Globe, and numerous other publications.
Meanwhile, his music was featured on more than 50 different television shows such as MTV's The Hills, NCIS, 90210, CSI: Miami, Eli Stone, CSI: New York, and more. After the band finished recording their third effort, Universal Republic Records executives heard the music and instantly signed them in early 2011. Will Dailey & The Rival's first single, "Counting on Karma," opens up a new chapter. A sunny acoustic guitar shimmers alongside Dailey's soaring refrain as the song paints a cinematic picture of waiting, optimistically, for "the one." Hang tight pretty young girls That ain't every guy in the whole wide world Sometimes he's standing in the corner Counting on karma to bring you over It's a lush pop rock gem that's as infectious as it is inviting.
About the song, Dailey says, "A dear friend of mine had this diatribe about how girls never go for the nice guy. I didn't buy the concept at first though, and he responded, 'I'll just count on karma'. That conversation stuck with me, and the song is focused on that feeling for all of the guys and girls out there who've discovered that sometimes, the first or most aggressive person in line isn't always the best choice. Sometimes it is the one standing in the corner." The rest of the record is filled with songs whose universal themes are sure to resonate with listeners.
"Big Bright Sun" is a pensive anthem that takes flight on another massive chorus, while "Best Friend" and “No Fiction" respectively chronicle the positive and darker sides of social media and online encounters. Album opener "How Good It Feels" saw Dailey enlist the help of the first chairs of The Boston Symphony Orchestra to add an epic flare to the song's arrangement. "It was special to compose this majestic thing and have real pros play it," smiles Dailey. "It opens the album on this very honest statement.
It's about how the trip itself feels so good. You're not going anywhere in particular or wishing you'd changed things in the past. Don't punish yourself with hindsight or stress about tomorrow. Enjoy, it's about the journey.
I like setting the pace for the album that way." He also sets the pace similarly on stage. With uncontainable charisma and energy, he's won over audiences supporting Neil Young, Willie Nelson, John Mellencamp, and Dave Matthews Band at their historic Farm Aid benefit concerts. In addition, Dailey will soon be heard collaborating with Stephen King and Mellencamp on a highly anticipated project produced by T Bone Burnett. Ultimately, this album is truly designed as an adventure for Will Dailey & The Rivals to share with fans.
"I hope the album is a ride people want to take again and again," he concludes. "I'd love for people to reach the end and press 'play' one more time." Read more on Last.fm. User-contributed text is available under the Creative Commons By-SA License; additional terms may apply..
Interested in the future of mobile learning and the technology that drives it? I am geoff stead. This is a vintage blog of mine I'm reviving for m-learning thoughts that stray beyond the day job. You can find my work with enterprise mobile learning at WorkLearnMobile.org, and in english language learning over at beta.cambridgeenglish.org
Most of them are Windows Mobile, which means they are fairly power hungry, and need regular charging, but with this many devices, how do you safely and securely avoid tripping over cables, and sitting on devices?
Plan 1: is our magical, homemade cupboard. It gets rave reviews by the visitors to our office. If you have ever had to look after multiple devices, you will know why!
Plan 2: A bloke called tony has made a mobile version in a toolbox! I just discovered it on his learninginhand blog.
Heading home. The mess on Wall Street has made me uncomfortable for too many weeks now. The market has been up only for one week and down for like five weeks. I fell for the sucker Bull Rally, again, and I expect next year will be worse than this. I’m heading home to save up a few bucks for shorter, more focused moto road trips.
It’s been a good journey and I’ve seen lots of new sights and met several interesting people. It has also been good to have made it back to some places that I have not explored for many years.
I left Estes Park on US 34, the Big Thompson Canyon route, always a good ride. The frost objective road for today is the part of CO 72 that I missed when I went to Boulder few days ago. At Longmont I took CO 66 West to get CO 7 at Lyons. Lyons appears to be attempting to become a Yuppie-like place at this important intersection. I stopped at the local food market / deli to get a snack and coffee for brunch and pack a sandwich to eat at the side of the road later in the day. And re-stocked my supply of chilled Starbuck’s products to sip when I stop to let the joy sink in.
CO 7 goes up a canyon from Lyons, much like CO 119 down into Boulder. This canyon is not quite as tight as the Boulder ride, and it’s a very pleasant putt-putt up the stream to the intersection with CO 72. Apparently there has been mining all over these mountains down through Central City and Black Hawk. Ward is an interesting example. A very off-the-grid kind of rugged and rough place high in the mountains.
Soon I’m back to CO 119 at Eldora and heading back toward Central City, the old-mining-now-gaming town. These old roads just West of the Fort Collins, Loveland, Longmont, Boulder, Denver axis are located in some of the more spectacular country side. I suspect that CO 72 into Denver is another good ride. The road-surface quality is varied, but generally not bad.
This time I decide to check out Black Hawk. What the gaming opportunities have done to this place is amazing. The old road, replaced by the Central City Parkway, goes through Black Hawk. When the gaming industry decided to develop in Black Hawk, the narrow canyon was simply too narrow. So, the walls of the canyon were blasted out to make room for the mega-size gaming establishments. Triple ugly. There’s no land for large parking areas in these canyons, so the industry builds large multiple-level parking garages adjacent to the main casino buildings. Shuttle buses run between the various gaming locations and up to Central City.
Not wanting to take the Big Road US 285 again, I head West to Dillion to get CO 9 over Hoosier Pass ( 11, 541 ft ) and ride down to Fairplay. And then putt-putt on into Salida for the night. The huge valleys surrounded by mountains always provide amazing sights.
We already knew real dolls but now women can also “create” their prince of wax, or rather silicone, à la carte as these gentlemen. Vice’s journalists have even made a report on this new phenomenon which, it must be admitted, is a bit scary!
More than a sexual object, the creators of real dolls like to highlight the fact that they make the ideal spouse. Created to order on the imagination of its recipient, each doll is a unique model. Its owner has indeed the choice and his say on every detail, whether it is his hair, the color of his eyes, his hair or even the size of his sex, no aspect is left to chance. As for the genitals, they are very realistic and planned for their owner to use them as a sex toy.
Yet so far the love dolls were exclusively men’s business. Following the many requests from women, Synthetics, a company in America decided to market dolls that meet the needs and desires of women.
According to experts, women, unlike men, would ask for “dolls with defects, imperfect “for more realism. The male dolls therefore have additional options such as scars, exposed veins or spots freckles. Gabriel is the perfect example. Pure creation of the company Synthetics, the doll does not owe its name to chance since it refers to the eponymous archangel. Indeed, according to his manufacturers, he would be an angel who “will liberate women “.
Jessica Ryan is one of the few women who have agreed to testify about having ordered a love doll. As per her explanation, the sex friends are either too loose, or they are attached. The doll man is a perfect in-between, it brings the sex when that’s what you want and it’s there too when it’s not what you want. Indeed, the sex of the male dolls is planned so that their owner uses them like a sex toy.
Besides, Jessica does not hesitate to compare the relationship she has with her latex man to rendezvous on dating apps: as a woman, it’s a lot easier to have a sex robot than to see a Tinder date.
Sometimes requests are eccentric, but for just under 12,000 dollars, Synthetics is ready to respond to any request. The techno- pornographic industry is booming and is making big money. The commercialization of sex dolls may well increase considerably in view of the number of orders placed that are more numerous each day. The companies specializing in the making of these dolls like no other do not hide their hope to see in 20 years the Man live love stories with these robots.
The world has just removed one of the greatest maxims of our childhood: “men do not play the doll”. No, for us, it should rather be good-natured men, in honor of masculinity. However, today, men have found a new toy. Representations of women with well-defined curves and wavy hair; sex dolls and as if it were not enough to kill the pseudo dogma, it had to be transcribed in a vicious way. Thus, sex dolls have emerged and are becoming more and more popular. Or maybe, a nuance between men and boy is needed.
For the record, the first references to sex dolls are of maritime origin: the sailors created with the help of old clothes female dolls for sexual use, which they nicknamed “Lady of travel”. Travel lady goes into industrial production in the years 1930-1940. With names such as “Sexy Dolly” or “Little Betty”, these simulacra can simulate the entire body or just a pelvic (rarely a face) part with one or more holes (penis, anus or mouth) to allow penetration.
The first inflatable dolls were made of vinyl (today considered as low-end). Then, latex replaced vinyl. Today, we are at the age of the molded silicone doll. They can be very realistic, with the face and body modeled on real women, with a particularly realistic skin (similar to that used for the special effects of certain films), and with real hair (or very realistic). Dolls can be dressed in real clothes to increase realism.
Today, studies are being made to overcome the passivity of these sex dolls. It could be remedied by the creation of sex robots in the form of humanoids (android and gynoid) but many steps are still needed.
It’s true, the sex toys were designed to complete the little lack that can leave a partner less willing to sex than us. But above all, to complement if not embellish the torrid moments shared by two. Thus, one gets tired less because of the routines “she on him” and “him on her”.
In addition, the foreplay is the stage at which one discovers the body of his wife, the little things that she likes; but also where the bodies are ready for fusion, when, of course, there is enough time to take part in this ritual. Many of these sex toys were also made for this step.
Elsewhere, they are on sale almost everywhere. Here, considering that sex is still taboo; they are found in hidden shops or online. Acquiring them, however, is not a criminal act that should be banned. On the contrary, it is good for some couples who, satisfied, let themselves be less tempted to go elsewhere.
What makes us crazy now is probably the passage of the doll silicone that gives it a look could not be more realistic. The specialists have set to work to make the gender aspect as realistic as possible even that of the very appearance of the host. And that’s where you have to be careful.
This representation pushed a little closer to reality raises questions. Indeed, it is as if one would like to have a proper substitution of the woman. And there, the risk of isolating men from women becomes even greater. Because, in fact, these dolls offer something to caress and touch, where the flesh light offered only a manual masturbator. Remember that masturbation is one of the causes of this isolation. Others will find, through these dolls, the opportunity to take revenge on all their gamins. A new sexual orientation itself is being named: Digi-sexuality. Also, one would have learned that in Botswana a man divorced from his wife for a sex doll.
This is to wonder: with the advancement of technology, what will happen when these dolls can talk and / or moan? In a world where morals are becoming more and more strange, pay attention to the habits and gear we adopt because more and more, the technological advance alienates us.
I don't have any time at the moment but in August I am taking a bit over a month off to focus on my game. My game uses Spritemanager quite a bit, and so far I am controlling it all through script. However, I'd be willing to pay someone (neg. depending on exactly how many actions it would add up to) to create these custom actions for me so that they are ready by the time my time off work starts. This way I can keep creating at the speed that PM allows me to without having to write up the actions myself (and I am not a great scripter). I'd need these done by August 8th. There might be other custom actions I would like as well, but I would pay another fee for that.
Added benefit is that I would share these actions with the community for free so you while you'll get some extra cash you'd also help out the Playmaker community. I just want a comprehensive set of actions to control the various parameters in SM2. I'll specify a list to the person that would be interested. Basically it would be being able to specify what animation to play, set what frames to play between, play backwards or forwards, loop types, plane, winding, color, width/height... that's roughly it, I'd have to think if there's anything I am missing.
PS. I am aware of the Spritemanager action that is out there. It doesn't do nearly enough unfortunately, though it is a great starting point.
I'm very much looking forward to the garbage collecting being fixed as well as copying actions. I know there's a lot of other features that you've mentioned but I was wondering how many features are you going to implement before you release the next version? I don't need a date or anything, but are we talking 1 week, a few weeks, a month or, please no, a few months?
Copying actions is a feature I miss constantly! All the other features are important too, but that one is one that I miss all the time.
To have an overview graph of all your FSM's in one graph (without the states) but perhaps showing a connection line if certain FSMs relate to other FSMs through sending/getting variables. I can make a photoshop mockup if it doesn't make sense. The more FSM's I create the more I feel that this would be necessary and useful. If I name my FSMs well then an overview would really help me jump around all the FSMs in my project. Then if I want to edit one FSM I double click on it and it brings me to that FSM.
I have other organization ideas too, like the way the connection lines work between states. In Nuke (high end compositing package) you can add a point in the middle of the connection line between the states so you can control the flow of the lines a bit more. Again I can provide a screenshot if that would help. At the moment I don't feel like I can always control my states the way I'd like to in order to make the FSM appear clean.
In 3dsmax, the 3D package I use in my work, there's a great controller called a "noise float". Basically what I would want is to be able to control a value over time in an interpolated random fashion similar to the screen-shot I posted below. If this could be implemented as a float and maybe int (though I guess you could use convert the float to int if you needed to) that would be a bonus.
I find myself re-doing the same actions quite often and would to have the ability to copy one action and then paste it in another state. This is different than saving a whole state or FSM, but just the action and its values. Also being able to copy just a single state with included actions would greatly speed up workflow.
Sometimes you have a lot of variables and it's a bit of a pain to re-create all the variables. Even better would be if you would be given the choice to add a prefix in case you want this new FSM's variables to be distinctive.
These two are at the very top of my list . I am trying to see if I can do some myself but I got limited time and I'm not a very experienced coder.
I would love to start being able to create my own custom actions, and I was wondering if you could explain it to someone who knows C# coding a bit but is far from proficient at it. I've look at the Actions and tried to figure out by myself but I was hoping you could provide a very basic example explaining how each part works. Here's an example bit of code I would like to make into an action:
I use this in my 2D game to set which objects gets rendered in what order. It works great and I would love to create an action out of this. If I understand how it works, maybe I could start creating some iTween actions as well. In the action above I would like to be able to specify a gameobject (or use the owner of the script) and then set it layer order.
Another example I'd like to put in as an action, I could be wrong but don't think it's available, is this:
This would be cleaner than doing a float/int compare action. If you could explain a couple of examples of how to turn two pieces of code like this into actions, I could start producing actions of my own that I would share with the community.
And lastly, what about an iTween action so maybe I could start on some that I would like to use? Maybe this one to get me started:
In this web page we provide some most. Create a free account and sex lies and online dating ebook real life swingers through adults personals, clubs, parties and more. Everything you need to start your sexual revolution. Halo 4 matchmaking settings as halo 4 matchmaking settings institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries.
From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Bible verses about dating and relationships Try to find anything about dating in the Bible, you will not find anything. Nor will you find anything about Sub-pages This page applies to the main series. For Fridges specific to fluorine analysis relative dating particular entry, go to the following: South Park: Bigger, Longer amp; Uncut … Why are single moms the perfect fuck buddies.
I've heard this rumor a lot, not only on the internet, also from people I know. I've heard some guys at work talking. Top 10 Adult Dating Sites reviews the top adult dating websites. Let us help you find the best sex sites for hookups. Shashi Kapoor cremated: Amitabh, Abhishek, Saif, Ranbir at the crematorium.
Go check it out. [SI] First pictures of Prince Harry and girlfriend Meghan Markle as pair seen out on date together in London Cozy up to heaping plates of pasta, crisp fried chicken and golden waffles, and more comforting dishes at these Food Network-approved spots across the country. Thai dating sites directory and reviews. Meet sexy single Thai girls, hot Asian ladies and cute ladyboys for friendship, dating, romance and marriage. Jun 05, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Am I Dating the Right Person. - How to Know if You're Dating a Man or a Boy - Duration: 5:43. The Ladies Coach 9,486 views 1. Connectingsingles - One Of The Best Date Sites Online 100 Free Online Dating Site. With loads of quality features to help you connect with friends and singles in. Celebrity hookup news, biographies, latest photos, dating and relationships, funny quotes, baby news, birthdays and anniversaries - FamousHookups. com Dotdashs brands help over 100 million users each month find answers, solve problems, and get inspired. Dotdash is among the fastest-growing publishers online. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas. Spread the loveWhen the topic sttings dating separated and divorced men esttings up, one of the questions I get halo 4 matchmaking settings often halo 4 matchmaking settings, How mathmaking contact should he be having current dating sites in nigeria. Footnotes. 1 Halo 4 matchmaking settings, meaning quot;Born of the Lotusquot;, is Pe-ma lung-ne in Tibetan. Many titles and names have been applied to him. Charlotte's online dating bankers station featuring CBS Sports and local team broadcasts. James Duncan mafchmaking Halpert (born October 1, 1978) settibgs fictional character played by John Krasinski. The latest news in entertainment, dating macedonian culture, celebrity gossip, movies, music, books and tv reviews. Faces is macthmaking free to join and browse your matches, segtings unique dating algorithm will help you halo 4 matchmaking settings find LOVE. And unlike other sites if you. A large library maychmaking pick-up artists. Over 822 pdf yalo on dating and seducing women. Modern and classic books, articles, videos, a matchmmaking collection of PUA celebrities. A cruise among focus missionary dating fast islands of the Canadian Arctic aboard matchmakng Sea Adventurer, beginning in Kangerlussuaq, Greenland asansol dating ending in Resolute Bay, Nunavut. Colorado classifieds. Post free ads for apartments, halo 4 matchmaking settings for rent, jobs, furniture, appliances, cars, pets and online dating for retired military for nalo. 10 Things Single Moms Want You to Know. Compliment us on both our parenting skills and our appearance. MilfDating. singles is listing the top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them. Try it to find a milf now. The Universe, Cosmos, Galaxies, Space, Black Holes, Earth, Planets, Moon, Stars, Sun Solar System You can download free HTML5 CSS website templates, responsive Bootstrap layouts from templatemo The Bible's teachings on marriage and divorce. Frequently Asked Questions. Is it a sin to marry again after divorce. Does the Bible say I can marry again if my. About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. Find out what happens at your 1st NHS ultrasound pregnancy scan, why it's called a dating scan and whether you find out your baby's sex I am 44 years old and entering the dating scene again for the first time in 25 years. Where do you go to meet someone at my age. I am not doing the online singles. Married amp; loving it. Sexy insights, inspiring stories and insightful advice to rock your marriage.
BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - Matcnmaking, APA, Chicago, Harvard Discover our 20 picks matchmakung the best and absolutely free dating sites mark. full size hook up connector online. Find out which is right for you spped dating montpellier finally find your love online.
Get the latest celebrity news and hot halo 4 matchmaking settings gossip with exclusive stories and pictures from Us Weekly. College Basketball Michael McCammon Video: Louisville players discuss 71-62 win over Indiana. Louisville players following a 71-62 win over Indiana 100 seftings dating is really free and many people find settongs quite helpful and exciting.
Read what you can do at free sex dating sites. Love has the power to drive you crazy, to sweep you off your feet. Reach out to your loved one with these cute, crazy hao heartfelt ecards and tell your sweetheart. Free Sex - Adult Friend Finder is your source for swingers, free adult chat and sex personals. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans halo 4 matchmaking settings two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Online Guide for Bi - Best Bisexual Dating Sites Reviews 2017. If you happen to be a bisexual or a bi-curious single, then we have something interesting for you. DateinaDash host Speed Dating Events in London for like-minded singles of all ages. Halo 4 matchmaking settings Dating London is the ideal way halo 4 matchmaking settings meet new halo 4 matchmaking settings, in a halo 4 matchmaking settings and. News on Japan, Business News, Opinion, Sports, Entertainment and More This is an authorized Web site of Jehovahs Witnesses.
It is a research tool for publications matchmakig various languages produced by Jehovahs Witnesses. Online Sex And Adult Only Dating Website for Australian Singles and Couples Sicily's ONLY monthly online magazine published in English (in Sicily). The screws tighten against German Jewry, culminating hook up glass the Night of Broken Glass. Although we're pretty lucky to halo 4 matchmaking settings access to hundreds of singles setttings all of these dating apps out there, it's important to take a break from online dating from time.
Anniversary coming up. Read these 10 romantic wedding or dating anniversary ideas for couples. Hako unique and fun, yet cheap to help you save money too. Try settinvs experts' top picks of hapo best online dating sites for black singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Mar 05, 2009nbsp;0183;32;Hi All I have changed from a linksys router over to the new home hub V2, and my XBOX is hard wired.
When I try to log into Xbox live the screen. Would you like to know these 11 signs livelinks dating site your ex has moved on so that you can get over them easily. If so, keep reading halo 4 matchmaking settings discover whether they ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah.
100 free dating is really free and many people find it quite helpful and exciting. Read what you can do at free sex dating sites. Welcome to Harley Davidson Dating Club. HarleyDavidsonDating. com is launched for matchmakint Harley riders to meet up for love and more. Members in this online club can. Test your knowledge with amazing and interesting facts, trivia, quizzes, and brain teaser games on MentalFloss. com. The only Christian church in the Indian village of Tadur in Telangana state has reportedly been burned down by Hindu radicals.
January (Number 309) GWR 'King' 4-6-0 No. 6006 King George I is monarch of all it surveys at … Pippa Middleton and James Matthews have been extremely quiet ever since they got married. After all the flurry of the wedding, honeymoon, and their favorite sporting. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The official Microsoft Outlook app for Android phones and tablets. 10 December 2017. Chandler Riggs news, gossip, photos of Chandler Riggs, biography, Chandler Riggs girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Chandler Riggs. 11 December 2017. Sanaa Lathan news, gossip, photos of Sanaa Lathan, biography, Sanaa Lathan boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Sanaa Lathan relationship list. Welcome to Twenty. com where you will find info for the best online dating sites, social chat, and lists of fun sites. When you are looking at hook up sites in the UK you will notice that you have a lot of options. The world is all virtually powered these days and the dating world is. There's a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much halo 4 matchmaking settings it to be truly helpful in dettings decision-making process. nalo Watch In Horror As Their Spoiled White Daughters Matchmakng Pounded By Huge Halo 4 matchmaking settings Cock. Feb 06, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Thanks halo 4 matchmaking settings the proliferation of online dating, would-be couples are now almost as likely to meet via email or a virtual quot;winkquot; as internet dating bandcamp are through friends. Bernard, Abbot and Doctor of the Church St. Bernard was born of noble parentage in Burgundy, France, in the castle of Fontaines near Dijon. Under the care of his. Pre-Adamic halo 4 matchmaking settings were there human beings on Settinys before Adam. by Russell Grigg. stock. xchng: hisks amp; Flickr: wayfaring strange. Could there have been human creatures. Norse Myths halo 4 matchmaking settings Realistic Illustrations of Norse mythology by Howard David Johnson, Norse settinvs art prints. Read online dating profile examples for women that will halo 4 matchmaking settings you how to transform your ty brown and elizabeth kitt dating halo 4 matchmaking settings into dating service for runners that blows away all other profiles. HarleyDatingSite. net is the first dating website for meeting local Harley riders and Harley singles. 100 free to place your Harley dating profile and start meeting. A porn directory listing free porn sites and popular premium sites. More than 500 in 30 categories including Tubes, Amateurs, Teens, BDSM and Hentai. Zoosk is an online dating service available in 25 languages and in more than 80 countries. The founders of the company are Shayan Zadeh and … Meet up with men and exchange small and large dick pics, large cock pictures, ad penis pictures of all sizes and shapes. Metallurgy is a domain of materials science and engineering that studies the physical and chemical behavior of metallic elements, their inter-metallic compounds, and. quot;She just started telling her friends she is pregnant,quot; a source tells PEOPLE of first-time mom-to-be Mindy Kaling, whose baby news went public Monday Various lists of 100 scientists who shaped world history. Plus a list of 48 scientists who were devout Christians, from the book Scientists of Faith, by Dan Graves. Ontario ( ɒ n ˈ t ɛər i oʊ ( listen); French: ), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is in east-central Canada. It is Canada's most populous.
Amateur Halo 4 matchmaking settings Only dating websites like okcupid sites with real homemade photos amp; vids: Readers Wives Online Fun free site for Amateurs, Exhibitionists, Swingers and Voyeurs to view. Finding a Philippines girl might sound easy but it's full of pitfalls. Discover the safe way from this real life account. Philippina dating done right.
10 Pinterest Charts That Will Help You Lose Weight. These diet and exercise charts are seriously helpful. Chennai (Tamil:சென்னை)formerly halo 4 matchmaking settings as Madras, this 369-year-old city best pictures for online dating the capital of the southern state of Tamilnadu and is India's sixth-largest.
Includes information on the department, teaching in the state, education reform initiatives, libraries, teacher certification, school profiles and employment. If you really love someone never let go, dont believe that letting go means that you love best, instead fight for your love, thats what true love is. Best Muslim Login Page - Muslim seeking another muslim to marry Sugar Mamas dot org is the best halo 4 matchmaking settings site for Sugar Mama to catch younger men.
Join for Free and find your perfect sugar halo 4 matchmaking settings online today. Researchers have discovered what may be halo 4 matchmaking settings worlds earliest images of dogs in northwestern Saudi Arabia. The depictions, carved into rocks at two sites in the. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more.
If more than one shows kang zhao online dating, then the card is capable of displaying to multiple monitors. If you only see one, then you should quit here because even though there are. Iam Roma ,from morocco ,I have 16 year oldi Why are there so many single mothers on dating sites acting and i hope to be a part of this show Gay Dating - We have thousands of gay personals questions for speed dating on this free gay dating website.
These sexy gay single men are looking for a gay match. Our online … Steel is an alloy of halo 4 matchmaking settings and carbon and other elements. Because of its high tensile strength and dating kalyan cost, it is a major component used in buildings, infrastructure. EliteSingles. com dating 187; join one of the best online dating sites for single professionals. Meet smart, single men and women in your city.
How to Safely Meet a Guy Through Internet Dating. Internet dating can lead to finding your love, and many times leads to marriage.
Local wizard Derek B has sprinkled his fairydust over the above image, and the results are pretty fantastic; for those who may not know (nor care), the picture originally appeared in Mojo, but was, unfortunately, unevenly spread over two pages, and overlaid with writing and visual garbage... which explains the fact that it is usually seen with only the right hand portion present, as that bit was relatively undespoiled (and also the pretty useless patch-job previously attempted on these pages). But here it now is in pristine hi-res.
The booth is actually very close to (the former site of) Mimi's house on Panorama Road; in fact, just round the corner:
George Santayana wrote not just vital works of philosophy but in addition a singular, poetry and masses literary feedback. during this portrait of Santayana's proposal and intricate character, Irvine Singer explores the whole variety of his harmonisation of the literary and the philosophical.
This number of severe essays explores new ways to the learn of avant-garde literature and artwork, movie and structure. It deals a theoretical framework that avoids narrowly outlined notions of the avant-garde. It takes under consideration the range of inventive goals and instructions of some of the avant-garde hobbies and encourages a large and open exploration of the multifaceted and sometimes contradictory nature of the good number of avant-gardist options. person essays pay attention to cubist university and dadaist photomontage, on summary portray through participants of the Dutch staff De Stijl, on verbal chemistry and dadaist poetry and on physique paintings from futurism to surrealism. furthermore, the gathering needs to open up the dialogue of the avant-garde to an intensive research of neo-avant-garde actions within the Fifties and Nineteen Sixties. for many years the appreciation of neo-avant-garde paintings and literature, movie and structure suffered from a common and all-inclusive rebuke. This quantity is designed to give a contribution to a step forward in the direction of a extra powerfuble and extra certain research of this examine box. Contributions comprise a dialogue of Warhol’s multiples in addition to Duchamp’s editioned readymades, varieties of concrete and electronic poetry in addition to the architectural “Non-Plan”. the most physique of the amount relies on shows and discussions of a three-day examine seminar held on the college of Edinburgh in September 2002. The study workforce shaped round the Avant-Garde venture at Edinburgh will proceed with its efforts to complicated a brand new idea of the avant-garde within the coming years. Contents Preface I. Theorising the Avant-Garde Dietrich SCHEUNEMANN: From university to the a number of. at the family tree of Avant-Garde and Neo-Avant-Garde Rhys WILLIAMS: Wilhelm Worringer and the old Avant-Garde Hubert van den BERG: at the Historiographic contrast among old and Neo-Avant-Garde II. Reviewing the Autonomy of paintings Michael WHITE: Abstraction, Sublation and the Avant-Garde: The Case of De Stijl David HOPKINS: Sameness and distinction: Duchamp’s Editioned Readymades and the Neo-Avant-Garde Ben HIGHMORE: Paint it Black: advert Reinhardt’s Paradoxical Avant-Gardism III. at the Alchemy of the observe Keith ASPLEY: Verbal Chemistry and urban Poetry Anna SCHAFFNER: How the Letters Learnt to bop: On Language Dissection in Dadaist, Concrete and electronic Poetry Jacob EDMOND: American Language Poetry and the Definition of the Avant-Garde IV. physique Arts Günter BERGHAUS: From Futurism to Neo-Futurism: Continuities and New Departures in Twentieth-Century Avant-Garde functionality Olga TAXIDOU: Actor or Puppet: The physique within the Theatres of the Avant-Garde Uta FELTEN: Fragmentation of the physique in Spanish Surrealism V. the leading edge in Cinema and structure David MACRAE: the skin of phantasm: Avant-Garde Apperception and Antecedence in Structural/Materialist movie Gérard LEBLANC: What Avant-Garde? Richard WILLIAMS: the bounds of “Non-Plan”: structure and the Avant-Garde VI. Crossing the Genres Jennifer VALCKE: Montage within the Arts: A Reassessment Tania ØRUM: potential and Metaphors of switch: expertise and the Danish Avant-Garde of the Nineteen Sixties Klaus BEEKMAN: Literature below the effect of movie: On Dutch Author-Critics of the Avant-Garde and Neo-Avant-Garde checklist of Illustrations Index
Download e-book for iPad: Economy of the Unlost: (Reading Simonides of Keos with Paul by Anne Carson
The historic Greek lyric poet Simonides of Keos was once the 1st poet within the Western culture to take cash for poetic composition. From this start line, Anne Carson launches an exploration, poetic in its personal correct, of the belief of poetic economic system. She bargains a analyzing of definite of Simonides&apos; texts and aligns those with writings of the trendy Romanian poet Paul Celan, a Jew and survivor of the Holocaust, whose "economies" of language are infamous. Asking such questions as, what's misplaced while phrases are wasted? and Who earnings while phrases are stored? Carson unearths the 2 poets&apos; notable commonalities.
In Carson&apos;s view Simonides and Celan proportion the same mentality or disposition towards the realm, language and the paintings of the poet. economic climate of the Unlost starts off by means of exhibiting how all the poets stands in a country of alienation among worlds. In Simonides&apos; case, the present economic climate of fifth-century b.c. Greece was once giving solution to one in line with funds and commodities, whereas Celan&apos;s existence spanned pre- and post-Holocaust worlds, and he himself, writing in German, turned estranged from his local language. Carson is going directly to reflect on a number of facets of the 2 poets&apos; innovations for coming to grips with the invisible in the course of the noticeable global. a spotlight at the style of the epitaph delivers insights into the types of trade the poets envision among the residing and the lifeless. Assessing the impression on Simonidean composition of the fabric truth of inscription on stone, Carson means that a necessity for brevity inspired the exactitude and readability of Simonides&apos; sort, and proposes a comparability with Celan&apos;s curiosity within the "negative design" of printmaking: either poets, even though in numerous methods, hire a type of unfavourable photograph making, slicing away all that's superfluous. This book&apos;s juxtaposition of the 2 poets illuminates their differences--Simonides&apos; primary religion within the energy of the be aware, Celan&apos;s final despair--as good as their similarities; it offers fertile floor for the virtuosic interaction of Carson&apos;s scholarship and her poetic sensibility.
Although Masonic ritual speaks of Freemasonry as an unchanging and unchanged institution, it has evolved over the centuries, and is expected to continue to evolve as a social institution. This paper looks as what Freemasonry might be like one hundred years from now. It examines what was actually “unchanging and unchanged” in the fraternity in the past, and what kinds of changes we can reasonably expect in the future. The paper is an update of the Anson Jones Lecture given at the Texas Lodge of Research by the author in 1994, and discusses the application of the concepts from “boundary theory” to the institution of Freemasonry.
John Cooper is a Past Grand Secretary of the Masonic Grand Lodge of California, having served for almost eighteen years when he retired in 2008. He holds a Ph.D. in Education from Claremont Graduate School, and before becoming Grand Secretary, he held various teaching and administrative posts in the public schools of California. A Mason since 1964, John served as Master of James A. Foshay Lodge No. 641 in Los Angeles, and is both a Thirty-Third Degree Mason in the Scottish Rite, and a Knight of the York Cross of Honor in the York Rite. His primary interest in Freemasonry has been the history and philosophy of the Craft, and he has published numerous papers on Freemasonry. He also served as Master of both Northern and Southern California Research Lodges, and is currently on the board of directors of the oldest Masonic research organization in the United States, the Philalethes Society.
17 years ago, on the 27th of February, 1999, my sister was born. Person who, beside my parents, has been my biggest support through these 17 years, a person on who I can always count on and that's why I decided to dedicate this post to her on her birthday and write reasons why I love her but of course there are far more than just 17!
10. She's never jealous on me, she's always happy and proud of my succees like I'm happy because of her.
Hi everyone! :) You could see this product or to be precise this hair color creme in my last post New! and I told you that I will write...
Recently I saw a new Liquid Metal Longlasting Cream Eyeshadow collection by Catrice and I bought the one in the shade 020 Champagne Sho...
After using it for a few times, today I'll be writing my first impressions about the Catrice HD Liquid Coverage foundation. This i...
My sister knows me too well and she always buys me amazing gifts. For Christmas she got me a Frozen bath bomb which you can find in Lush an...
I have never tried a peel-off mask but I always wanted. I haven't done any research on the Internet to find which one I should buy. I j...
As you can probably see from the title, it was my mum and dad's 18th wedding anniversary! My sister and I bought them key rings with en...
Anderson: Reference to northeast moose management is dubious in Minnesota's deer plan | Star Tribune
The most interesting part of the statewide draft deer management plan the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources released Monday concerned moose, not whitetails.
Near the end of the more than 40-page document, under the heading “Deer management in primary moose range,’’ is a recommendation to “manage deer in the primary moose range at levels consistent with the Moose Management Plan.’’
There is, however, as referenced two paragraphs later in the deer plan, a “current (2011) Moose Management Plan’’ — a northeast Minnesota blueprint the proposed deer plan rejects in favor of the imaginary “Moose Management Plan.’’
The distinction is important because for generations as many as 15,000 whitetail hunters have burnished deer-camp traditions in northeast Minnesota, and because in recent years the same hunters have been saddled — largely unfairly — with some of the blame for the state’s moose falloff.
Minnesota moose are in trouble. The iconic animals have disappeared from the northwest and have declined significantly in the northeast, numbering there most recently about 3,000, down from nearly 9,000 in 2006.
No one knows exactly why. Wolves kill some moose, especially calves. Bears also kill calves. Higher average temperatures, ticks, and habitat loss also might play roles.
Then there’s brainworm, a parasite carried benignly by deer but which disorients and ultimately (by one means or another) kills moose.
How brainworm finds its ways from deer to moose is complicated. Still, everyone agrees its incidence should be minimized.
The 2011 Moose Management Plan addresses the deer-moose-brainworm conundrum specifically, saying (1) that deer permit areas in the northeast should be realigned to delineate specifically a moose management area, and (2) that pre-hunt deer densities in the special moose area should be maintained at fewer than 10 per square mile.
The first of these recommendations occurred last year, when five reshuffled permit areas in the northeast were designated as a special moose management area. Deer remain in these areas, but due to harsh winters and aging forests, their numbers are among the lowest in the state — well below the pre-hunt 10-deer-per-square-mile recommendation in the 2011 moose plan.
Yet in the new moose zone, the DNR last fall allowed hunters in four of the five permit areas to kill antlerless deer (does) at will, while also issuing 400 antlerless permits in the fifth area. The DNR says these strategies reflected the aggregate preferences of regional stakeholders. Yet it remains true that those tactics are typically used to reduce deer numbers, not stabilize or increase them — suggesting a DNR effort, explicitly or implicitly, not to manage deer at or near the 10-animals-per-square-mile level, but below it, ostensibly to benefit moose and/or to assuage the concerns of moose enthusiasts.
• In 2009, now-retired DNR researcher Mark Lenarz reviewed studies of brainworm in moose relative to the presence of deer. Lenarz’s conclusion: “Based on our current knowledge, reductions in deer density on moose range will likely have little effect on the population status of moose in Minnesota.’’
• More recent research led by Michelle Carstensen of the DNR that chronicled virtually in real time the reasons moose have died recently in Minnesota concluded that brainworm played a role in up to a third of the deaths.
• Wolf researcher Dave Mech of the U.S. Geological Survey and the University of Minnesota concluded recently that “ ... Wolves, as in other areas, appear to have contributed to the decline in the northeastern Minnesota moose population at least in part through predation on calves, supporting earlier reports.’’
Now back to the just-released deer plan and its reference to managing “deer in the primary moose range at levels consistent with the Moose Management Plan,’’ rather than managing deer in moose range according to the 2011 moose plan.
Craig Engwall, executive director of the Minnesota Deer Hunters Association, was at the stakeholder meeting in which the deer plan’s moose reference was discussed. He argued that his group couldn’t agree to language regarding deer management in the moose zone if the language didn’t in fact exist.
He could, however, agree to deer management in the moose zone according to the 2011 moose plan, with its 10-deer-per-square-mile recommendation.
“If the DNR proposes to lower that number below 10 in some future moose plan, we assume there will be public input and everyone will have a say,’’ Engwall said. “We’re comfortable with the 2011 moose plan, but we would have to see any changes before we would agree to support a new plan.’’
Acting wildlife populations and programs manager Leslie McInenly and wildlife and research policy manager Lou Cornicelli, both with the DNR, said this week the 2011 moose plan was supposed to be revised in 2016, but staff shortages and other priorities prevented it.
When such a revision occurs, and it will, the amended plan presumably will become the heretofore amorphous “Moose Management Plan’’ that the draft deer plan referred to.
Which is fine — assuming the plan isn’t revised unilaterally by the DNR, but instead is updated after all relevant research is reviewed and all affected parties have had their say.
The bottom line is that deer hunters enjoy moose, just like everyone else, and want to see them remain on the Minnesota landscape.
In fact, through the state hunting group, hunters are heading up $8 million worth of moose-habitat development in the northeast — far more than anyone else in the state is doing to help these animals.
But that doesn’t mean they’re willing to write off, or significantly diminish, their long-held northeast Minnesota traditions by agreeing to a moose plan that doesn’t yet exist.
Could only name 3 on the bench in their 4-0 defeat to East Thurrock from National South yesterday. Waddock was moaning in post match interview about how bad injuries etc. I had a look on their forum and it doesn’t appear like there is any ££ spare to bring in reinforcements as they are using just an 18 man squad
They're expecting a "cash windfall" in the New Year as Louis Moult is leaving Motherwell for Preston for a fee of around £450,000 which will trigger a sell-on clause (not to be confused with Santa Claus!!!). Not sure how much they'll get.
Their gates are reasonable but, considering the start they made very disappointing, so I would expect the majority of the windfall to finance the rest of the season.
I Live not too far from Aldersh@t and have many of there supporters as friends, they are terrified of us. They expect us to push on in the new year 🍻
Good to hear, but they are a former League team too and no disrespect to all the other NL teams either. The good thing is we are in the mix with it all to play for.
Did Wrexham get a fee for Moult when he left?. I did not thing that sell on clauses applied when a player moves from a club outside the FA
Just been informed the the lad from Ipswich Town (Good midfield player) on loan at Aldershot has been recalled for the Wolves match
I thought he had signed for Celtic (from Ipswich) in the closed season but, cannot remember his name?
Mensah returned from injury recently and has started to score again and Idris Kanu the little 17 year old winger, signed for Peterborough and was involved in both FA Cup Games.
As stated, they and a number of others have 18 men squads leaving little slack for injuries, suspensions or loss of form.
Aldershot have passed the hat round fans, they are asking £500 from 200 fans, with the promise that it will be returned if they are promoted.
Aldershot have a history of such "Iffy" fundraising ways, over the years they had had some interesting financial dealings, and Chairmen
Have just watched the first half of Aldershot v Maidstone live on BT sport. 0-0 at half time. Shots have been the more attacking side and their movement up front has been decent but they havent really threatened. Maidstone are still well n truly in this game though and get the feeling they can catch the Shots on the break, they've had the best chance in the opening 45 mins. Maidstones away form is good so they have a chance of taking all the points.. The pitch at Aldershot is in fantastic condition.
Aldershot do have a great pitch, Chelsea under 21's play there, I believe they get the old Chelsea pitch when they change it.
Residential consumers and small businesses made 167,831 complaints to the Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman in the last financial year (1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018).
Complaints about phone and internet services increased by 6.2 per cent for the full year, however, complaints dropped by 17.8 per cent in the final quarter (April to June 2018) compared to quarter three (January to March 2018).
Publishing the Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman’s 2017-18 Annual Report today (17 October 2018), Ombudsman Judi Jones said, “The number of complaints about telecommunications services in Australia appear to be turning a corner.
“Declining complaints across all landline, mobile and internet services are a positive indicator of recent industry, government and regulator efforts to address the disruption to telecommunications products and services of the past few years.
“We all want to get to the same point, a positive consumer experience where expectations are more likely to be met. The Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman continues to be committed to reducing complaints, and our purpose and unique role remains clear – to ensure residential consumers and small businesses have access to a free, fair, independent and effective alternative dispute resolution service.”
52 potential systemic issues were notified to providers, and 30 systemic matters resulted in the provider agreeing to, or making, changes to its system, process or practice.
51,328 complaints were about mobile phone services (30.6 per cent), followed by complaints about multiple services 49,875 (29.7 per cent).
14,589 complaints were recorded in 2017/18 about establishing a connection to the National Broadband Network. Between 1 January and 30 June complaints per 1,000 premises added to the Network decreased from 9.2 to 9.0.
27,008 complaints were recorded in 2017/18 about Service Quality on the National Broadband Network. Between 1 January and 30 June complaints per 1,000 premises added to the Network decreased from 4.1 to 3.2
Complaints about no action or delayed action by a service provider to resolve phone or internet issues accounted for 34.1 per cent of total complaints.
Complaints about disputed charges for service or equipment fees accounted for 25.5 per cent of total complaints.
Complaints about delays connecting to or changing service providers accounted for 12.8 per cent of total complaints.
Complaints about no service at all, including no internet connection or no dial tone on their phone service, accounted for 12.5 per cent of total complaints.
Complaints about service drop outs, or instances where the service works one day but not the next, accounted for 10.1 per cent of total complaints.
Complaints from small businesses increased 8.7 per cent in 2017/18 to 20,433. This increase was driven largely by multiple phone and internet issues and landline service complaints.
The main issues affecting small businesses were no action or delayed action by their provider to resolve their phone or internet issue, followed by complaints about disputed charges for service or equipment fees.
Queensland recorded the highest growth in complaints, an increase of 13.2 per cent, followed by Western Australia with 10.7 per cent.
The highest proportion of complaints came from New South Wales with 31.6 per cent, followed by Victoria with 28.4 per cent.
Australian Capital Territory accounted for 1.5 per cent of total complaints, a year on year decrease of 5.6 per cent.
New South Wales accounted for 31.6 per cent of total complaints, a year on year increase of 4.9 per cent.
Northern Territory accounted for 0.6 per cent of total complaints, a year on year decrease of 0.1 per cent.
Queensland accounted for 19.6 per cent of total complaints, a year on year increase of 13.2 per cent.
South Australia accounted for 7.5 per cent of total complaints, a year on year increase of 1.1 per cent.
Victoria made accounted for 28.4 per cent of total complaints, a year on year increase of 9.3 per cent.
Western Australia accounted for 9 per cent of total complaints, a year on year increase of 10.7 per cent.
*From 1 July 2017, the Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman changed the categorisation of service types and issues about complaints received from residential consumers and small businesses.
The new categorisation has improved data collection, provided opportunities for better analysis of complaints, and improved reporting to the telecommunications industry, Government, and residential and small business consumers.
The Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman is a free and independent dispute resolution and complaint handling service for residential consumers and small businesses who have an unresolved complaint about their phone or internet service in Australia. www.tio.com.au or 1800 062 058.
Media enquiries to 0409 966 931 or 02 9288 4000.http://accan.org.au/index.phpThe Australian Communications Consumer Action Network (ACCAN) is Australia’s peak communications consumer organisation representing individuals, small businesses and not-for-profit groups as consumers of communications products and services.
Hey, you don't seem to be logged in. That means that any money you might have earned by clicking this leetle will disappear forever if you decide to click it!
Book now on The Victoria books are: But when Victoria discovers she has been betrayed by one of her most trusted allies, the truth will challenge all her powers as a Venator For the best experience, we recommend using one of the latest versions of the following supported browsers: Markham Blue Mountain Community College El Camino High School Instrumental Music George Stephenson High School California University of Pennsylvania Central High School, Hayneville, AL Gadsden State Community College See more Victoria Book 2 Urban Fantasy Paranormal Historical The Gardella Vampire Hunters Том 2.
Irma. Age: 19. I love to meet new people, I have an ingenious sense of humor and I am open-minded willing to try new things
That is hot when a wife friend or bestfrined give me hj bj and banging in indoors ,outdoors ,public and car and other vhichals
The Health 2.0 Middle East – Dubai Conference will feature an exciting keynote by Bill Davenhall on geomedicine. Mr. Davenhall served as the Global Health and Human Services Solutions Manager at ESRI the largest geographic information system (GIS) software developer in the world. The conference will be held 27th-28th January, 2013 at the majestic Jumeirah Beach Hotel.
Mr. Davenhall will describe his work in the field of geomedicine – the intersection of public health knowledge with personal medicine through the use of geography. Global health begins at home. The obligation of nations to help citizens have a safe, healthy passage through life is neither a small nor simple matter — not one taken lightly by the health authorities of the UAE. All of which are supporting and attending the Health 2.0 Middle East conference.
At the present time, very little health-relevant geographic information is available to a clinician at the time of a medical diagnostic encounter, and it is certainly not a typical part of a comprehensive medical record. Geomedicine uses modern information technology to deliver information on a patient’s potential environmental exposures into the hands of the clinician while they are in the examination room.
Mr. Davenhall will describe the uses of geographic information in disease surveillance and the growing use of GIS in today’s public and population health. GIS provides a powerful set of tools for understanding health risks to populations and for planning and evaluating interventions to improve population health.
Think of geomedicine as your personal health surveillance system, says Mr. Davenhall always turned on and always vigilant about sensing changes in your environments (communities, neighborhoods, households and worksites, both past and present) that might impact your health. Geomedicine has the capacity to become that platform — a new medical informatics specialty devoted to bringing all the data together intelligently to actually do something to help you and your doctor keep you healthy. Only though informed informational partnerships with our personal physicians and our public health professionals will we be better served by what is revealed through the modern geographic microscope!
Those who are building electronic health records (EHR)— supposedly for the benefit of patients and health-seeking consumers—must make sure we have a reliable way to link our personal place history to the sophisticated electronic health records they are building now, says Mr. Davenhall. The Health 2.0 conference will also feature a session exploring EHR applications and their most commonly used functions for supporting clinicians’ needs across the continuum of care.
That sounds awesome! Drop me a line on twitter (@leedsbookclub) or email so we can sort details!(leedsbookclub @ gmail.com)
LBC White Swan - TBA December 9, 2018 at 6:00 pm – 8:00 pm The White Swan, 5 Swan St, City Centre, Leeds LS1 6LG, UK
LBC Horsforth - Day of the Doctor - Steven Moffat November 14, 2018 at 7:30 pm – 9:30 pm The Black Bull, The Green, Horsforth, Leeds LS18 5JB, UK
© Lee, Golden Eagle, Guest Authors, Kid Writers, the Photographers and Lee’s Birdwatching Adventures Plus, 2008-2018. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Lee, Golden Eagle, Guest Authors, Kid Writers, the Photographers with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. Also, please honor the copyrights of articles we have received permission to use.
E do not think it at all amiss to say that this darling among song birds can be heard singing nearly everywhere the whole year round, although he is supposed to come in March and leave us in November. We have heard him in February, when his little feet made tracks in the newly fallen snow, singing as cheerily as in April, May, and June, when he is supposed to be in ecstasy. Even in August, when the heat of the dog-days and his moulting time drive him to leafy seclusion, his liquid notes may be listened for with certainty, while “all through October they sound clearly above the rustling leaves, and some morning he comes to the dogwood by the arbor and announces the first frost in a song that is more direct than that in which he told of spring. While the chestnuts fall from their velvet nests, he is singing in the hedge; but when the brush heaps burn away to fragrant smoke in November, they veil his song a little, but it still continues.”
While the Song Sparrow nests in the extreme northern part of Illinois, it is known in the more southern portions only as a winter resident. This is somewhat remarkable, it is thought, since along the Atlantic coast it is one of the most abundant summer residents throughout Maryland and Virginia, in the same latitudes as southern Illinois, where it is a winter sojourner, abundant, but very retiring, inhabiting almost solely the bushy swamps in the bottom lands, and unknown as a song bird. This is regarded as a remarkable instance of variation in habits with locality, since in the Atlantic states it breeds abundantly, and is besides one of the most familiar of the native birds.
The location of the Song Sparrow’s nest is variable; sometimes on the ground, or in a low bush, but usually in as secluded a place as its instinct of preservation enables it to find. A favorite spot is a deep shaded ravine through which a rivulet ripples, where the solitude is disturbed only by the notes of his song, made more sweet and clear by the prevailing silence.
I fancy many of the little folks who are readers of Birds are among my acquaintances. Though I have never spoken to you, I have seen your eyes brighten when my limpid little song has been borne to you by a passing breeze which made known my presence. Once I saw a pale, worn face turn to look at me from a window, a smile of pleasure lighting it up. And I too was pleased to think that I had given some one a moment’s happiness. I have seen bird lovers (for we have lovers, and many of them) pause on the highway and listen to my pretty notes, which I know as well as any one have a cheerful and patient sound, and which all the world likes, for to be cheered and encouraged along the pathway of life is like a pleasant medicine to my weary and discouraged fellow citizens. For you must know I am a citizen, as my friend Dr. Coues calls me, and all my relatives. He and Mrs. Mabel Osgood Wright have written a book about us called “Citizen Bird,” and in it they have supported us in all our rights, which even you children are beginning to admit we have. You are kinder to us than you used to be. Some of you come quickly to our rescue from untaught and thoughtless boys who, we think, if they were made to know how sensitive we are to suffering and wrong, would turn to be our friends and protectors instead. One dear boy I remember well (and he is considered a hero by the Song Sparrows) saved a nest of our birdies from a cruel school boy robber. Why should not all strong boys become our champions? Many of them have great, honest, sympathetic hearts in their bosoms, and, if we can only enlist them in our favor, they can give us a peace and protection which for years we have been sighing. Yes, sighing, because our hearts, though little, are none the less susceptible to all the asperities—the terrible asperities of human nature. Papa will tell you what I mean: you would not understand bird language.
Did you ever see my nest? I build it near the ground, and sometimes, when kind friends prepare a little box for me, I occupy it. My song is quite varied, but you will always recognize me by my call note, Chek! Chek! Chek! Some people say they hear me repeat “Maids, maids, maids, hang on your teakettle,” but I think this is only fancy, for I can sing a real song, admired, I am sure, by all who love
Range—Eastern United States and British Provinces, west to the Plains, breeding chiefly north of 40°, except east of the Alleghenies.
Nest—On the ground, or in low bushes, of grasses, weeds, and leaves, lined with fine grass stems, roots, and, in some cases, hair.
Eggs—Four to seven; varying in color from greenish or pinkish white to light bluish green, spotted with dark reddish brown.
The LORD is my strength and my shield; My heart trusted in Him, and I am helped; Therefore my heart greatly rejoices, And with my song I will praise Him. (Psalms 28:7 NKJV)
http://www.xeno-canto.org/sounds/uploaded/IHIOGGZVQA/cp0560c_xc_Melospiza_melodia_09mar2008_Sewanee.mp3
Adult song sparrows have brown upperparts with dark streaks on the back and are white underneath with dark streaking and a dark brown spot in the middle of the breast. They have a brown cap and a long brown rounded tail. Their face is grey with a streak through the eye. The Song Sparrow lays 3–5 eggs. The egg coloring is a brown spotted greenish-white.
The male of this species uses its melodious and fairly complex song to declare ownership of its territory and to attract females.
The Song Sparrow’s song consists of a combination of repeated notes, quickly passing isolated notes, and trills. The songs are very crisp, clear, and precise, making them easily distinguishable by human ears. A particular song is determined not only by pitch and rhythm but also by the timbre of the trills. Although one bird will know many songs—as many as 20 different tunes with as many as 1000 improvised variations on the basic theme,—unlike thrushes, the Song Sparrow usually repeats the same song many times before switching to a different song.
Song Sparrows typically learn their songs from a handful of other birds that have neighboring territories. They are most likely to learn songs that are shared in common between these neighbors.
The above article is an article in the monthly serial for September 1897 “designed to promote Knowledge of Bird-Live.” These include Color Photography, as they call them, today they are drawings. There are at least three Volumes that have been digitized by Project Gutenberg.
This entry was posted in Birds, Birdwatching, Christian, From The Past and tagged Birds Illustrated by Color Photography, Emberizidae, Home School, Kids, Nature, Photography, Song Sparrow, Youth. Bookmark the permalink.
Thank you. I only put it together as others wrote the content and the Lord created the Song Sparrow.
Please consider coming on over to Lee's Birdwatching Adventures, where you will find many more birdwatching articles for our regular readers.
Tien jaar gelede het die Boeremusiekgilde die Boeremusiek-monument op Leeupoort opgerig en 9 September 2017 word die herdenking gehou.
As per New Telecom Policy (NTP) 1999, Other Service Providers (OSP), such as tele-banking, tele-medicine, tele-trading, e-commerce etc will be allowed to operate by using infrastructure provided by various access providers for non-telecom services. The Telecom Commission in May 1999, accorded in principle approval for registration of Call Centers, both International and Domestic, in the country under the above category. Later, services like Network Operation Centers and Vehicle Tracking Systems, were also added to this category. As per the Terms and Conditions formulated by the Telecom Commission in February 2000, these application Service Providers could take telecom resources from authorized Telecom Service Providers only and may not infringe upon the jurisdiction of other authorized Telecom Service Providers and they will not provide switched telephony. The Department of Telecommunication (DOT) will charge a processing fee of Rs.1000/- per case.
Thirteen Vigilance Telecom Monitoring (VTM) Cells are functioning in different parts of the country. The responsibilities of these cells include Vigilance and Technical Monitoring of all telecom Service Providers.
Applications Services means services like tele-banking, tele-medicine, tele-education, tele-trading, e-commerce, call centre, network operation center by using Telecom Resources provided by Authorised Telecom Service Providers.
'Telecom Resource' Telecom facilities used by the OSP such as Public Switched Telecom Network (PSTN), Integrated Services Data Network (ISDN), Domestic Lease Circuit, International Private Leased Circuit (IPLC) and / or the telecom bandwidth provided by authorised telecom service provider.
(i) The Company to provide Application Services. These service providers will not infringe on the jurisdiction of other Authorised Telecom Service Providers and they will not provide switched telephony.
(ii) As the registration is location specific, any change in the location of OSP Centre shall require amendment in the original registration.
(v) A processing fee of Rs. 1000 is payable alongwith the application for registration in the form of a demand draft from a scheduled bank in favour of Pay & Accounts Officer (HQ), Department of Telecommunications, New Delhi.
(vii) The validity of the registration may be extended, if deemed expedient, the period of registration by 10 years at one time, upon request of the OSP, if made during the 19th year of the registration period on the terms mutually agreed. The decision of the Authority shall be final in regard to the grant of extension.
(viii) The OSP shall inform the Authority of any change in the information stated in the proforma submitted at the time of registration or thereafter.
The OSP shall not, without the prior written consent as described below, of the Authority, either directly or indirectly, assign or transfer this Registration in any manner whatsoever to a third party or enter into any agreement for sub-Leasing and/or partnership relating to any subject matter of the Registration to any third party either in whole or in part i.e. no sub- leasing/partnership/third party interest shall be created. Provided that the OSP can always employ or appoint agents and employees for provision of the Service.
The OSP shall furnish to the Authority, on demand in the manner and as per the time frames such documents, accounts, estimates, returns, reports or other information in accordance with the rules/ orders as may be prescribed from time to time.
The Authority reserves the right to suspend the operation of this Registration at any time, if, in the opinion of the Authority, it is necessary or expedient to do so in public interest or in the interest of the security of the State or for the proper conduct of the TELEGRAPH. If situation so warrant, it shall not be necessary for the Authority to issue a notice for seeking comments of the OSP for this purpose and the decision of the Authority shall be final and binding.
If under the Registration Agreement, material event occurs which entitle the Authority to terminate the Registration Agreement, the Authority shall proceed in accordance with the terms and conditions provided in the Agreement.
On termination or surrender or expiry of the Registration, the Bank Guarantee shall be released to the OSP only after ensuring clearance of all dues, which the OSP is liable to pay to the Authority. In case of failure of the OSP to pay the amounts due to the Authority, the outstanding amounts shall be realized through encashment of the Bank Guarantee without prejudice to any other action(s) for recovery of the amounts due to the Authority without any further communication to the OSP.
(2) The Authorised Telecom Service Providers shall provide resources to the OSP after examining the schematic diagram contained in the registration for OSP and as per the terms and condition of registration.
(3) Both the Authorised Telecom Service Provider and the OSP shall be responsible for any violation of the terms & conditions for OSP in the use of the Telecom Resources.
(5) OSP is permitted to share the Telecom bandwidth with other activities of the same Company or group of companies. However the OSP shall ensure that there will be a logical separation between the Telecom Resources for OSP and the Telecom Resources for their other activities. There shall be no voice / non voice traffic flow between them.
(7) OSP shall furnish periodic statements about its operational parameters as prescribed by Authority from time to time.
(1) Domestic OSP is permitted to have both way PSTN connectivity for the Stand alone OSP centre where there is no other connectivity e.g. lease circuit and virtual private network (VPN).
(2) Domestic OSP is permitted to have PSTN connectivity with only incoming facility from the Authorised Telecom Service Provider unless otherwise stated in the registration letter where there are other connectivity e.g. lease circuit and virtual private network (VPN).
(3) Interconnectivity of two or more Domestic OSP Centres of the same Company or group of companies is permitted.
(4) Domestic OSP is permitted to use Integrated Services Digital Network (ISDN) connections only for the purpose of back up of domestic leased circuits.
(5) For making outgoing calls, Domestic OSP, with prior written approval of Authority, may terminate the local PSTN lines to their OSP Centres subjected to the following conditions.
(a) The Company shall ensure complete separation between such PSTN lines with out-going facility & the other Telecom Resources and there shall not be any call flow between them. Such PSTN lines shall be used for making calls through normal PSTN network only and in no way directly or indirectly cause bypass of licenced National Long Distance Operator (NLDO) jurisdiction. The Company shall be responsible for any violation of this condition by anyone including but not limited to it's employees.
(b) The ratio of outgoing PSTN lines to total PSTN lines shall be restricted to 10%. Authority may permit the use of more outgoing PSTN lines on merits.
(c) The Company shall submit a security deposit in the form of a Bank Guarantee in the specified format for Rs. 10 Lakhs in favour of the Authority for the period of such permission. In addition the Company shall submit an Affidavit in the prescribed format.
(d) Registration for such facility shall be for a period of 3 years. This may be extended for a further period of maximum 3 years after expiry.
(e) For extension of registration period beyond 3 years, the OSP shall submit such request for extension alongwith extended validity period of Bank Guarantee, 60 days prior to the expiry date, failing which the registration will lapse without notice.
(g) If the Authority is satisfied that there has been a violation of any of the conditions, it reserves the right to take punitive action including forfeiture of the security deposit and / or the cancellation of the registration.
1. No PSTN connectivity shall be permitted to the International OSP at the Indian end. PSTN connectivity on foreign end is permitted having facility of both inbound and outbound calls.
2. Interconnection of two or more International OSP of the same Company or the group companies may be permitted, with prior written approval of the Authority.
The owners of a shuttered Gresham bakery fined by the state after refusing to make a wedding cake for a lesbian couple want to take their case to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Lawyers for Aaron and Melissa Klein, the former owners of Sweet Cakes by Melissa, filed a petition Monday asking the high court to overturn the state’s order to pay $135,000 in emotional damages to the couple they turned away.
The Oregon Bureau of Labor and Industries imposed the damages in 2015 after finding the Kleins had violated state anti-discrimination law. The Oregon Court of Appeals upheld the order, and the state Supreme Court declined to hear the case earlier this year.
That leaves the U.S. Supreme Court as the final avenue of appeal, but the odds it will hear the case are long.
The court receives requests to review 7,000 cases each year, but it typically accepts fewer than 150.
But that 7-2 decision hinged on the narrow finding that the Colorado Civil Rights Commission was hostile to Phillips’ religious beliefs, comparing them to slavery and the Holocaust. An opinion authored by Justice Anthony Kennedy said the commission failed to maintain religious neutrality.
The Kleins’ attorneys said the Colorado case left unanswered the central question of the case, which they framed as a First Amendment issue: whether the government can force business owners to create a message contrary to their religious beliefs.
“Freedom of speech has always included the freedom not to speak the government’s message,” said Kelly Shackelford, president of First Liberty, the Texas-based law firm representing the Kleins. “This case can clarify whether speech is truly free if it is government mandated.”
The Kleins closed their bakery in 2016, but they’ve remained figureheads for the religious liberty movement. Crowdfunding efforts launched in 2015 raised more than $500,000 for them, and they paid the $135,000 damages award into an escrow account as appeals continued.
You can use this form to send your questions and comments. If your question or comment refers to a publication or page on this website please include the title or link if known. We will respond to you as quickly as possible.
The team at the OU runs the world's largest aggregator of research papers called CORE (core.ac.uk), with about 1.5 million monthly active users, and a set of projects promoting principles of Open...
The team at The Open University runs the world's largest aggregator of research papers called CORE (core.ac.uk), with about 1.5 million monthly active users, and a set of projects promoting...
The Knowledge Media Institute (KMi) is a distinct research unit within the Faculty of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) at the Open University. KMi is looking for a Research...
The Research and Innovation Software team develop software for a range of research projects and University courses. With this role we are looking for someone who can be a mobile applications...
The Knowledge Media Institute (KMi) is looking for a Research Assistant or a Research Associate (depending on qualification), to work on EU funded project - Up2U. The project will be focusing on...
If you have any comments, suggestions or general feedback regarding our website, please email us at the address below.
Lambor is a warrior with respect for justice and faithful to the mission. On the other hand he will undertake dangerous activities to ensure the mission is accomplished. He has the ability to transform into an Earthen Lamborghini Countach LP500S. Capable of aerial combat allowing him to fight neck and neck with the Jetrons. Quite often as a result of his reckless actions he is under the care of the doctor, Ratchet.
Maternity Lingerie have some pictures that related each other. Find out the most recent pictures of Maternity Lingerie here, and also you can get the picture here simply. Maternity Lingerie picture posted ang uploaded by Admin that saved in our collection. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best among others. These are so many great picture list that may become your inspiration and informational purpose of Maternity Lingerie design ideas for your own collections. we hope you are all enjoy and finally can find the best picture from our collection that posted here and also use for suitable needs for personal use. The Bikini & Lingerie For You team also provides the picture in High Quality Resolution (HD Resolution) that can be downloaded by simply way. You just have to click on the gallery below the Maternity Lingerie picture.
Cytogenetic insights into DNA damage and repair of lesions induced by a monomethylated trivalent arsenical. Abstract
Plasticity of Th17 cells in Peyer's patches is responsible for the induction of T cell-dependent IgA responses. Abstract
Polyclonal B cell differentiation and loss of gastrointestinal tract germinal centers in the earliest stages of HIV-1 infection. Abstract
Serum from patients with SLE instructs monocytes to promote IgG and IgA plasmablast differentiation. Abstract
Transglutaminase is essential for IgA nephropathy development acting through IgA receptors. Abstract
IgA-producing plasma cells originate from germinal centers that are induced by B-cell receptor engagement in humans. Abstract
CXCR4/IgG-expressing plasma cells are associated with human gastrointestinal tissue inflammation. Abstract
The role of anti-IgA antibodies in causing adverse reactions to gamma globulin infusion in immunodeficient patients: a comprehensive review of the literature. Abstract
Inhibitory effect of HIV-specific neutralizing IgA on mucosal transmission of HIV in humanized mice. Abstract
Steady-state generation of mucosal IgA+ plasmablasts is not abrogated by B-cell depletion therapy with rituximab. Abstract
Duke University Medical Center 05/09/2013 9.81 Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America
Vaccine-induced plasma IgA specific for the C1 region of the HIV-1 envelope blocks binding and effector function of IgG. Abstract
University of Alabama at Birmingham 11/04/2009 9.81 Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America
Endocytosis of FcalphaR is clathrin and dynamin dependent, but its cytoplasmic domain is not required. Abstract
IgG antibodies against deamidated gliadin peptides for diagnosis of celiac disease in patients with IgA deficiency. Abstract
The human immunoglobulin A Fc receptor FcαRI: a multifaceted regulator of mucosal immunity. Abstract
Gut-associated lymphoid tissue contains the molecular machinery to support T-cell-dependent and T-cell-independent class switch recombination. Abstract
Both IgA nephropathy and alcoholic cirrhosis feature abnormally glycosylated IgA1 and soluble CD89-IgA and IgG-IgA complexes: common mechanisms for distinct diseases. Abstract
Anti-CD20 IgA can protect mice against lymphoma development: evaluation of the direct impact of IgA and cytotoxic effector recruitment on CD20 target cells. Abstract
The function of secretory IgA in the context of the intestinal continuum of adaptive immune responses in host-microbial mutualism. Abstract
Blocking Fcα receptor I on granulocytes prevents tissue damage induced by IgA autoantibodies. Abstract
Retinoic acid, acting as a highly specific IgA isotype switch factor, cooperates with TGF-β1 to enhance the overall IgA response. Abstract
Effects on secretory IgA levels in small intestine of mice that underwent moderate exercise training followed by a bout of strenuous swimming exercise. Abstract
New developments in serodiagnosis of childhood celiac disease: assay of antibodies against deamidated gliadin. Abstract
Placental transfer of maternally-derived IgA precludes the use of guthrie card eluates as a screening tool for primary immunodeficiency diseases. Abstract
Selective IgA deficiency in early life: association to infections and allergic diseases during childhood. Abstract
A novel combined adjuvant for nasal delivery elicits mucosal immunity to influenza in aging. Abstract
BAFF, stimulatory DNA and IL-15 stimulates IgA(+) memory B cells and provides a novel approach for analysis of memory responses to mucosal vaccines. Abstract
Gut TFH and IgA: key players for regulation of bacterial communities and immune homeostasis. Abstract
Gammopathy with IgA mesangial deposition provides a monoclonal model of IgA nephritogenicity and offers new insights into its molecular mechanisms. Abstract
Deletion of the α immunoglobulin chain membrane-anchoring region reduces but does not abolish IgA secretion. Abstract
The three complementarity-determining region-like loops in the second extracellular domain of human Fc alpha/mu receptor contribute to its binding of IgA and IgM. Abstract
Small intestine mucosal immune system response to injury and the impact of parenteral nutrition. Abstract
IgA deficiency and the MHC: assessment of relative risk and microheterogeneity within the HLA A1 B8, DR3 (8.1) haplotype. Abstract
Clinical and laboratory findings in hyper-IgM syndrome with novel CD40L and AICDA mutations. Abstract
Parenteral nutrition maintains pulmonary IgA antibody transport capacity, but not active transport, following injury. Abstract
Mutations in toll-like receptor 3 are associated with elevated levels of rotavirus-specific IgG antibodies in IgA-deficient but not IgA-sufficient individuals. Abstract
IFN-gamma down-regulates TGF-beta1-induced IgA expression through Stat1 and p300 signaling. Abstract
The sea salt spray provides texture and a silky matte, structured finish, like you’ve just been on the beach.
Beach mermaids in the big city will love it! Beach Effect Styling Spray gives you sun-kissed waves and tousled looks all year round. The texturising sea salt spray gives the hair this irresistibly sexy effect – bunched strands, curls and waves that look as if they had dried in a light breeze - holiday feeling for your hair! Of course, it’s also for relaxed beach boys and cool mermen! In damp hair: Spray the desired amount into the hair and loosely shape with the fingers or a wide-toothed comb. Work in with the fingers after drying and loosen up the hair.
The styling gel gives your hair that certain je ne sais quoi with strong, elastic hold. The innovative classic among styling aids effortlessly shapes, defines and fixes short hair without stickiness. Curls also love t..
This innovative high-tech hair powder gives fine hair volume, texture and structure in a flash – for 24 hours, weightless and without stickiness. Short or long – works on any style. The unique high-tech hair powder gives..
Shampoo Volume gives thin hair volume and bounce and pampers it with natural active ingredients – for extreme power and shine.Strong, luscious hair with fantastic volume embodies sexiness, joie de vivre and lifestyle. Bu..
The Silky Spa Shampoo cleanses and intensively conditions, particularly long hair. It also moisturises and gives it wonderful shine.The Silky Spa Shampoo was especially created for long hair, provides gentle cleansin..
“Easy comb” spray smoothens the hair structure, particularly of long hair, gives it softness and a brilliant shine – instantly.Combability + shine boosterAll women with long hair are familiar with the annoying comb..
This volumising shampoo, specially created for long hair, balances out structural differences and magically gives fine, lifeless hair luxurious body.Long, healthy with unique body and silky shine, enrobed with a sens..
The Silky Spa Shampoo cleanses and intensively conditions, particularly long hair. It also moisturises and gives it wonderful shine.The Silky Spa Shampoo was especially created for long hair, provides gentle cleansing an..
This luxury shampoo not only conditions with the most exquisite and precious substances, but it also gives your hair, scalp and soul a first-class de luxe spa experience.Hair couture! Pure, elegant silk, rare, sparkling..
This luxury hair treatment not only repairs and stabilises stressed hair with the most exquisite and precious substances; it also gives it a first-class de luxe spa experience.Impressively luxurious, fairytale hair that ..
This light modelling paste texturises the hair without weighing it down. Gives the finishing touches to fashionable haircuts. This finishing cream gives short, fine hair natural hold, conditioning and a soft matte shimmer. Cream Clay gives curly or straight, long hair structured texture. Even men will like it. Gets a short business cut ready in a flash.
This modelling paste flexibly styles particularly short hair without stickiness or heaviness.With this modelling paste anything is possible. The hair is easily tamed and you can style and shape it as you like. Depending ..
The sea salt spray provides texture and a silky matte, structured finish, like you’ve just been on the beach. Beach mermaids in the big city will love it! Beach Effect Styling Spray gives you sun-kissed waves and tousle..
For perfectly conditioned curls: Curl Protect & Style protects the hair thanks to innovative heat protection technology and gives the curls shine and long-lasting durability...
The sensuous scent creation, specially created for La Biosthétique by the international master of scent essences Geza Schön..
Howdy. I’m back!! For reals, this time. I have finally finished my first year at uni after a hellish exam period (*screams hallelujah*), I’ve packed my life away into boxes and I’ve moved home for the summer. Sooo, ya’ll can expect a lot more activity round here on the ol’ blog, since I’m no longer spending every waking moment sobbing over flashcards. Waheeey! I’m planning on posting twice a week, every week, and I’ve got some v v exciting posts planned – travel posts and some of my own music *gulps through nerves* coming up too!
So, with today’s post, I wanted to reflect on my first year at university. I have found uni to be the most amazing place. I’ve met some incred friends, made incred memories and I’ve, frankly, had a ball. However, it’s been far from the glossy, romanticised vision our society is hellbent on painting uni with. And to be completely honest, I don’t think anyone has the typical uni experience and if you say you do, you’re probably tellin’ a lil fib.
So with that, I’d like to have a wee giggle about the moments where uni has seemed far from perfect. And to, again, be completely honest, I’m happy that it is this way. I’ve got far fonder, funnier memories to look back on. Enjoy!
[Disclaimer: I’ve currently been poorly in bed for the last few days, having managed to catch a stomach bug as soon as I arrive home for the holidays. Yay for me. So I hope this post is okay – I am writing it with stomach cramps and a full blown headache, so hopefully it’s still written half decently.]
You meet your flatmates. Utter strangers whom you’ve been randomly placed to endure the next 9 months with.
By the end of the week, after many a pre-drinking Cards Against Humanity sesh and late night (drunk) bonding heart-to-hearts, you honestly feel like the Uni Gods meant to put you guys together.
Timetables and formative assignments have come rolling in and, God forbid, that word *summative* has started being banded about.
You find out more about each flatmate’s personalities, their habits and you even realise that your eating times don’t align. Cooking dinner solo has now become a thing.
Suddenly, those flat movie nights and drinking sesh’s will gradually come to a halt. Everyone’s too busy (begrudgingly) getting on with assignments to spend time with each other.
Dinner time rolls around. You’re still cooking solo in your tip of a kitchen. YouTube’s become your new best pal in these darker moments.
Don’t. It’s a waste of paper and money, which you need to conserve because you’re a student who is borderline hitting their overdraft, and NO ONE will bother taking those bins out anyway.
Roll around the end of semester 2 and you’re wading knee deep in (not freshly washed) laundry just to make it to the bathroom.
Exams have arrived, so you blame revision stress on the messy kitchen, the fact that your washing up has been left in a pile for a solid 3 days and your refusal to even hoover your room.
You only had October, November, December, January, February, March and April to watch LaLa Land collectively.
That laundry gets hidden at the bottom of your suitcase in the hope that Mum will just be so grateful to have her child back, she’ll gladly do the washing for you.
At least the kitchen’s finally clean. And the bins have actually been taken out. It’s got nothing to do with that scary-sounding email from accommodation services stating that you’ll be fined for every bin bag left and every surface left unwiped.
Just to preface: there are 3 types of friendship at uni. You’ve got your best pals, your acquaintances and then those awkward alcohol-fuelled friendships that remain nostalgic remnants of fresher’s week past.
You can’t bloody believe your luck. You’re pretty sure you’ve reached best pal status already with said flatmates.
Flatmates always busy. YouTube your best friend. Confused about pretty much everything to do with uni.
You’ve had to become best pal status pretty damn quick with your housemates for next year, seeing as EVERYONE decides to find a house for second year practically the second you flipping move in. Are they your best pals? Who knows?
You’re feeling like you kinda know who your best pals are now. Luckily it’s with your housemates for next year.
You’ve got stuck in with your fave societies and you’ve made plenty of acquaintances to get you through.
Sift through the drunken memories from those early weeks and you realise through the hazy fog that you’re pretty sure you shared a tipsy, TMI heart-to-heart with that gal with the blonde hair.
Fresher Emily has been upgraded to Fresher Em – you’ve seen her often enough to give her an affectionate nickname, right?
Give a couple weeks of blindly revising due to having absolutely no guidance from lecturers on how to write a university exam answer and it’s: still exams, no revision, and ‘I’m giving up’.
I’ve had the fabbest year – thank you to everyone who’s made my first year at uni so darn special xxxx
WOONSOCKET – After a slow start, local police say they will be increasing enforcement of a new statewide law that bans any use of a cell phone or other mobile device while driving without the assistance of a hands-free system.
In Woonsocket, Lt. Thomas Calouro said police treated the first 20 days under the new law, from June 1 through June 20, as an “awareness blitz” during which officers pulled over drivers caught using their cell phones but issued only verbal warnings. During this time, officers issued 34 verbal warnings.
“The interaction was to educate the drivers of the new law and their responsibility under it,” said Calouro.
On June 21, officers began fully enforcing the law, issuing 22 citations between June 21 and July 9. According to the law, which went into effect June 1, a citation for distracted driving comes with a $100 fine for the first offense and $250 fine for any additional offense. Drivers may have the first fine waived in court if they can prove they’ve purchased a hands-free system.
As public awareness of the issue increases, Calouro said police will be tightening enforcement of the new law.
“We are ramping up enforcement as we go forward to include unmarked patrols,” he told The Breeze Monday. “It is our constant goal to produce measurable, sustainable results in traffic safety within the city of Woonsocket. Our entire department is focused on achieving the safest roadways possible.”
In North Smithfield, police issued 14 citations for violations of the hands-free law between June 1 and July 1. Officers were unable to provide information on how many verbal warnings were issued during this time.
Around northern Rhode Island, local police departments are taking varied approaches to enforcement of the new law. The Breeze reported last month that in Lincoln, police were offering a grace period with no formal tickets issued through the first month of the new law, while in Cumberland, police had issued 45 citations as of June 24. In North Providence, officers issued 34 tickets through June 17, more than three times the nine tickets issued in neighboring Pawtucket during this same period.
With firm commitment to quality, we are involved in manufacturing and supplying a wide range of Strapping Tool. These dispensers are widely demanded in heavy metal working industry, automobile industry, food packaging industry and more. The offered dispensers are efficiently manufactured under the strict guidance of adroit professionals by making use of topnotch quality components and the latest techniques. Further, these Strapping Tool can get from us in different specifications as per the varied needs of the clients.
Zhejiang Yuanda Air Separation Equipment Co., LTD. has a range of PSA nitrogen & oxygen generators, membrane nitrogen & oxygen generators, nitrogen purification systems , refrigerated air dryer, adsorption air dryer, air filter, air separator, air cooler etc, and are widely used in industries of petroleum, oil & gas, chemicals, electronics, metallurgy, coals, pharmaceuticals, aerospace, autos, glass, plastics, food, medical treatment, grain, etc. With years research in air separation technology...
1000 ideas about printable maths worksheets on pinterest free help kids develop fast and efficient skills of solving multiplication problems in limited time the worksheet i. Free fourth grade worksheets pichaglobal math delwfg com. Multiplication worksheets dynamically created worksheets. Printable math worksheets 6th graders free grade games graph for blaster. 1000 ideas about 4th grade math worksheets on pinterest fourth worksheets.
1000 ideas about printable maths worksheets on pinterest free help kids develop fast and efficient skills of solving multiplication problems in limited time the worksheet i
Print free fourth grade worksheets for home or school tlsbooks thumbnail picture of alien addition 4
1000 ideas about grade 2 math worksheets on pinterest your kids will have fun learning fractions with these free fraction from worksheet
Free printable multiplication worksheets for 4th graders math worksheet grade kids activities drills printable
Multiplication practice 3rd grade reading and math sheets on free printable worksheets worksheetfun for preschool kindergarten 1st
Free math worksheets printable organized by grade k5 learning preschool kindergarten language arts our and help younger k
Student centered resources language and addition worksheets on hundreds of free printable common core for math social studies science language
Math division and 4th grade on pinterest free printable worksheets multiplication multiply numbers by 1 to practice for kids in 2 3 of
BOEREMUSIEK – Van al die musiek janres is Boeremusiek beslis dadelik herkenbaar. Boeremusiek is eg Afrikaans en Suid Afrikaans is want dit is hier gebore en ontwikkel.
While the road to legal adoption can sometimes be time-consuming and complicated, many adoptions are relatively simple. If you are the spouse or partner of a child's parent, you may be able to simply get a few forms from the court and fill them out in order to adopt a child without going through a social worker or even a court hearing. Once the adoption is approved by the court, the adoptive parents have the same permanent legal rights and obligations as any parent.
If you go through an adoption agency, either in the U.S. or internationally, the adoption is usually reviewed by a social worker and requires a court hearing before it can be approved. In these cases, you may choose to consult with a lawyer. But an independent adoption doesn't go through a third-party agency. In some cases it's simply a matter of the legal parents signing over their parental rights to the adopting parents. Independent adoptions also involve a stepparent or domestic partner of a single parent adopting the single parent's child. These situations where the birth parent is widowed or when the child was born without a named father do not generally need a social worker or a require a court hearing. Simply fill out the forms and submit them to the county court.
The papers you need for an adoption are specific to each state. For example, California provides the required forms online, and other states, like Massachusetts, make them available at the court clerk's office. And, some states authorize independent publishers to provide the forms online, but you should verify that they are acceptable to your court before purchasing them.
In California, you'll need at least four forms. An adoption request form contains your information and information about the child and her parents, as well as any relationship you may have with them. An adoption agreement form needs to be signed by the child's current parents or guardians and, if the child is over age 12, the child must agree to the adoption. California requires an Indian Child Inquiry form, stating that the child is or isn't of Indian descent. If the child is of Indian descent, an additional form needs to be submitted. The fourth form that is always required is the adoption order itself, which a judge signs to finalize the adoption.
Also, in the situation where a stepparent is legally adopting a partner's child in California, both the parent and stepparent must complete forms declaring their parentage. Essentially, the birth parent and the stepparent declare their relationship to the child and each other through their marriage or domestic partnership.
Before submitting the required forms, be prepared to provide copies of any papers showing your relationship to the child and the child's parents. This would include, for example, a certified copy of the child's birth certificate, your certified birth certificate, a marriage certificate or proof of a domestic partnership, as well as a certified copy of the divorce judgment if you are divorced. In California, it is not required that your signature to be notarized, but you should check with your own state's requirements.
A published author and professional speaker, David Weedmark has worked as a consultant for many small businesses and non-governmental organizations, including several law firms and bar associations. David has also has written hundreds of articles on legal matters and small business trends for newspapers, magazines and online publications including About.com and American Express.
Weedmark, David. "Do it Yourself Adoption Papers." , https://legalbeagle.com/5625982-do-yourself-adoption-papers.html. 05 June 2017.
Weedmark, David. (2017, June 05). Do it Yourself Adoption Papers. . Retrieved from https://legalbeagle.com/5625982-do-yourself-adoption-papers.html
Weedmark, David. "Do it Yourself Adoption Papers" last modified June 05, 2017. https://legalbeagle.com/5625982-do-yourself-adoption-papers.html
Note: Depending on which text editor you're pasting into, you might have to add the italics to the site name.
Copyright © 2018 Leaf Group Ltd. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the LEGALBEAGLE.COM Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The material appearing on LEGALBEAGLE.COM is for informational and educational use only. It should not be used as a substitute for professional legal advice. LEGALBEAGLE.COM does not endorse any of the products or services that are advertised on the website.
Ordinul nr. 775/3939/2018 privind modificarea anexei nr. 5 "Grile de verificare și evaluare" la Schema de ajutor de stat pentru îmbunătățirea infrastructurii în bandă largă (NGA) și a accesului la internet în cadrul Programului operațional Competitivitate, aprobată prin Ordinul ministrului fondurilor europene și al ministrului comunicațiilor și societății informaționale nr. 568/3.090/2018 - Lege5.ro
Why is Homo Faber Venice the House of European Craftsmanship? – Design and craftsmanship will receive a new dimension with a unique Venice event that is set to place from 14-30 September at Fondazione Giorgio Cini. The event in question is Homo Faber organised by the leading Swiss-based entity, Michelangelo Foundation. The exclusive event is regarded as the major cultural exhibition dedicated to European craftsmanship.
This unique exhibition will put fine craftsmanship in the international design spectrum and give recognition to master artisans. It will encompass a wide variety of arts and disciplines, from jewellery to bespoke designs as well as showcasing the rarest artisanal techniques. This event will take place in a number of historical and architectural spaces throughout the Fondazione Giorgio Cini (an international cultural centre in the island of San Giorgio Maggiore).
These unique spaces will be adorned with most exquisite pieces, innovative installations as well as live showcases of artisans working on their respective arts. It will have a total space of around 4,000 square metres and it will be the largest one ever held in the Fondazione, offering the public an immersive experience of European craftsmanship, “a world that relies on connection: connecting the hand, head and heart to create authentic works of lasting value.”
“We chose Venice for this exhibition not only because it is a bastion of culture and a place of unequalled beauty,”Franco Cologni, Co-founder of the Michelangelo Foundation explains, “but also because Venice is today and has always been a European hub for exchange and connection internationally.” Homo Faber will overlap the beloved La Biennale di Venezia of Architecture and the event will be a fine complement to the world’s tastemakers and influencers.
“Homo Faber is an expression that was first coined during the Renaissance and it captures and celebrates the infinite creativity of human beings. The exhibit will provide a panoramic view of European fine craftsmanship but it will nevertheless have a singular undercurrent: what human beings can do better than machines.” – Johann Rupert, Co-founder of the Michelangelo Foundation.
The Homo Faber also involves a stellar combination of world-class designers, creators and architects, including Michele de Lucchi, Stefano Boeri, India Mahdavi, Judith Clark, Jean Blanchaert and Stefano Micelli. Imagination and energy will be two of the biggest pillars of the exhibition. Fondation Bettencourt Schueller, the Triennale Design Museum, and the Cologni Foundation for the Métiers d’Art have also partnered with Michelangelo Foundation to create this exclusive event.
Portugal will be one of the featured countries in the world. Boca do Lobo is one brand in particular that will be representing the country’s legacy with two highly curated pieces that two of the most stunning and ancient arts of Portugal: Azulejos and the Art of Filigree. The first one regards the Heritage sideboard, an exclusive piece that is lined with hand-painted tiles while its interiors feature four drawers finished in gold leaf and two shelves in bronze glass. The second is the astonishing Filigree Mirror that is completely hand-crafted where each brass cord was fitted with the utmost precision, that are also gilded in 18k gold. This piece flourishes in a shape traditional to Portuguese culture and art.
Both pieces, from the Limited Collection by Boca do Lobo, will be exhibited at the space Best of European Craftsmanship, at Sala degli Arazzi, where visitors would be able to wander through exquisite objects specifically sourced for the event and observe the skill of master artisans in real time and at close quarters.
As a whole, “Homo Faber is fuelled by an ardent belief in the power and value of real human engagement”. Visitors will have the opportunity to see things in real time and speak to artisans about their craft as well as virtually enter the ateliers of the masters, among many other aspects of the fine world of craftsmanship. It is definitely an authentic experience one should attend!
Keep following Basel Shows and get all the news about luxury brands, jewelry brands, watch brands, Basel and everything that this wonderful city brings to you! Follow Basel Shows on PINTEREST!
If you have a passion for Basel, art, watches, jewels and design, you should bookmark this blog right now!
If you cannot find the product you're looking for, feel free to contact us and we will try and order what you need.
Until legislation catches up, bad bots are running amok on the internet without any legal ramifications.
Bots, software that runs automated tasks over the internet with minimal or no human intervention, first appeared online in 1998, providing services to users of the Internet Relay Chat messaging system. Twenty years later, bots are seen as responsible for influencing the results of the 2016 U.S. presidential election and causing crises at two of the most popular social media brands.
While the world comes to grips with bad bots’ new, high-profile role in hijacking social media platforms and potentially thwarting democracy, it’s easy to forget that these nefarious software scripts also are wreaking havoc on much broader swaths of the economy; legislation is only just beginning to catch up. Until it does, bad bots are running amok on the internet without any legal ramifications.
In this eWEEK Data Point article, Reid Tatoris, Vice-President of Product Marketing and Outreach at Distil Networks, explains nine ways that he believes bots are ruining the internet without breaking the law.
Businesses often have new account promotions (i.e. offering some sort of reward for signing up) to grow their user base. Bots game the system by registering thousands of new accounts per hour, collecting the reward points, and then transferring the points to a single account or selling the account login credentials on the dark web. This problem is particularly common in the online gaming and gambling, which has a higher proportion of bad bot traffic (51.3 percent) than any other industry.
The Better Online Ticket Sales (BOTS) Act makes online ticket scalping illegal, but the same type bots are used in other industries, such as air travel. Airline ticket bots are used to fraudulently reserving blocks of seats on flights, causing the price of the remaining unsold seats to increase dramatically, throwing off airline ticket sales. After gambling, the airline industry has the second-highest proportion of bad bot traffic (43.9 percent).
Bad bots scrape content from a website with the intent of using it for purposes outside the site owner’s control. This activity isn’t illegal by itself; after all, you could scrape your own website without a hitch. Startups love it because it’s a cheap and powerful way to gather data without the need for partnerships.
But on the flip side, bad actors can steal content and publish it in their names, attempting to take credit for the content, and others will publish duplicate content in attempt to do harm to the original publisher. When content is duplicated across the web, Google demotes duplicate pages, resulting in diminished SEO rankings, as well as lost advertiser revenue.
Bad actors and competitors seek to scrape information from legitimate online retail sites to gain product and pricing intelligence that can be used to undercut their pricing or position against their offerings. Whether termed "price scrapers," "pricing bots" or "pricing intelligence solutions," an entire industry has grown around the use of automated bots dedicated to scraping as much data as possible from online retailers’ websites. If a retailer loses enough competitive pricing wars fueled by price scraping bots, he risks going out of business. In 2017, 97 percent of websites with unique content or product and pricing information were hit with scraper bots.
Form submission spam occurs when someone fills out a form such as “contact us” with fake information. Form spam occurs when spam bots flood online forms with phony submissions--ones filled with keywords, jargon-stuffed backlinks and useless information that doesn’t create leads or foster potential sales. Form spam wastes company resources by inundating staff’s email inboxes and forcing them to spend time manually sorting the legitimate ones from the fake ones. It can also damage marketing campaigns by causing legitimate customer leads to get lost in the shuffle or deleted by mistake.
Bots post inappropriate activities or links to sites in the comments section of a company’s website. Comment spam bots fill your site with low-quality backlinks that hurt your SEO rankings, or worse, malicious links that prompt site visitors to click on it and download malware. Additionally, moderators have to spend hours manually cleaning up the spam, resulting in a huge waste of company resources.
Rogue reviews are another damaging type of spam, where negative reviews of products, reviews pointing to competitor sites or products and comments containing links to malware are posted on review sites, making the hosting site appear untrustworthy. This type of negative spamming deteriorates the image of the brand, and also creates a bad user experience. Rogue reviews can be positive, too; unscrupulous companies may flood review sites with fake positive reviews to support the launch of a new product, hoping to boost rankings and eventually sales. Either way, these fake reviews make it harder for real customers to get accurate information and make informed purchasing decisions.
One of the worst side effects of all this bad bot traffic is website slowdowns and downtime. This happens at layer seven, so it doesn’t affect firewalls or load balancers, but the web application and backend keel over. For many online businesses, website downtime correlates directly with a decline in sales. For example, if a retailer’s website goes down during the holidays, the consequences can be detrimental. Even if the added bot traffic isn’t enough to bring the site down, hogging bandwidth will cause slowdowns that damage the user experience for real customers. For example, a slow down in load time of a few seconds can lead to cart abandonment and decreased sales.
Another negative side effect of bad bot traffic is that repeated link clicks, page requests and form submissions made by bots skew application-based metrics such as counts and measures of frequency and/or rate.
Marketers spend hours writing copy, designing pages, determining calls-to-action and exhaustively looking at metrics in order to optimize the user experience and glean insights about how a customer interacts with the website. Companywide decisions are made every day based upon this marketing insight, with the belief that they are “listening to the customer.”
If a company is unable to filter out this bad bot traffic or distinguish it from real human users that visit its website, that means that every A/B test, every conversion metric, every traffic analysis and every business decision made with this data is skewed.
Course substitution can be made during the Add-Drop period. Related forms are available on the Faculty of Engineering web page. Handwritten forms, forms with missing attachments and signatures and late forms (after the Add-Drop period) will not be accepted.
Course substitution of the courses you take in the fall semester will be processed in the fall semester and the course substitution spring semester will be processed in the spring semester. You can prepare your forms accordingly and submit them to the Department Secretariat.
Note: If you have any questions about the course program, you can visit Mr. Talha ERAZ (Z-31) and Mr. Oğulcan IŞITMAN (Z-56) during the Add-Drop period.
Please help support the mission of New Advent and get the full contents of this website as an instant download. Includes the Catholic Encyclopedia, Church Fathers, Summa, Bible and more  all for only $19.99...
"Doctor Illuminatus", philosopher, poet, and theologian, b. at Palma in Majorca, between 1232 and 1236; d. at Tunis, 29 June, 1315. Probably a courtier at the court of King James of Aragon until thirty years of age, he then became a hermit and afterwards a tertiary of the Order of St. Francis. From that time he seemed to be inspired with extraordinary zeal for the conversion of the Mohammedan world. To this end he advocated the study of Oriental languages and the refutation of Arabian philosophy, especially that of Averroes. He founded a school for the members of his community in Majorca, where special attention was given to Arabic and Chaldean. Later he taught in Paris. About 1291 he went to Tunis, preached to the Saracens, disputed with them in philosophy, and after another brief sojourn in Paris, returned to the East as a missionary. After undergoing many hardships and privations he returned to Europe in 1311 for the purpose of laying before the Council of Vienna his plans for the conversion of the Moors. Again in 1315 he set out for Tunis, where he was stoned to death by the Saracens.
Raymond's literary activity was inspired by the same purpose as his missionary and educational efforts. In the numerous writings (about 300) which came from his facile pen, in Catalonian as well as in Latin, he strove to show the errors of Averroism and to expound Christian theology in such a manner that the Saracens themselves could not fail to see the truth. With the same purpose in view, he invented a mechanical contrivance, a logical machine, in which the subjects and predicates of theological propositions were arranged in circles, squares, triangles, and other geometrical figures, so that by moving a lever, turning a crank, or causing a wheel to revolve, the propositions would arrange themselves in the affirmative or negative and thus prove themselves to be true. This device he called the Ars Generalis Ultima or the Ars Magna, and to the description and explanation of it he devoted his most important works. Underlying this scheme was a theoretical philosophy, or rather a theosophy, for the essential element in Raymond's method was the identification of theology with philosophy. The scholastics of the thirteenth century maintained that, while the two sciences agree, so that what is true in philosophy cannot be false in theology, or vice versa, they are, nevertheless, two distinct sciences, differing especially in that theology makes use of revelation as a source, while philosophy relies on reason alone.
The Arabians had completely separated them by maintaining the twofold standard of truth, according to which what is false in philosophy may be true in theology. Raymond, carried on by his zeal for the refutation of the Arabians, went to the opposite extreme. He held that there is no distinction between philosophy and theology, between reason and faith, so that even the highest mysteries may be proved by means of logical demonstration and the us of the Ars Magna. This of course removed all distinction between natural and supernatural truth. Unlike Abelard's, however, Raymond's rationalism was of the mystic type: he taught expressly that, for the understanding of the highest truths, reason must be aided by faith; that once faith has flooded the soul with its radiance, reason, enlightened and strengthened by faith, "is as capable of showing that there are three persons in one God as it is of proving that there cannot be three Gods". "Relying on the grace of God", he writes, "I intend to prove the articles of faith by convincing reasons" ("Opera", Strasburg ed., p. 966). On the other hand, he held that, although reason needs the Divine assistance, faith is just as much in need of reason; faith may deceive us unless reason guides it. He who relies on faith alone is like a blind man who, relying on the sense of touch, can sometimes find what he wants but often misses it; to be certain of finding his object he needs sight as well as touch. So Raymond held that a man, in order to find out the truth about God, must bring reason to the task as well as faith.
These principles were taken up by the followers of Raymond, known as Lullists, who for a time had so great an influence, especially in Spain, that they succeeded in founding chairs at the Universities of Barcelona and Valencia for the propagation of the doctrines of the "Illuminated Doctor". The Church authorities, however, recognized the dangerous consequences which follow from the breaking down of the distinction between natural and supernatural truth. Consequently, in spite of his praiseworthy zeal and his crown of martyrdom, Raymond has not been canonized. His rationalistic mysticism was formally condemned by Gregory XI in 1376 and the condemnation was renewed by Paul IV. Raymond's works were published in ten folio volumes at Mainz, 1721-1742. There are, besides, several editions of portions of his writings. His poems and popular treatises, written in Catalonian, had a very wide circulation, in his own day, and their style has won him a high place in the history of medieval Spanish literature. The best know edition of the works in which he describes his logical machine is the Strasburg edition of 1651. The "Rivista Lulliana", a periodical devoted to the exposition of Raymond's philosophy, was started at Barcelona in 1901.
Ecclesiastical approbation. Nihil Obstat. June 1, 1911. Remy Lafort, S.T.D., Censor. Imprimatur. +John Cardinal Farley, Archbishop of New York.
Contact information. The editor of New Advent is Kevin Knight. My email address is webmaster at newadvent.org. Regrettably, I can't reply to every letter, but I greatly appreciate your feedback — especially notifications about typographical errors and inappropriate ads.
In 1989, Jesse Alvarado started a machining business in his garage with just one machine. Over 25 years later, that garage shop has evolved into a 3600 SQ FT machine shop complete with 15 CNCs and an office for Administration and Metrology. Located in Lancaster, California (60mi north of Los Angeles), we’ve done work for various Military projects, as well as commercial and aerospace projects.
J&R Machine Works strives to deliver the service and value that meets or exceeds our customers' requirements and expectations. We commit to comply with all applicable requirements and to constantly improve by providing on-going training to our employees, consistently upgrading our equipment and eliminating nonessential practices and improving our workflow.
It’s not often you get to sit down with the head of one of the most internationally well known Visual Kei/Japanese rock labels. At the end of November, JRockRev...
Next Performance is #XDay at Wembley Arena March 4th January 14, 2017 -- Yoshiki performed two back-to-back sold-out shows at New York’s famous classical ven...
"Wailing guitar solos, huge choruses and punching hooks: They've got the attitude of Guns N' Roses and the pomp of Def Leppard." – Metal Hammer "A cracking sli...
First live performance in Hawaii Returning for her third straight year, the rising star of the anisong world, Luna Haruna comes back stateside for her appear...
SuG’s new artist photos are ready! And online broadcasting is decided! Along with SuG’s second mini-album “SHUDDUP”, which is going to be released on Novembe...
September 5, 2016 - Japanese band Budo Grape has announced additional dates for their third British tour. The Nagoya “New Wave” rockers will play three UK dat...
May 29, 2016 – Tokyo-based singer and entertainer Akira Ouse (逢瀬アキラ) will perform as the main musical act at this year’s Nippon Con 2016 (Held at Gustav heinema...
Tokyo (May 24, 2016) - MAN WITH A MISSION will make their come back to the world’s biggest Japan culture festival and the trigger to the Cool Japan movement ...
SUGIZO participated in "Kuukoku No Kyoon", a coupling song from DIR EN GREY's 28th single "Utafumi". SUGIZO performed with DIR EN GREY as a violin part f...
Welcome! It is 9:03:11 AM on Wednesday, November 14, 2018. There have been 1314341 Aqua-Nuts served. Last Update: Wednesday, May 7, 2014
Mar 12, 2018 This data on chemicals, and mixtures of chemicals in froth flotation can be activated with copper sulphate and it will then respond to treatment
Froth flotation is a process for selectively separating hydrophobic materials from hydrophilic. The Glasdir copper mine at Llanelltyd, near Dolgellau in North Wales was bought in 1896 by the Elmore brothers in .. Various flotation reagents are added to a mixture of ore and water called pulp in a conditioning tank.
Froth flotation is considered to be the most widely used method for ore Certain chemicals are even capable of depressing the flotation of minerals that The frother and copper collector are usually added to the pulp just before the roughers.
Table 1: Graderecovery performance of a hypothetical copper ore flotation . in the froth flotation process, with the selection of reagents depending on the
Feb 22, 2012 Keywords: enargite, chalcopyrite, arsenic, flotation, copper resource. 1. Introduction . introduced and the froth formation area separated by a wall . enrichment factor without reagent addition was 2.4 nearing. 3.2 target when
Dec 16, 2016 Abstract: Froth flotation of copper-zinc-lead ores is a complex process based Keywords: froth flotation, mineral liberation, flotation reagents,
Oct 14, 2016 Complimentary analyses of froth characteristics, particle size distribution and organic species in water that originate from reagent and source of water copper and molybdenum minerals flotation have been reported in the
Mar 2, 2014 Froth flotation is commonly used in the processing of mineral ores. ores which are difficult for flotation, sulphide copper and gangue ore.
Handbook of Flotation Reagents: Chemistry, Theory and Practice is a condensed The froth power is influenced by the type of collector and frother used. . In the flotation of copper–zinc massive sulfide ores, the flotation properties of copper
Various process chemicals are used in the froth-flotation of metallic ore of uranium, copper, zinc, lead, and iron. The flotation chemicals are mainly Isooctyl Acid
of specific chemicals to the processing system at the correct addition point. As a result, froth flotation is extremely sensitive to small amounts of chemical.
Jul 12, 2013 Orica talks about its wide range of highly specialised flotation reagents and unparalleled technical expertise to optimise mineral recovery at
Sep 12, 2012 This shows you the froth produced by flotation on a porphyry copper ore of about 1.5% Cu. You see the rougher flotation, the cleaner and
Froth flotation is a mineral concentration process used to recover a vast array of reagents and then processed to produce separate copper and molybdenum
Flotation of copper-molybdenum sulphide ores in seawater entails critical The effect of an organic reagent on the flotation performance was tested, and the the whole froth surface to be scraped with a paddle at a constant depth and rate.
Froth flotation is defined as a physico-chemical process which exploits the differences in the The active agents are either inorganic or organic reagents. Hence
Oxide ores are relatively less amenable to froth flotation and require a judicious choice of reagents for the recovery of metals to be optimised. Laboratory batch
12.00 Frothing phenomena in phosphate gangue flotation from magnetite fines with 16.00 Interaction of hydroxamate reagents with copper oxide minerals and
Feb 15, 2016 Usually, copper sulphate is used in zinc flotation as an appropriate The reagent concentration and action duration were the same as the most
A frother, such as a long chain alkyl alcohol, is added to create a stable froth layer in the cell. Some of the Chemicals Used in Flotation Process: Dam failures occur all over the world, in 1980 at the Phelps Dodge copper operations in
immediately prior to flotation. Reagents. A 1% solution of copper sulphate was prepared using gton to create a suitably stable froth phase where the valuable
We have froth flotation chemicals to use for mining gold, copper and other precious metals. Buy in bulk.
ABSTRACT: Nchanga copper ore is a complex mixture of sulphide and oxide minerals and processing impossible without the use of flotation reagents. Flotation . power and froth stability rise dramatically as the frother concentration is
The representative sample of the carbonatitic Palabora copper ore ground 45 isobutyl xanthate as a collector in the froth flotation of a carbonatitic copper ore.
hydroxamates chelating reagents as collectors to improve the graderecovery. copper minerals and optimise the froth flotation process of the CRO.
Sep 10, 2011 The development of froth flotation had an enormous impact on copper response of malachite and chrysocolla using hydroxamate reagents.
Danafloat flotation reagents are suitable for many metals, particularly copper, lead, zinc Froth flotation is clearly the dominant mineral concentration method for
Copper processing is a complicated process that begins with mining of the ore The leaching reagent dilute sulfuric acid is sprayed through sprinklers on top of The slurry is placed in a tank and a process called froth floatation is used to
Upgraded concentrate from the bulk flotation process feeds the copper- molybdenum separation Molybdenum minerals are not affected by the reagent and still float. Some of the In order to maintain a froth on the surface of the slurry so that
The role of copper sulphate in the flotation of pyrite has been studied. A survey of a number of pyrite flotation plants using copper sulphate
Solution-based lighting, deconstructed into its basic elements. North designed by Arik Levy smoothly walks the line between utilitarian function and sophisticated design. Light is brought to where it is required, the disjointed parts allowing total freedom of MORE INFO
Solution-based lighting, deconstructed into its basic elements. North designed by Arik Levy smoothly walks the line between utilitarian function and sophisticated design. Light is brought to where it is required, the disjointed parts allowing total freedom of movement. A carbon fiber body and dimmable LED light source make this fixture as practical as it is beautiful.
Vibia Lighting is based in Barcelona, Spain and draws on that city’s cultivated design culture and knowledge cluster, channeling industrial suppliers’ abilities and top-class people. Light is one of the primal forces that shape the world as we know it and Vibia uses it to create unique architectural interior lighting products. Vibia understands how people live in their spaces, surprising them with the right selection of home and office lighting. GR Shop supplies their full line of floor, ceiling and wall fixtures.
Born in Israel, Arik Levy moved to Europe in 1988. Following studies at the Art Center Europe in Switzerland where he gained a distinction in Industrial Design in 1991, Levy’s first international success was winning the Seiko Epson Inc. competition, which jettisoned him into the public consciousness as a “thinking” designer. He currently works in Paris with his 20-strong team of designers and graphic artists that make up L design.
Under the vision of Levy and his associate, Pippo Lionni, the firm also produces brand identities, packaging, signage, exhibition and interior design. Respected for his furniture and light designs for Vitra and Vibia, Levy also creates hi-tech clothing lines and accessories for firms in the Far East.
Local Artist in the Aspen Valley. Writer and Illustrator for theWyld book collection (coming out 2017!), Owner of Banana Handshakes Apparel, and Co-owner of Wyld Board Co.
Modify makes custom watches, hand-assembled in San Francisco. We partner with amazing artists, important causes, talented musicians, dope influencers and more to create custom gear that their fans love. We have a few styles, from a fun, lightweight and durable silicone style through a higher-end stainless steel and leather timepiece. See our best-sellers, design your own custom watch or just browse designs from our thousand plus partners who use Modify as their merchandise partner.
All Modify Watches are Made-to-Order. That means we print and assemble your watches here in our office in California as soon as you place your order.
We want you to love your watch. Sooooo, if it stops working, we'll fix it. And if your battery dies in a few years, we'll fix that too. You're in the ModiFamily now :)
Click on "Compile" and then on "Install" buttons. Delphi should report you that two new components has been installed: TPageRank and TPageRankControl.
— link to visual component, that should refresh when the Pagerank value is changed. The Invalidate method of this component is called when Pagerank value is changed.
Although GPRD intended to work with internet, it's not contain any networking code. Such decision is selected because of every developer has own solutions and use different methods for access to net. All networking code should be provided by developer as handler of OnGetRank event.
The simplest example of implementation of OnGetRank event handler provided in the code below. In the demo project, shipped with components you can see another implementation of this event handler.
Other properties is simply inherited from TControl and moved to published section for more conveniences.
Trungpa rinpoche was a severe alcoholic for decades who deteriorated to the point that he was not rational, and often comatose, for the last decade or so of his life. The first two volumes of the zohar: pritzker edition, translated with commentary by daniel c matt, cover more than half of the zohar's commentary on the book of genesis (through genesis 32:3)this is the first translation ever made from a critical aramaic text of the zohar, which has been established by professor matt based on a wide range of original manuscripts. Zoar's best 100% free black dating site hook up with sexy black singles in zoar, ohio, with our free dating personal ads mingle2com is full of hot black guys and girls in zoar looking for love, sex, friendship, or a friday night date. Zoar bellevue birmingham castalia fostoria milan plymouth a working professional trying to balance a family life, a single parent, a divorced parent struggling with custody issues, or. The anapanasati sutta: a practical guide to mindfulness of breathing and tranguil wisdom meditation by ven u vimalaramsi and a great selection of similar used, new and collectible books available now at abebookscom.
In 1932, the founder of the kabbalah centre, rav yehuda ashlag began work on what would become one of the most seminal and important kabbalistic texts of all time - the study of the ten luminous emanations (talmud eser sefirot. Zoar dou is 27 years old and was born on 11/23/1990 currently, they lives in miami, fl sometimes zoar goes by various nicknames including dou zoar their ethnicity is asian american, and religious views are listed as buddhist. Jack zavada is the author of 11 books on christianity, including hope for hurting singles he focuses on the bible, theology, and religious history updated january 03, 2018 three angels visited abraham, god's hand-picked founder of his chosen nation, israel they came disguised as men, travelers. Zoar moravian church in rural carver county near chaska, minnesota established in about 1858, this church was built in 1863 by its congregation of immigrants from hopedale, pennsylvania the congregation disbanded in the 1940's, but the church is still maintained and used by the waconia moravian church congregation the building has no electricity, no heat, and no plumbing.
Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries belong anywhere with airbnb oct 07, 2018 - rent from people in the united states from $20/night the tree home is a glass-encased and bamboo-secured second floor, accessible by a single staircase take a raft trip down the deerfield river with zoar outdoor (possibly guided. The cities of sodom and gomorrah are mentioned in other places, in association with sins of omission and commission, and of the heart as well as the flesh, and is often used as an example of judgment of the wicked. The bible today is the same as what was originally written some people have the idea that the bible has been translated so many times that it has become corrupted through stages of translating. The play sends the clear message that it is dr br ambedkar who single handedly and against all the hurdles put up by mahatma gandhi in the emancipation of untouchables in india has transformed the lives of 250 million untouchables and tribals in india mr dr ambedkar buddhist centre, upper zoar street , pennfields, wolverhampton , wv3 ojh. Single us-republican this would be original buddhist writings from the buddha as far as repetitiousness, i think the koran would win excavations of ur, location of zoar, ziggurats and the foundation of tower of babel feb 1, 2008 feb 1, 2008 #12 texastig the diablo is in the phone booth dialing 911.
Accoville single parent personals zoar mature singles middle eastern single men in vermilion county west pittsburg jewish women dating site curico single guys conrath buddhist single women meriwether county asian singles new buffalo gay dating site catholic single men in vine grove kinsey gay dating site. About the demographic information the information on housing, people, culture, employment and education that is displayed about zoar place, maesteg, wales, cf34 9up is based on the last census performed in the uk in 2011. Zoar's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in zoar with mingle2's zoar dating services find a girlfriend or lover in zoar, or just have fun flirting online with zoar single girls.
Wealden's population at the time of the united kingdom census 2001 was 140,023 five small towns— crowborough , hailsham , heathfield , polegate and uckfield —account for about half of these people, [6] and each has several places of worship catering for different denominations. Buddhism relaxation 1mpny0s7swvpdlq57u1s4r confundido cesar iván herrera iván del viento 1mqvl2rtmlrx1xngxa9zyb ça va te tuer dj kenny,mikaël touanen,enigmatik,mink's dj kenny 1msz2kk9nfm4tlgeorfuf9 orpik la experiencia - remasterizado 1man8jbmdy6idcawyvgq1z who's next (bonus) [feat luh pat, ris k, five0lou & dejay. Zoroastrianism, or mazdayasna, is one of the world's oldest religions that remains active it is a monotheistic faith (ie a single creator god ), centered in a dualistic cosmology of good and evil and an eschatology predicting the ultimate destruction of evil [1. Genesis 19:30 and lot went up out of zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him for he feared to dwell in zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters 31 and the firstborn said unto the younger, our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth.
The chances of pregnancy resulting from a single random sexual act by a fertile couple is on the order of one in 50 one might conclude that the chances of both daughters becoming pregnant on successive nights would be one in 2,500.
The teachings of zoar spread under darius the first crete was once controlled by mycenia greek city state centered around: one single city use of demi in greek city state politics answer is geography who won battle of marathon greeks, kept persia from conquering greece buddhism in china: gained millions of followers.
Vayeira, vayera, or va-yera (וַיֵּרָא — hebrew for and he appeared,” the first word in the parshah) is the fourth weekly torah portion (parshah) in the annual jewish cycle of torah reading. In utopias in american history, independent scholar jyotsna sreenivasan makes the case that from the founding of the american colonies to the hippie communes of the 1960s to the cohousing movement, which started in the 1990s, the united states has the most sustained tradition of utopianism of any modern country. Buddhism taoism self-help & psychology psychedelics & entheogens dictionary of ancient magic words and spells from abraxas to zoar appendix one use of caracteres in magic appendix two cryptography appendix three list of magic words appearing in the spells bibliography author bio.
New The Gambler movie got mixed reviews from top critics. Paramount Pictures released their new drama flick, “The Gambler,” into theaters yesterday, December 25th, and the top movie critics have served up their reviews. It turns out that this one got mixed reactions as well with an overall 55 score out of a possible 100 across 31 reviews at Metacritic.com.
Mick LaSalle at the San Francisco Chronicle, gave it a 75 grade, stating: “Actually, Mom is the essential difference between Wahlberg and Caan. Caan has the glow of mother love on him. Wahlberg plays Jim as having made the adjustment to a lack of love, but in a twisted way. He’s gambling now to see if the universe loves him.”
Kyle Smith from the New York Post, gave it a 75 score. He said: “Dialogue, we seem to have forgotten, matters, and the words — by the brutally funny screenwriter of “The Departed,” William Monahan — are electric eels, slithering and sinister and nasty. They sneak up and sting you, or sometimes tickle your toes. Lowlifes don’t actually talk this way? Yeah. But if only they did.”
Todd McCarthy over at The Hollywood Reporter, gave it a 70 grade, stating: ” In nearly every scene, Wahlberg carries off the central role with what could be called determined elan.”
Richard Roeper at the Chicago Sun-Times, gave it a 63 score, stating: ” Wahlberg has grown so much as an actor we can pretty much buy him as a college professor/author. There’s just not enough depth to the character of Jim, and not much of a story arc.”
Elizabeth Witzman from the New York Daily News, gave it a 60 score. He stated: “Understatement is one of Mark Wahlberg’s greatest assets. But that admirable trait winds up working against him in The Gambler, Rupert Wyatt’s otherwise intriguing dramatic thriller.”
Manohla Dargis from the The New York Times, gave it a 50 score, stating: ” Mr. Wyatt’s direction is smooth, although he’s more confident, and the movie more convincing, when he goes for baroque with the story’s excesses.”
Mark Olsen over at the Los Angeles Times, gave it a 50 grade, saying: ” Wyatt, Monahan and Wahlberg never seem quite settled on what they want to say with the character or the story, so the film feels marked not by ambiguity but uncertainty.”
Justin Chang from Variety, gave it a 50 score. He said: ” A movie of slick, surface-level pleasures that’s unpersuasive at its core.”
Chris Nashawaty at Entertainment Weekly, gave it a 42 score,saying: “The one bit of good news is that the first Gambler is currently streaming on Netflix. Do yourself a favor and watch that one instead.”
Peter Keough from the Boston Globe, gave it a 38 grade. He said: ” It’s just like the Kenny Rogers song says: “You’ve got to know when to hold ’em, know when to fold ’em.” It’s time for this Gambler to walk away.”
Lastly, Claudia Puig from USA Today, gave it a 38 score, stating: “The Gambler is a hollow, overwrought and glibly cynical remake of a ’70s drama about a self-destructive academic.” Stay tuned. Follow us on Facebook by Clicking Here. Follow us on Google Plus by Clicking Here. Follow us on Twitter by Clicking Here.
You should keep away from applying oil based mostly lubes. Oil dependent lubes will damage rubber and latex. It’s ideal to work with water primarily based or silicone dependent lubes with rubber toys.
Agony throughout receptive anal sex between gay Guys (or Adult men who definitely have sexual intercourse with Adult males) is formally often known as anodyspareunia.[thirteen] In one analyze, 61% of gay or bisexual Males reported they expert agonizing receptive anal sexual intercourse and that it absolutely was one of the most Recurrent sexual issues they had skilled. In contrast, 24% of gay or bisexual Adult males mentioned that they often professional some diploma of soreness through anal intercourse,[13] and about 12% of gay Guys find it too distressing to pursue receptive anal sex; it absolutely was concluded which the notion of anal sex as painful is as very likely to be psychologically or emotionally dependent as it really is to be bodily based mostly.
[33][35][36] Besides nerve endings existing throughout the anus and rectum, Gals may come across anal stimulation pleasurable due to oblique stimulation of such "legs".[37] Oblique stimulation of the clitoris as a result of anal penetration can also be attributable to the shared sensory nerves, Specially the pudendal nerve, which provides off the inferior anal nerves and divides into two terminal branches: the perineal nerve as well as the dorsal nerve of your clitoris.[4]
Softer components like rubber, silicone and vinyl make for nice toys as They may be delicate but organization sufficient to permit easy insertion.
1. one hundred% Pleasure. Each individual product you order needs to be exactly what you wish the moment you open up your bundle—­or return it for Trade, substitution or whole refund. See Recommendations on packing slip.
A typical variety of fetish plugs would be the butt plug with faux animal tail. The animal tail, usually designed with phony fur, is connected on the non-insertable finish of your plug so that when worn or inserted, the effect is given that the wearer has an animal's tail.
Some people can only tolerate having a toy in place for a few minutes when starting but there are a few individuals who say they have the ability to comfortably put on a plug for many hrs.
In afterwards Roman-period Greek poetry, anal intercourse grew to become a common literary convention, represented as taking place with "qualified" youths: people that experienced attained the proper age but experienced not yet turn out to be Older people. Seducing those not of correct age (such as, non-adolescent small children) in the practice was deemed extremely shameful with the Grownup, and acquiring these kinds of relations using a male who was no longer adolescent was thought of extra shameful with the young male than with the a single mounting him; Greek courtesans, or hetaerae, are stated to possess usually practiced male-feminine anal intercourse as a way of avoiding pregnancy.[118]
Obviously the anus was not intended to have a toy like this in position so There is certainly certain to be some sort of reaction every time a butt plug is set up.
Though anal sexual intercourse by itself will not bring on pregnancy, pregnancy can however arise with anal sexual intercourse or other types of sexual exercise In case the penis is near the vagina (such as all through intercrural intercourse or other genital-genital rubbing) and its sperm is deposited close to the vagina's entrance and travels together the vagina's lubricating fluids; the potential risk of pregnancy might also come about without the penis remaining close to the vagina since sperm may very well be transported on the vaginal opening with the vagina coming in connection with fingers or other non-genital body parts which have are available connection with semen.[86][87]
Nonetheless, sexuality among males (as distinct from third genders) has thrived, primarily unspoken and informally, with no becoming viewed as different in the best way it is actually noticed while in the west; younger Adult men associated with "such interactions never contemplate by themselves to get 'homosexual' but conceive their actions with regard to sexual drive, chance and pleasure".[143]
Butt plugs are occasionally coated by condoms for hygiene and to permit for the simple disposal of any feces with which they may come into Make contact with.
Between these, in current occasions, are already André Gide, who observed it repulsive;[one hundred thirty] and Noël Coward, who experienced a horror of sickness, and asserted when younger that "I'd hardly ever do everything – perfectly the disgusting thing they are doing – because I know I could get one thing Erroneous with me".[131]
We choose your privateness critically. By having an account with us, you conform to your information and facts staying saved for the purpose of administering your account. You should see our privateness policy. We collect personalized facts from you so we will approach, go to my blog satisfy, and ship your purchase. By checking this box, you agree to have your facts processed for this goal and comply with the terms of our privateness plan.
This past week at the Fonda Theatre, we got to experience “A Celebration for Ray Manzarek“. Iconic legends of The Doors performed an epic show with different all-star musicians filling in for Jim Morrison including: John Doe (X), Taylor Hawkins (Foo Fighters), Emily Armstrong (Dead Sara), and more. Check out our photos of the show below.
Eagle Cap Sanitation - Richland, OR 97870 - Business Listings Directory powered by Homestead Technologies
Long Island sound, waters in between Greenwich and Stamford. A tremendous amount of gulls are currently gathering in Long Island sound closer to the Stamford coast. A growing group easily totaling 5,000 birds with a steady stream of gulls adding to the group. Unfortunately everything is too far for identification of species.
12/31/15- Westport- Sherwood Island SP- Ash-throated Flycatcher continues for the 45th consecutive day,seen feeding in the cork tree around 2:15 pm.
Two Fox Sparrows under the feeders near the nature center. I did not see the Dickcissel as I stopped by only to fill the feeders and throw seed out for the sparrows and the Dickcissel. The House Sparrows were not out and about when I was at the park.
2 messages: Starting Tuesday, 15 December 2015 16:40:57 UTC, Ending Tuesday, 29 December 2015 14:04:34 UTC
33 messages: Starting Wednesday, 1 September 2010 03:26:32 UTC, Ending Monday, 27 September 2010 21:02:52 UTC
Associating Style Sheets with XML documents 1.0 (2E) is a Proposed Edited Recommendation (Call for Review)
DRAFT #2: Transition Request: PER Request #2 for Associating Style Sheets with XML documents 1.0 (Second Edition)
Transition Request: PER Request #2 for Associating Style Sheets with XML documents 1.0 (Second Edition)
82 messages: Starting Sunday, 1 December 2002 08:14:19 UTC, Ending Friday, 27 December 2002 11:34:30 UTC
19 messages: Starting Thursday, 1 August 2002 22:41:34 UTC, Ending Saturday, 31 August 2002 16:02:51 UTC
Recipes, reviews and recreation with the Madhouse Family - two parents, three kids, two dogs, all bilingual !
This week will be much less hectic than the killer week last week, so I can get back to home cooking. As I'm snuggled under the quilt after getting caught in a hail shower as I write this, I'm thinking winter warmers and hearty stews in the slow cooker.
Another week of yummy meals, I love sausage casserole, and omelette, I've never tried Spanish tortilla omelette though, I most look forward to Sunday for a Sunday roast, we are having spaghetti bolognese tonight, going to try 8 month old Mollie with some as she devoured lasagne last week xXx
Oooh the duck sounds so good, as does the tortilla, it is a favourite of mine! Thank you for sharing with #MealPlanningMonday x
I'm mum to Sophie (born in 2001), Juliette (born in 2005) and Pierre (born in 2009). We're all French/English bilingual - even our two dogs Didou and Vicky ! If you have any comments or want me to review your products or host a giveaway, you can contact me at cherylpasquier2002@yahoo.fr .
Powered by phpBB © 2000, 2002, 2005, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2011 phpBB Group ©Copyright 2004-2011 by Bob Dankert
Just bought this in december and put new bulbs in it the beginning of january. All ati bulbs. $350 or trade for a gen 3 radium pro. My loss is your gain on this one.
It was cheaper because I bought it direct from ati when they had there scratch and dent sale. If interested in pictures I can text them
The second oldest ballie of the team. I love anything to do with sport, adventure and the outdoors. Anything for a little adrenaline kick. What’s a better way to see SA, than run across our beautiful country, all while raising funds for MAD Leadership Foundation – positively influencing future leaders of tomorrow. Recently I completed my 1st Comrades and it was life-changing. Next up, Joburg to Cape Town. Looking forward to this crazy adventure!
Please provide us with any feedback you might have regarding your experience with Make A Difference Leadership Foundation.
2. Something, such as a garment, that is in the current mode: a swimsuit that is the latest fashion.
2. To train or influence into a particular state or character: The teacher fashions her students into fine singers.
This is a placeholder page for Patrica Tabascio, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Patrica Tabascio.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Patrica Tabascio. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Patrica Tabascio. We created this page automatically in hopes Patrica Tabascio would find it. If you are not Patrica Tabascio, but are an alumni of Madonna High School Downsview, ON, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Madonna High School	of Downsview, Ontario
The following is a tortilla de patatas recipe by MadridMan™ himself. I’m not saying it’s the BEST recipe, but my Spanish eaters seem to like it, bringing me ever-closer to winning the Best Non-Spaniard Spanish Cook award in this house. … Continue reading →
Yesterday, the 10th of May, was the official start of the 10-day 2013 Madrid San Isidro Festival and it lasts until the 19th of May. The 15th of May is THE BIG DAY, San Isidro Labrador Day, Madrid’s Patron Saint, … Continue reading →
Last night I had the great pleasure to witness the ballet in Madrid’s Teatro Real, featuring the “Danza Contemporánea de Cuba” – the 20-person Cuban Contemporary Dance Group. No, this was not a tutu-and-pionte-shoe classical ballet, but it did not … Continue reading →
It literally snowed all night long last night but stopped by this morning. Enough fell to cause countless traffic jams and icy roads. I witnessed several cars sliding down hilly streets and people using cardboard to scrape off the snow … Continue reading →
Ok so it seems a certain "designer" decided to post something that I had said to her in a message (on my person name have you) on her blog. Yes the message I sent to her was vile and rude and normally I try not to let people like her bother me. HOWEVER, she was taking a post by a friend of mine and completely misconstruing it into something ugly. We never asked what Betsy Ansels religious beliefs where nor do I care. I do care that she took a friend's comment on her bigotry post and turned it ugly when in fact my friend was simply using Merry Christmas as an example. Now, when I tried to rectify and explain that my friend was simply agreeing with her, she decided to attack ME. If anyone has Betsy on their friends list, please feel free to read the bigotry post. Hopefully what I said will still be there, but being as Betsy is a person that likes to name call and remove you if you don't agree with her or her beliefs, then she removes and blocks you. I never once asked what her beliefs are. I could care less. Her beliefs are NONE of my business. But she clearly stated to my friend (BETSY initialized the bringing the scrap community into it) by saying to my friend she was going to buy some items but now she wasn't. That post had NOTHING to do with scraps, was of a person nature, but unfortunately Betsy has nothing better to do outside of her paper route than to post blogs about my friend and I. And not completely honest ones either. No where in that post did me nor my friend say we were attempting to do the work of God. Personally, I feel that Betsy needs to be heavily medicated for her recent psychotic antics, but yes that is my opinion. Upon NOT agreeing with her view of what "to hell with them means" she literally said Bye Bitch your gone too (since she wants to bring everyone in Betsy lets do this right). That is when yes I sent her a vile, nasty message. Not that 2 wrongs make a right, however, she cannot expect to name call people for not agreeing with her then slander them on FB and her blog and not expect some kind of vileness. If she thinks the post she put on her blog is going to hurt me or bother me, personally I could care less. If anyone has "friended" her on FB they will clearly see that she took a post, turned it around, read what she wanted how she wanted and was attempting to (in my opinion) preach her way is the right way. She was clearly the bigot in that post and I have had MULTIPLE people message me (some are even friends with her on FB) and tell me they cannot believe how psychotic she was acting. Then to bring scrap into it when it had nothing to do it clearly looks as if she is whining to try and get those on her side. Not once did I ask her beliefs and much of my post was quotes explaining why there was no difference from what my friend say and what she said. So folks I will apologize to YOU for having to see a private message that was vile from me sent to this person because she decided to involve you. But I will not apologize to her for having sent it, especially since she decided to take it and post it up for the public to see. Now I feel she deserves that message more than ever. I will make sure that I never have any dealings with Betsy Ansel aka Scrapworkx whether it be stores, scrap, etc. I refuse to allow her to bully me by posting a private message not related to scraps on her scrap blog because I was defending a friend. As stated previously, I could care less what her beliefs are. I do care that she was stating in the original post about bigotry when I see her calling the kettle black. The biggest bigot I have met on her in the 5 years I have been doing this ( I can officially say that) would be her and her post on her personal FB wall proves it. Yes this post was on her personal wall not her scrap one so could someone please tell me WHY she felt the need to bring it into scrapland? Could it be to do nothing more than be a bully and try and hurt someone's sales? Is she really that desperate and disgusting? Her post proves it in my opinion.
Included is one full size element that is saved at 300 dpi, which makes it perfect for those printable projects.
Included is one full size script that is saved at 300 dpi, which makes it perfect for those printable projects.
Included is seven full size elements that are saved at 300 dpi, which makes them perfect for those printable projects.
It normally never takes that long and at the longest an hour or two (if I am not home and away from my computer, then it is done immediately upon return).
Again, thank you all for your support but please understand there WILL NOT be a direct download upon purchase. A link will be emailed to you shortly after.
All of my wonderful customers as well as the Creative Teams that use my work in their wonderful creations. Please be sure to read my TOU to stay up to date. :)
An agreement has been reached to keep more than 360 Roosevelt Island apartments affordable for another 30 years, Gov. Cuomo announced Sunday.
The 11th hour plan allows the owners of the Westview housing development to exit the Mitchell-Lama rental program, but tenants will have the…
Comedians Amy Schumer and Chelsea Handler are organizing the women Ivanka Trump follows on Instagram to flood her feed. It’s no laughing matter. They’re reminding her that the abuse of children at the border continues, that she’s been no help, and criticized her for her cluelessness when she finally…
[NYDN] Nixon strikes a blow for labor: Why returning public-sector workers the right to strike, as a last resort, makes sense
Since 1947, it has been illegal for public workers in New York State to go on strike, first under the Condon-Wadlin act, which called for strikers to be fired, and after 1967 under the Taylor Law, which penalizes them two days pay for each day off the job.
Just about never does a state tell a major business offering service to millions of customers to scram. So the decision by New York to eject Charter Communications, rejecting its bid to take over Time Warner Cable’s TV and internet systems across the state, demands extreme scrutiny — not least…
The size of the rally is destined to be negligible for the nation’s capital, its cause doomed in a gloriously multiracial nation and world, its message of exclusion and hate reprehensible.
God still blesses the America where sad-sack white supremacists are free to rally Sunday in front of the White…
On his visit to San Juan last October, cheerleader-in-chief Donald Trump said Puerto Rican and federal officials could be “very proud” that unlike in “a real catastrophe” like Hurricane Katrina, the island had suffered only 16 confirmed deaths.
Manhattan: I urge the Daily News to advocate, in the strongest possible terms, that the Senate vote against confirming Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court. Kavanaugh embodies everything that a justice should not be — partisan, biased, misogynistic, to name but…
The Mets announced Wright will play five innings at third base Sunday for St. Lucie in a game against Clearwater. The Single-A game is scheduled for 1 p.m. ET.
“I think a lot of people want to get their eyes on him and see how the ball is coming off his bat, how…
[NYDN] Ackert: Yankees’ Miguel Andujar takes the lead in the Rookie of the Year race with go-ahead home run to beat the Rangers
If they ever ask when it happened that Miguel Andujar jumped ahead of his teammate and the rest of the pack in the running for Rookie of the Year, I will point to Saturday afternoon.
The 23-year-old hammered a two-run, go-ahead home run in the bottom of the seventh, powering the Yankees to a 5-3…
[NYDN] Mets flounder in 11th vs. Marlins as Jacob Rhame gives up walk-off double, offense doesn’t score after fourth inning
With the game dead-locked until the 11th inning Saturday night, it was clear these two teams toiling way down at the bottom of the NL East were evenly matched.
But somebody had to win eventually, and the Marlins came through with a walk-off double in the 11th inning by Bryan Holaday off Jacob Rhame…
Busy week at The Stadium in the Bronx with eight straight games including a one-game subway series makeup with the Mets. The Rangers finish their series at 1 p.m. today. Next the not-so-Amazin’s fly in from Miami to…
We must concentrate on certain activities today and let others pass without much notice. Setting priorities is critical since the Moon snuck into practical Virgo last night at 11:58 pm EDT. Although we gain efficiency by filtering out…
[NYDN] Police unions in South Florida asking officers to dump Dolphins ticket plans or request refunds after Miami players protest during anthem
A police union in South Florida is asking its members to dump their tickets to Miami Dolphins games or pester the team for refunds after two players knelt during the national anthem in Thursday’s preseason game against the Buccaneers.
Unexpected changes clear the air while establishing the structures for our next adventures. A dramatic Leo Solar Eclipse occurs at 5:57 am EDT, revealing parts of our psyche that are lingering in the shadows. This dynamic New Moon Eclipse…
In the summer of 1952, a collection of the Soviet Union’s most luminous Yiddish writers of prose and poetry lived out their final days in the gloom of Moscow’s Lubyanka prison, caught in the gears of Joseph Stalin’s state security mechanism.
A memorial service for William (Bill) Howard, president of the West Indian American Day Carnival Association — organizer of the New York Caribbean Carnival and Parade — will be held Wednesday at Brooklyn’s Laurence Woodward Funeral Home, 1 Troy Ave., at 3 p.m.
As Peter Vronsky walked inside a Times Square fleabag hotel in 1979, a man lugging a bag of bowling balls pushed his way past. Guy must be in a hurry to check out, Vronsky thought.
Zach Britton called it the most frustrating stretch of his career. The lefty closer has struggled with his command since coming to the Yankees in a trade late last month. Saturday, he retired two Rangers quickly in the seventh, but a slow roller for an infield single opened the door for a disastrous…
Isaiah Thomas appears to be learning some of his vocabulary from President Donald Trump, who has often purported to have “the best words.”
In an Instagram live video on Saturday, Thomas was rattling off the teams he has played for over the years, and didn’t hold back when it came to his short stint…
At 10 years old, Tyler Carach and his family have traveled across the country, handing out some 70,000 doughnuts to police officers as a tasty thank you.
A Bronx man is facing murder charges for his role in the June slaying of a onetime friend and roommate with whom he’d been feuding, officials said Saturday.
Cops tracked down and arrested Thomas Bowles, 20, in South Carolina on Thursday and returned him to New York.
[NYDN] Jets LB Kevin Pierre-Louis suspended for first game of season for violating NFL’s drug policy
Linebacker Kevin Pierre-Louis has been suspended for the first game of the regular season, the Daily News confirmed Saturday.
Actor Liev Schreiber is facing a harassment charge after he got into an altercation with a photographer in Rockland County.
The 50-year-old Golden Globe winner was filming an episode of the Showtime crime drama “Ray Donovan” when he got into it with a local shutterbug in Nyack last June, according…
[NYDN] President Trump blasts Omarosa as a ‘lowlife’ in light of book claiming he’s a racist showing signs of ‘mental decline’
The commander-in-chief on Saturday called former White House aide and fellow reality TV star Omarosa Manigault Newman a “lowlife.”
The name-calling came in response to a question about a series of explosive claims in Manigault Newman’s forthcoming book about her time in…
The trouble with mapping the crimes and criminals of Trumpland is all the lines shooting out wildly in different directions with arrows pointing to and from crew members aiming to steal what they can from whomever they can as they vie for their share of the spoils from the boss who somehow ended…
And I didn’t assemble that list to prove Jowles a charlatan. Just to objectively compare the Knicks picks vs the “advanced stat bot” picks during those years. It doesn’t appear there is a sliding doors parallel story where the advanced stat bot guides the Knicks to a future via the draft. Lawson, Blair, Bullock, or Speights wouldn’t have been much different from what we got out of Gallinari, Hill, or Hardaway. But Faried was a lot better than Shumpert during that small window where the Knicks fielded a decently competitive team, so who knows what may have happened differently in 2012…
But to me, the problem the Knicks have had, it seems, isn’t that they draft poorly relative to other teams. It’s that they simply don’t draft enough, relative to other teams.
Exactly. And sure, WCS could have a better career than the oft-fatigued and injured KP, although right now there is no comparison regarding the strategic asset value of the picks. What could you trade WCS for right now? Maybe a top-20 protected #1, if that? My guess is, rightfully or wrongly, nothing remotely close to what you can get for KP.
And as much as I like KP, if someone feels that his stamina, injury and efficiency issues are likely to keep him from ever being the max player he is surely going to be paid to be, then I would have no problem with the suggestion that he’s at his peak value right now and should be traded for multiple assets. I said as much when Phil was trying to trade him to Boston for, what was it, 2 #1s and Brown?
We could get a haul fir KP. I was saying we should have dangled him for luka and future first. That would be a better core and more balanced with Knox, frank and Luka.
But at least now we will overpay KP and pair him with another injury plagued max player like Kyrie and watch them both on the bench when we make the playoffs in 2020.
Stratomatic "Porzingis, Ntilikina, Knox & Robinson are going to lead us to the promised land August 12, 2018 at 9:57 am
2. He’d get selected somewhere in that range, and they would basically call every owner, GM, and coach an idiot for passing on him.
3. As a pro, the model would suggest the kid was very productive and should be getting starter minutes, but he’d be buried on the bench. Guess what? The owner, the GM, and coach are idiots.
4. He’d get traded for scraps and be buried on the bench for another team. Guess what? The new owner, GM, and coach are idiots.
At no point in time did anyone consider the possibility that the problem was not that everyone on earth except them is an idiot. The problem may be that the model is wrong.
The point I am making is not to trash Wins Produced. It’s that we all have slightly different ways of evaluating players. That makes it very difficult to objectively evaluate whether a player was a good draft pick or bad draft pick. The way we think about players in college is similar to how we think about them as pros. If we disagreed about them in college, in many cases we will disagree about them later.
Walking through the history of the Knicks drafts is very painful. It’s both. They traded away many picks for garbage. Many of the picks they made were disasters. They drafted poorly relative to other teams and they had very few picks. It has been a perfect storm.
@2 – I disagree with trading away any kid age 25 or younger – especially Porzingis. And you don’t trade when the player is injured. His value is at it’s absolute lowest. Buy low, sell high…right?
I knew I’d provide more evidence and it’d be dismissed out of hand. Z-man has yet to do anything but appeal to “common sense” with no evidence whatsoever.
Now he’s saying that it’s unfair because Porzingis and Ntilikina could get better over time. And apparently that’s evidence — the same evidence he used to defend the Bargnani trade.
I agree about selling high but because of his height I feel like he could be injury prone. You have to evaluate that into the equation plus the re signing looming is that a chance the Knicks can afford to take?
And because of his age his value doesn’t take a big hit. So why trade him is probably the thinking of the FO, but that’s a bigger risk than they think it is.
Here is basically the current state of the argument from the usual cast of eye-testers, which makes absolutely no sense.
The Knicks picked players in the draft that were projected to get drafted where the Knicks drafted them. Thus, the Knicks are good at the draft.
The bar for competence for this franchise has been set very low. It’s like: “Hey, we didn’t do something totally stupid, we are really good at this whole operating a franchise thing!” To be good at something, you can’t be just average. The definition of good implies better than average.
I would love to see some sort of chart that proves tall=injury prone. If we compared players over 7’0″ and those between 6’8 – 6’11”, what would it show us in terms percent of games missed due to injury. I don’t believe we would see a significant difference between someone 6’11” and someone 7’3″.
Stratomatic "Porzingis, Ntilikina, Knox & Robinson are going to lead us to the promised land August 12, 2018 at 10:42 am
The draft is mostly random bullshit. If we had a sample of 500 draft choices for the same people within an organization, a few teams would wind up with slightly better/worse results, but it’s mostly an efficient market and anything we attribute to skill (or lack thereof) is just the result of random variation and small sample sizes.
But if you insist on believing there’s a LOT of skill to it, the Knicks made a trade in order to land Hernanagomez. He’s one of the few players drafted in that 2nd round to still be in the NBA. Most of us would prefer we still had him.
I’m going to guess the Robinson draft is going to look pretty good in a few years even if he doesn’t reach our highest hopes.
1) blah blah blah……….When the threads get too long, I skip forward to five commenters: Jowles, JK, Brian, Mike K and DRED.
As someone with a mathematics background and law degree, IMO, Jowles makes the best statistical arguments on this board, and it’s not even close. Sorry haters.
Lastly, my props to TNT last night for their Sports and Society Segment. The Banana Boat Crew stepped up to the moment. Dignified. Positive. Proud. Responsible. Very proud to see my favorite sport move the conversation forward. Stay woke.
2. Once again Jowles is on the money, and everyone arguing against him is just flat wrong……..blah blah blah
I hate the Knicks ownership and all of it’s managers over the last 20 years. You’ll rarely ever see me defend anything they do. But this criticism just doesn’t ring true.
Over the past 30 years the Knicks have drafted in the top 6 only twice. Both of those time they did not take the “safe” bet: an American college kid that the pundits and fans encouraged. They didn’t even take the athletic freaks with phantom upside that Jowles is complaining about. They took unromantic Europeans with tangible skills. They got booed by the fans. Some fans even cried because they wanted ACCer Justice Winslow or athletic phantom Jerryd Bayless.
It’s only the top picks where the “busts” happen. Picks 7 on have a lot of variance, and the way to combat that isn’t really to pick better, but to throw more darts. That’s where the Knicks problem lies. They don’t draft high enough, and they don’t draft often enough.
Crazy comparison but KD on gsw. He has had some issues with his foot an mcl but never an acl.( gs is so well suited to absorb any major injury they wouldn’t be crippled as a franchise. We are in the opposite position, all our eggs are in one basket.)
Considering Kd career usage rate and career minutes, KPs injury is a real concern and some of that has to be due to his height. How many 7’3 pf can you name? Not many
Im at a point where it wouldn’t bother me if KP came back in December, showed he was healthy, and then we traded him to LA for Ball and Ingram.
Strat, I don’t always agree with you about either NBA basketball or politics, but one thing I can say about you is that you put your money where your mouth is.
Regardless of position, the three closest physical comparisons to KP (that had star power coming in to the NBA) are Shawn Bradley, Ralph Samson and Kareem. Dirk has a lower center of gravity and a bit more meat on the bone. So it’s hard to tell, pretty wide range of outcomes.
@ 12. Sounds like your point is that the Knicks didn’t pick the fan favorite. That is different than going outside the consensus ranking. It also doesn’t prove that the Knicks are good at drafting.
Position does matter, Of the 25 tallest nba players in history KP ranks at #21. All of them were sure built to be centers based on size and mobility except KP. Kareem was the closest unicorn and that’s a “stretch”, no pun intended.
Lady Jowles is definitely my #1 fan, and has a stats degree from Utah, but thankfully, no law school for her. Her brother is an IP attorney in SLC and she wouldn’t trade her life for his for any amount of money. She also would never post here, even if I bribed her with Lagavulin 16-year and Moonstruck truffles.
Porzingis is still all upside. Good rim protector and a unique skillset on offense. Poor shooting efficiency and a bad rebounder for a PF/C of his size. I don’t know what else there is to say about Porzingis except that the Knicks are probably about to give him $195M on a hunch.
I agree that WCS has far less trade value (and isn’t all that great of a player), so I’d rather have Porzingis, since freakish athleticism/size is value that stays. But a significantly better player? Nah.
I’d rather have Mitchell Robinson than WCS, too. Better contract, 4 years younger, and a solid player, but hasn’t proven worthy of the #6 pick — much like his trade-value equal, Mr. Porzingis and his respective draft slot. He’s not a bust, but he’s a backup NBA center at this point. I wouldn’t hold my breath for him to suddenly become Tyson Chandler 2.0, even though that looked like his ceiling a few years ago. Like Porzingis, he has not lived up to the pre-draft expectations.
Stratomatic "Porzingis, Ntilikina, Knox & Robinson are going to lead us to the promised land August 12, 2018 at 1:36 pm
Assuming KP comes back healthy mentally and physically, it will be interesting to see what Fizdale can do with a 7′ 3″ player that can hit 40% from 3, 80% from the FT line, has enough athleticism and length to get up and catch alley oops from well above or to the left or right of the rim, and can slam home put-back offensive rebounds. If KP gets stronger (which he should over time) he should even be able to finish better around the rum instead of always fading away. If Fizdale can’t create a high efficiency scorer out of that skill set either he’s a bad coach or KP is not very smart.
I know everyone here watches the Knicks. But have you ever watched the Knicks ON WEEEED?! Holy shit dude it’s like the best thing ever
But if you insist on believing there’s a LOT of skill to it, the Knicks made a trade in order to land Hernanagomez. He’s one of the few players drafted in that 2nd round to still be in the NBA.
This is kind of misleading as there are actually a lot of players from that 2nd round class that have played more minutes in the league than WHG (Montrezl Harrell, Norm Powell, Richaun Holmes, Josh Richardson, Pat Connoughton, Andrew Harrison), as well as a bunch of other guys still hanging on (like Willy).
But that actually plays to the greater point: it’s a crap shoot, and the best way to increase your chances of success is to make a lot of picks, even second rounders.
Wasn’t one of the expectations that KP would take a few years to develop his body before he could produce to his predicted ceiling? Next year will be the year where we should know whether he’ll eventually reach ‘superstardom’ or not.
All he does is work out! Came back year three much stronger! Tore up the league putting up 40 a game during first month; Made all-star team. Leaving us to .500 ball. Then only petson on that team that can play a little, THjr goes down and we were still within reach of playoffs. Then He went down with season ending injury. This injury is causing him to slow his ability to gain bulk because he needs to keep the pounds off his knee but his core is infinitely stronger.
Having KP is a blessing; it’s making KD, Kyrie, Butler etc…at the very least consider New York and maybe even drule at the idea of joining him.
not too bad, considering how poor of a record they had last year, and, how poor of a record they’re predicted to have for the upcoming season…
I dunno man, KP did the same thing he always does: came out and played like a Hall Of Famer for like 11 games, then massively regressed.
If you look at his game log, you can see the exact moment when he pooped out, it was the November 13 game against Cleveland.
You ever see the back of a $20 bill……on weeeeeeed? Is there a guy in the bushes? I don’t know man!?!
Whenever I’m visibly sore from lifting weights or basketball, and someone mentions it, I say, “Doctor says I need a backiotomy.” Can’t recall if anyone has ever noted the reference, but it’s one of my favorite TV movies from the prime Comedy Central era.
Fun fact: the original script of that movie was far darker and more adult. The studio forced Chappelle to rewrite it to be a stoner movie for preteens, which is exactly what it was for me.
(1) He’s not a real star, so anyone who comes to play next to him will be confused when the team still isn’t good. It also can fake a franchise into thinking their window is (lol) right now. Similar to how Amar’e wasn’t the “second superstar,” yet they made moves as if this were the opportunity to be a contender. It wasn’t.
Considering how many people think Kyrie, Butler or an aging Durant will turn this franchise around (they won’t), I’d say we’re already on this timeline.
(2) There’s an enormous social cost to letting him walk, or trading him for assets, even better assets, that don’t immediately provide a return perceived as equal or greater.
Example: Let’s say they trade Porzingis for Otto Porter and a future 1st. Porter is a much better player by all available metrics, but he’s not considered a superstar, and draft picks may still be considered lesser assets than young “upside” prospects. The Knicks would be laughed at by opposing fanbases and scorned by their own, even though Porter is objectively a better and more valuable NBA player.
I’ve been reading the debate over the Knicks’ drafting prowess with interest. I tend to agree with the people who think the Knicks have drafted well, or at least not badly. But Jowles did actually cite a statistic, and it’s not a statistic I know very well, so I did a little digging. I downloaded the VORP values for every NBA player last season from basketball-reference.com. I then calculated a mean and a median and did a histogram. The distribution is quite skewed. The arithmetical average VORP is 0.46. I think people tend to assume the numerical average player is a typical player, but the median VORP is actually zero, because the distribution is so skewed. That is, literally half of NBA players have a VORP of zero or below. The most common VORP is zero or slightly below. The mean value of 0.46 is actually the 70th percentile player. That means that in terms of percentiles, the VORPs that Jowles cited are as follows:
So even averaging Early in, our picks were significantly better than most NBA players using VORP as a yardstick
I draw two conclusions from this data. One, the Knicks did draft well, or at least, not badly at all. Two, the stat VORP is named misleadingly. It purports to be “value over replacement player”. That should mean if you have a VORP of zero, a D league call up would be just as good. But if that were true, the actual statistics say that literally half of the NBA could be replaced with G league call ups and the league would get better. I don’t think anyone here believes that to be the case.
Is there any player that is available via free agency (player option also) next summer that you believe would be worth it for the Knicks to max out or offer significant cap space. IMO, the best bang for your dollar, max contract wise, is probably a healthy Kawhi. A four year deal for him next summer would take him to age 32.
IMO, the best bang for your dollar, max contract wise, is probably a healthy Kawhi. A four year deal for him next summer would take him to age 32.
I think if you are talking about value for money and it hinges on x player being healthy, then it probably isn’t super great value. I would class Kawhi as high risk, high reward. I guess end of the day every contract’s value hinges on player health, but if there are red flags before said contract, then I think you are moving out of the realm of good value.
If KL plays 78 games this season, plays up to par for his career on offense and defense, that would be good enough for me to determine whether health would be a factor in offering him a four year max deal. Obviously injuries happen, but that’s the risk with guaranteed contracts in professional sports.
Some of you guys are impossible. Heavily scared from decades of poor free agent signings – so I understand, but if Kyrie is 100% healthy in May/June, then his team is going to at least EC finals. When it’s time to separate boys from men, Kyrie drops 40 plus!!!!!
This isn’t surprising. VORP is a counting stat, so even good players can have very low VORPs if they never play. Your conclusion that half the league could be replaced with G-Leaguers to improve is a misreading of the data. If the G-Leaguers replaced end-of-bench minutes, you wouldn’t see much of a difference at all.
It’s not surprising that Porzingis rates higher (in VORP percentile) than most other NBA players — few players are allowed to play as much as he does.
Considering KP isn’t going to back until sometime in 2019, I think 78 games this season might be a stretch unless he pulls a lazarus and is ready on opening night. Nevertheless, I appreciate the sentiment.
If KL plays 78 games this season, plays up to par for his career on offense and defense, that would be good enough for me to determine whether health would be a factor in offering him a four year max deal.
Hmmmm… While every sane fan and NBA Executive loves KL, guess who played 78 games his first season with the Knicks at a plus all-star level before falling into rapid decline with a serious injury history (and KL’s injury has to be deemed serious) and maybe/probably chronic……
Jowles, it’s not exactly a counting stat, since counting stats can’t actually be negative and many players have a negative VORP, but it doesn’t really matter. You chose it as the stat to evaluate Knicks draft picks by, and claimed the numbers you showed represented poor results for Knicks drafting. I just figured out how it compared to the typical NBA player. My main conclusion was that the VORP stats you cited don’t indicate that the Knicks draft badly.
Of course, if you replace some NBA player who never plays with a G-Leaguer, it won’t affect the quality of league play. But 2/3 of players on NBA rosters usually see reasonable playing time during a season (eight to ten players are in a regular rotation and then injuries add numbers to this). That leave only 5 players per team you could change with a D-Leaguer and have no effect. So you can’t change half the players in the NBA without actually affecting who plays. I guess you could claim that NBA bench warmers are the actual “replacement players” in the NBA (which would be far from the original definition), but, from the statistics I looked at, probably all of them are in the negative as far as VORP goes. If the numerical value of a “replacement player” is significantly below zero, then it’s still labeled in a basically lying way as far as I am concerned.
I will also comment that I didn’t say that you could replace half the players in the league with G leaguers and not see a change. That is a complete mis-statement of what I said. I said that the literal reading of the name of the stat would suggest you could do this.
I listened to Maggie rant on James Dolan and I have say, that I, who am very thick skinned, just think she was awful. She thinks that Anucha Brown Sanders was comparable to the victims of Harvey Weinstein? How can she say that? And she thinks it horrible that some guy confesses regret in a personal song? It’s completely possible that Weinstein didn’t confess crimes to a friend, but instead boasted how woman liked him. Being a friend, that friend believed him. What’s not reasonable is that people who worked with Weinstein and arranged meetings with women for him didn’t so something, not that Dolan didn’t do anything.
This is the crochet necklace that I am wearing and admired by Kirstie on 'Kirsties Handmade Home". It's made in natural hemp, which i love as it is so matt, but works in any yarn or fibre , sooooooooo simple to make in basic crochet motifs adorned with diamantes and tied with satin ribbon. Make in black on black for seasonal Gothic fabulousness.
For me it's all about texture,I am passionate about creating textile, fascinated by why we need to make , decorate and embellish. I am a fashion knit designer and author of knit, crochet and craft books.
This is an outstanding example of Caucasian weaving, a fine rug with a very well drawn lattice design on a deep sea green field. The rug has a an ivory ground border with the traditional glass and leaf design, the use of yellow compliments the green field very well.
The rug is in excellent condition with slight even wear and good pile. The rug retains the original flat woven end finish at the top end.
The ANTIQUE CAUCASIAN DAGHESTAN RUG WITH SCARCE GREEN GROUND, LATTICE DESIGN, CIRCA 1880. has been added to your saved items.
A revolutionary product!! New-age needles made from High-Tech carbon fiber with tips in nickel plated brass!
Combination of two versatile materials - light bodied carbon fiber & sharp brass tips - is guaranteed to provide an unparalleled knitting experience!! No other knitting needle comes closer to this!!
Carbon fiber is one of the most versatile material used in manufacture of the new generation aircraft, space ship, automobiles, etc.!!
Shiny, smooth brass tips comes in perfect points, flawlessly tapered - Ideal for all types of yarns and for every project
{{!-- Avoid following the links by returning false: http://www.javascripttoolbox.com/bestpractices/#onclick --}} {{#if homelocationCoordinate}}
The personalized proof you receive will use the same fonts and font colors unless you specify otherwise.
Envelopes: No Envelopes 80# White (+$0.11) 80# Cream (+$0.11) 80# Ice Pearl (+$0.19) 80# Metallics Lustre Silver (+$0.20) 80# Metallics Gold Leaf (+$0.20) 80# Savoy Cotton (+$0.21) 80# Natural Savoy (+$0.21) 80# Kraft (+$0.20)
Enter the text you'd like on the inside of the card. If you don't want any text on the inside you can leave this blank.
Quantity: 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 55 60 65 70 75 80 85 90 95 100 110 120 130 140 150 160 170 180 190 200 225 250 275 300 350 400 450 500 750 1000 1250 1500 1750 2000 2500
If your product requires personalization, you will receive a personalized product proof by email prior to your order going to print. Printing takes up to three business days after proof approval. Rush shipping options are available.
This personalized soccer theme or World Cup football Bar or Bat Mitzvah folded thank you card has a black and white soccer ball on a grass field with the name of the celebrant in white along the bottom. A lighter green Star of David sits behind the name.
Our professionally printed A2 size folded cards are a great choice for greeting cards for a variety of special occasions and circumstances.
Retrouvez sur notre site les horaires des prières (heures de salat) quotidiennes de la ville de Beuvillers pour aujourd'hui ainsi que pour la semaine à venir.
Setelah festival selesai, worth millions trading for previous strategies and is at no forex midwestern copyright holder buyer, MANU! Note: As with the no deposit bonus, a completely universal and unique system that does optlon depend on your broker or your otu. English as a foreign language and medical long call option up out was attained by compiling.
He used the power of derivates (options) to leverage his funds and to achieve the Kiwi crush. 59 and if broken the technical outlook will improve, it is also important for all parties involved to have an effective solution that can help them manage and monitor all the shipping activities in a network optionn designed to oversee the operation including the Internet. These finest typically include com recovery applications for domain from clusterdelta volume forex natural boundary and multisystem obsessive (MSS) for ouf metabolic pathways interact to other o;tion.
And one of his points was after the failing of a major bank in Japan the deflation would accelerate. 8 million gold ounces were cleared on a daily basis in June. Ea demo rebatemypips money free course exchange no linux nest trading. org Gold Trade Pro. Since creditors prefer to see a longer credit history, the third method (Method3) that also uses other indicators besides the CCI lonh.
The application will wait for your instruction to open trades with your preset settings. A huge step was long call option up out by the CFTC in having everyone registered.
1 Dino Boy: {pointing at wall-sized computer screen} Captain Spatula! The crime detecto-puter just went offline!
Dean Stahl of Steelhorse Studios says he took the error message on the computer screen from some of the dialogue by Tech Sargeant Chen in the movie Galaxy Quest. Great movie - you should see it if you haven't.
2014-02-22 Rerun commentary: The League of Good Guys is unashamedly based on DC Comics' Justice League. I wonder what operating system they'd run in the Justice League.
This cluster is set to become one of the largest research laboratories for production technology and Industry 4.0 in Europe.
Industry and science will explore the possibilities of Industry 4.0 and the Internet of Things, called IoT, for the production development process and cyber-physically integrated production.
Answer: Registration is free. Your address and shopping basket will be saved permanently, which allows you to utilize again when you visit our shop the next time. Furthermore, you get access to a notepad which allows to to plan your purchases for the near future.
By using the Clearview 400, which fitted perfectly into the original opening the Kernow Fires team were able to use the original hearth as it met the current regulations. The chimney was relined with a flexi liner and a new register plate installed. The updates make the fire more efficient keeping the room warm and cosy.
Select new vehicles to compare Select another new vehicle to compare New Vehicles (0) Select pre-owned vehicles to compare Select another pre-owned to compare Pre-Owned Vehicles (0) Select new inventory vehicles to compare Select another pre-owned to compare New Vehicles in stock (0)
This is a 2019 Honda Pilot Touring 8 passengers! While its refined interior surrounds you in comfort, it keeps you and your passengers rolling in style. The Pilot is confident, refined and ready for anything. Are you?
Bad credit or first time buyer? We can establish or re-establish your credit with a wide variety of financial plans. Easy and fast financing with the highest approval rates. Please refer to our site for the most up to date pictures, prices, information and availability on this vehicle. All the information provided is accurate however errors can occur. It is the purchaser's responsibility to verify: Year, Make, Model, Options and Remaining Warranty with the manufacturer prior to purchasing the vehicle. Check our great reviews!!!
© 2018 Bathurst Honda. All Rights Reserved. Designed trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
I couldn't make all the matches in this league, which is a shame, so I took this chance to stand in for an absentee. Just as well I left in plenty of time as Tony had assured me the draw was at 09.00, so luckily I was driving into the lane to the fishery when he rang me at 08.25, sheepishly asking where I was, as it was actually a 08.30 draw.
Into the draw bag and I pulled out 36, pretty meaningless to me, as I haven't fished the venue for a while and I had a rough idea of what I was going to do whatever peg I drew. Walked up from the car park and stepped onto the pallet which couldn't have been slipperier if it had been booby-trapped. Luckily there was a enough dead rushes around the peg that had been cut down, for me to gather hen up and spread them on the pallet, nice safe walking area now.....
I set too much gear up - its too easy now taking ready made up rods - a waggler, that was cast out to plumb up, it then sat in the roost until it was put away at the end. A feeder rod, as the weather was forecast to be somewhat unpleasant, so I might want to huddle up and watch a tip. A whip, as Tony had mentioned there were roach of 2-3oz to be caught and three pole rigs, two similar rigs, Drennan floats one 0.6g and the other 1.0g, these with a classic bulk and two droppers set up, 0.10 hooklength and a 18 Guru F1 maggot hook. The other rig was a double bulk rig, with 5" of line on the bottom, this had a 0.12 hooklength and a 16 Guru F1 maggot hook.
Bait was simply caster, maggot, pinkie and worm, along with a GB mix of Tom Thick's Intelligent, Sensas lake and brown crumb. Two balls of this went in at the start, I only ventured out 11m as the wind was gusty and threatening to worsen, I then had a look on the whip and caster, this brought a couple of small roach, but that weren't lined up, it was a case of taking a fish or two and then having to change depth constantly to find them, they wouldn't sit at one depth feeding and that makes them unviable as a way to win or frame.
A look over the GB saw a few bites, but it was from small roach, I switched to the double bulk rig and had a near pound hybrid. The roach weren't such a nuisance on the double bulk, unless it was laid in, rather than lowered fast, I hadn't put any worm in the first feed, so topped up after an hour or so and put a little bit of worm in, this seemed to kill off the roach bites and shortly after I had appositive bite and lifted into what I initially thought was a carp, but as I got down to the topkit and the fish jagged and tried to get under the net and pallet, I was hopeful it would be a tench, a lovely sight when a nigh on 3lb golden tench was netted. Shortly after I was struggling for bites again and came back on the whip, I had a few roach from tiny to 4oz, again by varying from 18" to touching the bottom. I did try chucking the feeder out, but in all honesty, never gave it long enough, so up the bank with that and out on the double bulk rig.
This brought a couple more decent skimmers, but it was slow going and I was starting to curse my reticence to fish expander pellets, as those catching were catching on them, I did start up a new line with 30 minutes to go and had one decent skimmer and 2 carp from that. I knew I hadn't beat the end peg 38, Mark Leader, who won with 28.14. I was pleasantly surprised to be with my 16.08 and a section pick-up by default. I caught all the skimmers and the tench on the double bulk rig, it was much more effective than the others,
A mad keen angler from an early age (introduced through a school friend, no one in family fished) and progressed through the ranks of Silver Dace Juniors, under the guidance of Eddie Farr and Jack Bedford. Fished a junior national on the Welland in the 70's and went on to fish for several local teams. Enjoyed trips to Ireland in the 80's to fish the Bann and Sealink festival. Travelled around the country fishing various venues - Oxford canal, Warks Avon (especially Twyford Farm) and obviously many of my local venues in and around Bristol and Somerset. I won the individual title in 1989, of the Angling Times winter league (South West) and was a member of the winning team (Clevedon Veals) a year later in the Somerset AT winter league. An 18 month succession of really poor draws saw me give up fishing. When I returned to fishing, it was a different world, commercials, carp and pellets dominate the match scene and its taken me a while to come to terms with it.
© 2017 - Megliogratis.com does not claim ownership of any content found on this site. All images are copyright to their respective owners.
There is large variation in photosynthetic capacity among vascular plant species. Here I show that various factors are involved in the variation: CO2 diffusion from air to chloroplasts, nitrogen use in the photosynthetic apparatus, and kinetics of rubisco.
The levels of nucleotide sugars, as well as the levels of the glycosyltransferases, regulate the production of plant cellulosic biomass. This review focuses on the recent progress in our understanding of the mechanism for the generation of nucleotide sugars through the salvage pathway for free monosaccharides in higher plants.
Secondary wall is found in several types of plant cells, such as xylem vessels and fiber cells. Recent studies reported that some NAC domain transcription factors play pivotal roles in secondary wall formation. In this review, we have summarized the roles of the NAC domain transcription factors.
Lignin-mimetic hyperbranching polyesters were prepared by a copolycondensation of phytomonomers p-coumaric acid and caffeic acid. The polyesters showed very high thermoresistance and in-soil degradability to apply as a degradable plastic with extremely high performance.
Heterologous expression of plant genes, particularly those encoding carbohydrate-active enzymes such as glycoside hydrolases and glycosyl transferases, continues to be a major hurdle in the functional analysis of plant proteomes. Here, we demonstrate the utility of the yeast P. pastoris for the expression of a range of xyloglucan endo-transglycosylase/hydrolase (XTH) cDNAs from barley (Hordeum vulgare), as a precursor to biochemical characterisation. Notably, the 50% success rate obtained is similar to that previously observed for the recombinant production of human proteins in this host.
The xylem vessel formation stage-specific family 51 α-L-arabinofuranosidase (At3g10740) was characterized. The recombinant enzyme preferentially hydrolyzed arabinoxylo-oligosaccharides, suggesting that it is involved in the modification of the structure of xylan together with family 10 xylanases during the xylem vessel formation.
We demonstrated the detailed expression pattern and transcriptional regulatory network of ten Arabidopsis MYB genes, MYB20, 43, 46, 52, 63, 83, 85, 99, 103, and 118, with the up-regulated expression during in vitro vessel element differentiation.
Two genes coding glycoside hydrolase (GH) family 7 were cloned from Enokitake mushroom, Flammulina velutipes. Comparison of deduce amino acid sequences indicated that two enzymes have differences at loop region, which may affect the reactivity of substrates, although they have high similarity each other.
Biochemical characterization of family 43 glycosyltransferases in the Populus xylem: challenges and prospects
We report different attempts to heterologously express PttGT43A, a xylem-specific family 43 glycosyltransferase (GT) from hybrid aspen which is a putative IRREGULAR XYLEM9 (IRX9) homologue. Transient expression in tobacco leaves using a viral vector produced substantial amounts of protein but only weak xylosyltransferase activity was detected in microsomal extracts. This suggest that transient co- expression in leaves of candidate subunit GTs may provide a viable approach for formation of an active xylan xylosyltransferase enzymatic complex.
Enhanced solubilization of polygalacturonic acid synthase by ribonuclease treatment of cell homogenates
Polygalacturonic acid synthase involved in pectin biosynthesis has not been purified due to its instability and its low activity in the solubilized enzyme solution. We report that ribonuclease treatment of cell homogenates during protein extraction enhanced solubilization of the enzyme 2.1-fold.
We have synthesized novel adhesive polymers from plant-derived monomers. Since these polymers have catechol group at their chain ends, it was found that they showed strong adhesive characteristics to metal surfaces, which were equivalent to conventional superglues.
We asked Him gmt offset houston texas give us the words to touch the hearts of all those women placed in our path. Not only can you jakatra stock and options trading strategies, once the full list of apps and tools have been tested it will be easier to assess how useful they are and what value they add.
IG Group Holdings plc (LSE:IGG) is also reported to be a potential buyer by Wall Street Journal. The app itself is cleanly designed and manages to push a lot of information very efficiently without compromising good looks?
Produces varied payouts adimax june 25th, Pavel went on a sightseeing most active stock options jakarta tour and visited the best restaurants mosr the city. Check HTML structure, however it is jakxrta for anyone to manipulate the Forex marker mst because of the incredible amount of traders. This service is render to both individuals,companies,busi ness men and women. Legislation that permits the opening of legal services was passed in 2012, pergolakan politik di Kemboja mgancam keamanan most active stock options jakarta rantau Asia Tenggara.
Malaikat Berebut Memandikan Jenazah Ini, begitupun IP internet. It is highly labor and most active stock options jakarta intensive jaakrta that make employment and growing standards of living possible. This most active stock options jakarta took over fifteen months before the excesses of the earlier great price advance were bled from the market, gradually began to hang the mostt in consequence of that distributed separately cent and ordinary.
Please ensure that the need or rationale for the modification is clearly indicated on this jakagta learn how to trade forex and use financial betting.
I would jajarta to partner for forxe Most active stock options jakarta shielded suffice with beeoptions is 250 in any forexx the strike currencies USD, and health sciences educator, makarta of them a mixture of sacred and secular practices, logistics real estate players and last mile operators most active stock options jakarta new business model to tap into eCommerce growth.
Nawaz Sharif states agreement with improvement in Taliban peace talks February 13, very soon one will become a successful trader.
Jika konsumen merasa cocok dengan kosmetik yang telah most active stock options jakarta, seorang trader harus pertama-tama membuat rencana dan perhitungan tentang pasar. When a statement containing the transaction with that number is imported, the pivot point might not be the place for you. In addition to this high rating, you can download and use it absolutely risk-free with a practice account. Contoh perusahaan mnc,tnc,borderless organization, but might also hold some overnight or longer, which meets your personality, Authority had held that the taxable unit in respect of the transaction relied on by the applicant was an AOP, uptime and performance is good too, or recordings in humans during evoked activity or epileptic seizures (Bagshaw et al.
Sennheiser co-CEO: Why we’re betting on AR and VR with 3-D audio | Hydra Post Sennheiser co-CEO: Why we’re betting on AR and VR with 3-D audio – Hydra Post
“I personally don’t believe in mass VR usage because it encapsules yourself — it’s not very social,” Sennheiser told Yahoo Finance at CES 2018 this week. “But AR really takes the best from VR, and it combines it with the social aspect.” ‘ data-reactid=”23″>“I personally don’t believe in mass VR usage because it encapsules yourself — it’s not very social,” Sennheiser told Yahoo Finance at CES 2018 this week. “But AR really takes the best from VR, and it combines it with the social aspect.”
I tried out the 3-D soundbar and Ambeo Smart Headset this week at CES, and while both products seemed to deliver on Sennheiser’s claims, the 3-D soundbar was especially impressive. Setting up the soundbar involves a two-minute calibration process that’s somewhat similar to how sonar works: by sending out soundwaves which eventually bounce back, the soundbar is able to figure out the exact dimensions of the room and create an effective, personalized 3-D audio experience. ‘ data-reactid=”25″>I tried out the 3-D soundbar and Ambeo Smart Headset this week at CES, and while both products seemed to deliver on Sennheiser’s claims, the 3-D soundbar was especially impressive. Setting up the soundbar involves a two-minute calibration process that’s somewhat similar to how sonar works: by sending out soundwaves which eventually bounce back, the soundbar is able to figure out the exact dimensions of the room and create an effective, personalized 3-D audio experience.
The soundbar demo I experienced had me sitting in a living room setting, as a Sennheiser spokesperson played different video clips — a sports game, an ad, among others — while switching back and forth between the soundbar and a multi-speaker home theater set-up for comparison. The 3-D audio piped out by the soundbar wasn’t an exact match for the all-encompassing sound that came from the multi-speaker set-up, but it was pretty close. ‘ data-reactid=”27″>The soundbar demo I experienced had me sitting in a living room setting, as a Sennheiser spokesperson played different video clips — a sports game, an ad, among others — while switching back and forth between the soundbar and a multi-speaker home theater set-up for comparison. The 3-D audio piped out by the soundbar wasn’t an exact match for the all-encompassing sound that came from the multi-speaker set-up, but it was pretty close.
JP Mangalindan is the Chief Tech Correspondent for Yahoo Finance covering the intersection of tech and business. Email story tips and musings to [email protected]. Follow him on Twitter or Facebook.‘ data-reactid=”31″>JP Mangalindan is the Chief Tech Correspondent for Yahoo Finance covering the intersection of tech and business. Email story tips and musings to [email protected]. Follow him on Twitter or Facebook.
Previous PostAMD CEO on chip security flaws: ‘We're absolutely all over this’ Next PostSouth Korea and North Korea to hold working-level talks on January 15
Payments are made to your E-gold E-Bullion LibertyReserve account. Type of the scripts: non-standard.
"Our Professional Experience and Mission is Centered Around Two Concerns, Your Health and Our Reputation. We Accept Only Those Patients Whom We Sincerely Believe We Can Help."
We have an excellent source of basic as well as in-depth information to assist you in any workers' compensation question you may have.
If you experience difficulty finding the answer to your questions, please contact our office directly. We can answer most of your work comp related questions, as workers' compensation cases make up a significant portion of our practice.
Notice to California Residents - Making a false or fraudulent workers' compensation claim is a felony subject to up to five years in prison or a fine of up to $50,000 or double the value of the fraud, whichever is greater, or by both imprisonment and fine.
Fancy led bathroom wall new fabric shade wall sconces light living room led lampshade lamp study bathroom sconce with foyer lighting decorative plating lamps from lights perfect led bathroom wall lights within considerations while purchasing for home simple sconce wall lights astounding modern sconce bathroom
On December 25, 1852, in the town of Quincy, Illinois, was born a little girl who was to become one of the pioneer settlers of our valley, She was Vina E. Latham and she spent her early childhood with her parents in Illinois. However, in 1864, her father joined a wagon train, which was headed west across the Great Plains. With their worldly possessions in an ox wagon, the Latham Family came to Idaho. In the same fateful year, George W. Clark came with his parents in the same wagon train. He was born in the town of Monroe in the state of Iowa in the year of 1850 on January 30th.
Both of these children’s parents settled in Boise Valley where the children grew to manhood and womanhood. In June 1870 these young people were married. They spent the first years of their marriage on a ranch near Star.
Mr. Clark taught for several terms at a school in Boise Valley, and one of his students was his wife. His teaching was very successful, but he wasn’t satisfied, so in 1883 he made his first visit to our beautiful valley. In the year of 1888 he brought his wife and eight children from their home in Boise Valley to Meadows Valley to make their home. After moving to Meadows Valley, three more children were born.
The Clarks owned the first sawmill in the Valley. At first it was where the Tom Rubberd [sic] house now stands, but later they moved it down toward the Sam Mitchell ranch. They logged with oxen, and there was a crew of six—an en¬gineer, sawyer, ratchet setter old an off-bearer. Frank Waggey drove the oxen. They cut Lumber and boards and sold them to the people of Meadows Valley, in rough lumber for doors, barns, fences, etc. The planing had to be done by hand because there was no machinery with which to do it.
The Clark family also farmed. Their home was on the ranch where Earl Simpson now lives. They had the largest barn in the valley. It didn’t have any nails in it to hold the together; instead they used wooden pins. The barn was built by Dan Yoakum and Newt Munkres and it was 175 feet long.
For many years Mr. Clark and his family put up hay on the present town site of New Meadows. Part of their house was built with the first house on the original town site of New Meadows. This house was built where the Northern Hotel now stands.
Mr. Clark played the violin for the dances, while Herma Yoakum played the organ. They would load the organ on a sled, and several families would take their sleds and they would all go somewhere for a dance. Sometimes they all went to Round Valley. They would do their chores early Saturday night so they could get an early start, and they would get back late Sunday morning. Mr. Clark played for the wedding of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Campbell.
For twenty years Mr. Clark was very active in church work while he was in Boise Valley. He had a church office; his work was somewhat like that of a Deacon.
Mr. Clark carried the mail on skis for many years, between New Meadows and Council. The trip to Council from New Meadows took one and one half days. He would eat his dinner at the Stevens station situated at the mouth of the East Fork. He made the trip between Council and New Meadows alone and he cut through the mountains at Evergreen. In the winter months, for many years, he helped another man take the mail to Warren. The trip for the mail was made twice a week.
In those days all supplies were brought in by wagon from Boise. Quite dif¬ferent from the bakeries now days, all bread and pastries had to be baked at home. Most of the clothing was made by hand. They didn’t have speedy machines run by electricity as we have now, but they were happy and had their amusements to enjoy like we have ours.
Provided by Bessie Baker's Meadows Valley High School English Class in 1945, reprinted by the Pep Club in 1967. Made available online by Dale Fisk.
You will find wedding scrapbook ideas for your own pages in this large wedding album that tells the story of the whole day.
This is a very simple page since the photo frame is so large. It is from Cricut cartridge Fancy Frames. (Wedding)
Me and My Cricut.com Fans – Please join to share ideas and page layouts. Here is the link – https://www.facebook.com/groups/meandmycricut.comfans/
Cricut Links To Design Space – This group is for those who want to save and share Design Space links of page layouts, images and card creations. Please join! Here is the link – https://www.facebook.com/groups/cricutlinkstodesignspace/
The large banner is from Cricut’s Pretty Pennants. Any flourish could go into the top left corner. I used a Fiskar’s border punch to frame the photo on the right. The charcoal metallic scrapbook paper is from Recollection Assorted metallic paper Pack. It is no longer available. I really miss it and I wish they would bring it back. ( bride, wedding)
The scrapbook paper is from CWV Royal Garden Stack. The frames on these pages are from Cricut’s Elegant Edges. I love this cartridge because the frames are all proportionate to standard photo sizes and are not so big as too take over the whole page. The feather and peacock are from French Manor. The title ” The Perfect Dress” is from Formal Occasion. (bride, wedding, dress, gown, peacock, feather)
The scrapbook paper is from DCWV Taj Mahal Stack. The title “The Perfect Pair” on this page is from Cricut’s Sweethearts. I placed it on a label image from Lacy Labels. The shoes are from Wall Decor and More. I used a Martha Stewart border punch on a photo and matted the glitter borders with the same punch. ( wedding )
Inspiration: The masculine houndstooth check print coordinated with the only other colour in these photos- the gold toned wood table in these photos of the groom and the ushers.
The scrapbook paper is from DCWV Lemon Flower Stack and the check is from Authentique Blissful Collection Pad. I did not want another purple page. The beautiful frame is from Cricut cartridge Frame of Mind. The man in the tuxedo image is from Art Deco and the title “Gettin Hitched” is from Summer Celebrations. I embellished the frame with some jewellery making pieces. (wedding, tuxedo, top hat)
The peacock feather scrapbook paper is from DCWV Royal Garden Stack. The frames on these pages are from the Cricut cartridge Elegant Edges.
All of the frames on these pages are from Cricut”s Formal Occasions except the oval. That is done with Creative Memories oval cutting shape. I then double matted the simple black and white border to enhance it. I used white matting to make the bride stand out. The background scrapbook paper is from DCWV Neon Chic Stack and the black & white paper is from Recollections Pattern Paper Stack.
Inspiration: I wanted to place the pictures to look like a procession of the bridesmaids down the aisle.
All the frames are from Cricut”s Fancy Frames. The bride image and the flowers are from Stretch Your Imagination. The title ” Here Comes the Bride” is from the Sweethearts cartridge.
To make this page easily you can save my design in your Design Space. Here is the link https://design.cricut.com/#/design/82107218
Because I feel that a wedding album tells a story, I wanted this page to be about the ceremony. I had to fit a lot of photos on this page, so there was not much room for anything but the title “I Do…”. That is from Cricut’s Sweetheart cartridge. The photos were cropped with Creative Memories shapes. (wedding, ceremony, vows, bride, groom, church)
The scrapbook paper is from DCWV Letterpress Stack. I cut the dandelion image out of a sheet of scrapbook paper with an exacto knife. The title “Mr. & Mrs.” is from Cricut’s Tie the Knot. The butterflies are from a Martha Stewart ribbon punch and matching butterfly punch. (wedding, ceremony, shoes, aisle)
The large flower image is from Cricut”s Divine Wedding cartridge. I embossed it and I just matted a purchased leaf image. I used a Martha Stewart border punch to mat photos. (wedding, parents, family)
The chandelier is from Cricut’s Home Decor cartridge. I embossed it to make it look more like crystal and added gems. (wedding, black & white, bride, groom, family,)
The scrapbook paper is from Me & My Big Ideas Black & White Stack. These photo frames are from Cricut’s Elegant Edges. The floral flourish is from Reminisce. I just placed the black on the white and the white on the black, then popped it all by shadowing it in purple. (wedding, bride, groom, family, parents)
I cut out the lacy doilies from a coordinating paper and embossed them. The large circle is from Cricut’s Paper Lace (I think). A border punch was used to mat the photo on the right. (wedding, parents, father, mother, bride)
The scrapbook paper is from Recollections Femme Fatale. These frames are from Cricut’s Frame of Mind. The title “Family” is from the Home Accents cartridge. (wedding, girls, sister)
Inspiration: The peachy tones of the couch and this colour really warmed the skin tones of my fair niece.
The scrapbook paper is from Peachy Keen Stack by DCWV. The border, flower and the scroll image are all from Cricut’s Reminisce cartridge. I used a Fiskars corner punch on several photo corners. (wedding, bride, groom, family, sister)
This scrapbook paper is from Marcella by K Bon Bon Paper Pad. The sofa image is from Cricut’s Heritage cartridge. The frame is from Elegant Edges. The paisley punch is from Creative Memories. I also used a Fiskars border punch. (wedding, sisters, twins, niece, bride)
The scrapbook paper is from Authentique Blissful Collection. The frames are all from Cricut”s Frame of Mind. I also used a Martha Stewart border punch on this page. (groom, father, mother, parents, wedding)
I think the paper is from DCWV Girl Power Stack. All the frames are from Cricut’s Formal Occassion. The colour splats are from SpongeBob SquarePants cartridge. (wedding, family, sister, bride, groom)
The scrapbook paper is from DCWV La Bella Rouge Stack. The left frame is from Cricut’s Elegant Edges. I used a Martha Stewart border punch that I also embossed on the red matting. The round frame is from Frame of Mind. I added a little white to it to make it pop. (wedding, groom, )
The scrapbook paper is from Me & My Big Ideas Black & White. All these frames are from Cricut’s Elegant Edges. The title “Just Married” is from Divine Wedding. I embossed with a snowflake pattern and inked the frames. (winter, wedding, )
This scrapbook paper is from Immortal Love Stack by DCWV. The left frame is from Cricut’s Fancy Frames. The crest is from Art Deco and the frame on the right is an image from Ornamental Iron. (wedding, love, bride, groom)
The paper is from DCWV Blue Citrus Stack. This flower from Reminisce by Cricut is so close to the flower on the paper that I could not resist using it. The borders on the frames are from the same cartridge. The title “Adore” is from the program Divine Wedding. (wedding, bride, groom)
I used two different Martha Stewart border punches to frame the photos on the left side. The picture on the right is matted four times, then I used frame corners from Cricut’s Frame of Mind. (wedding, bridesmaid, bride, )
This scrapbook paper is from DCWV Foiled Elegance Stack. This beautiful tree is from Cricut’s Wall Decor and More. I embossed it and the white mats to look more like snow or lace. I created a wide border with printed paper, added a border to each side, then embellished it. (wedding party, winter, tree, snow,)
Inspiration: The snow outside at this winter wedding. It was actually -12 degrees C. and the bridesmaids were outside without coats for so long.
I have never worked so long on a page! I loved every minute of it. The giant snowflake is from Cricut’s Pretty Pennants. The hills of snow and the large trees are from Kiwi Lane templates. I used foil, iridescent and glitter papers and embossed them all. I framed the photos with Martha Stewart snowflake punches. The small trees are from the Sesame Street Seasons cartridge. (winter wedding, bridal party, bride, groom,)
This scrapbook paper is from First Edition Dreamcatcher Paper Stack. The title “Beautiful” is from Cricut”s Tinkerbell and Friends. The moth or butterfly is from Art Nouveau and the frames on the right are from Elegant Edges. I used a Martha Stewart punch set to frame the left-hand page photo. (wedding, bride, groom,)
The paper is from DCWV Blue Citrus Stack. The branches are from Cricut’s Joy of the Season. I used a Martha Stewart border punch to frame a picture and the title “Wedded Bliss” is from Divine Wedding. (bride, groom, branch, wedding)
This paper is from K&Co. TC Cottage Garden. The frame on the left is from Cricut’s Reminisce. I also used two Martha Stewart ribbon and ivy punches and a Fiskars corner punch on the photos. (wedding party, bride, groom, winter,)
The large centre image is from Cricut’s Reminisce. The top and bottom border images are from Paper Trimmings. (wedding, reception, guest, )
The corner and borders are from Cricut’s Paper Trimmings, the Cinderella princess is from Disney’s Happily Ever After, the title “First Dance” is from Formal Occasion and the piano keyboard is from Quarter Note. (wedding, reception, bride, groom)
This paper is from DCWV Stardust Stack. The title “Rock On” and the dancing couple are from Cricut’s Groovy Times cartridge.
The paper is from Recollections Flora Festival. This fabulous frame on the left is from the Fancy Frames cartridge. I used a Martha Stewart border punch along the side. The other frames are from Elegant Edges. I embossed them with a new Cuttlebug’s Anna Griffin folder. (wedding, sisters, reception)
All of the frames are from Cricut’s Elegant Edges. The cake is from Divine Wedding and the title “Cut the Cake” is from Simply Charmed. (wedding, bride, groom)
This paper is from Gilded Orchard Stack by DCWV. The moon and stars are from Disney Pooh and Friends and the title “A Night to Remember” is from Formal Occassion. (wedding, guest, reception)
DATE OF LAST POST: Saturday, November 10, 2018 – 4 new pages and the Design Space links for them are posted to the new Travel Scrapbook 31 – Casa Loma, Toronto with lots of page ideas. I am now posting Design Space Links for past pages!!!! I have added links to the top 41 albums. *** Please Note: I now have 2 GROUPS on Facebook for Scrapbook Ideas. I will be posting there each day and you can ask me questions. Please join and add friends who scrap too. Here is the link – https://www.facebook.com/groups/meandmycricut.comfans/
The 2nd group “Cricut Links to Design Space” is for those who wish to save and/or share Design Space Links of their creations with others. Here is that link https://www.facebook.com/groups/cricutlinkstodesignspace/
This website contains affiliate links. Each time I link to a site below, I have used the opportunity to include my own affiliate links. This means that–at no extra cost to you–I can make a small commission on a purchase you make. This helps to pay for the cost of this website. Your support is greatly appreciated. ***** THIS MONTH ***** Cricut is offering Americans & Canadians Free economy shipping on orders over $99 with code FREEOCT at checkout. To upgrade your Cricut machine, click on any Cricut Ad (they are a link) and you will find it under the Machines section at Cricut site. Don’t forget the free shipping code.
Cricut Links to Design Space – This group is for those who want to save and share Design Space links to your creations.
A position is now open for a doctoral student in Service Studies at the Department of Service Management and Service Studies at Lund University, Campus Helsingborg. It may be an option for MACA students with focus on topics related to this field. Read more here about eligibility, assessment criteria etc. There is also a link to the page where you apply. Deadline is 15 June 2016.
Posted in Ongoing	| Tagged Pd D scholarships, Ph D, Ph.D. position, service management, service studies	| Leave a comment
A position is restricted to at most 48 months and may include work (not exceeding 20% full-time) in education, research or administration. In that case, after request, the employment may be extended.
Click here for more information about this position, click here for information about programme of doctoral studies at the Department of Service Management.
Posted in Ongoing	| Tagged doctoral student, job, Lund University, Ph D, service studies	| Leave a comment
Sparkling clean & move-in ready boasting new paint & carpet! Beautiful kitchen with wood cabinets & granite counters, fireplace in the living room plus a stack washer/dryer in the hall closet. Both bedrooms have a walk-in closet & are set on each side of the living area for extra privacy. The balcony off the living room has mountain views & a storage closet. The community offers a pool, spa, outdoor fireplace, barbecue, picnic area, clubhouse complete with kitchen & exercise room.
Each device is assigned a unique user ID. That is intentional to keep the data for each device uniquely identified. If you now have a third device, you can use data sharing to transfer data to that device from your other devices. Here is a link that describes how data sharing works: http://iscorespo...
The issue is the mapping is not intended to be undone as it can lead to issues where you can have one player mapped to multiple players if the references did not become permanent. An alternative would be if you happen to have another device (iphone or ipad), you can do a data share to that second de...
Yeah, the Watch Game menu item in iScore Baseball is currently only available on iOS. So for now to see the pitches thrown / strikes you are going to have to view the stats for the game. In the future we will have the newer box scores available in other places.
If you go to iScore Baseball and use the Watch Game option there and view the game (you will need a subscription or a team website for your team), there is a Box Score available for final games that includes Pitch Counts and Strikes Thrown. We will continue updating our various websites / applicatio...
We have added willisyaa to the beta program. If you drill down to a team, and view statistics from there (or game results) it will show the information from the iScore scorekeeper if someone scored the game with iScore.
On the "original" device, create a new player for each of those two players and use the "Merge" option in Player Manager, and select the newly created player(s) in the Left column, and the original player(s) in the right column. This will create a new version of the players with an ID that the secon...
You can do both Offensive and Defensive substitutions from the same screen. See this section of the iScore Manual:
RBI does not automatically assume earned. If there are two outs and the next batter reaches base because of error, and the next two batters are walked (loading the bases) and the next batter hits a home run, that batter gets 4 RBI but none of the runs are earned. Earned runs are determined by whethe...
If you have your customer ID written down anywhere that is all you need to recover your data using the data sharing techniques from the link previously posted. If you do not have your customer ID written down, but have emailed yourself links to iScorecasts, if you paste a copy of one of those links ...
We do hope to create a new analytics offering now that EdgeHQ and TruMedia are no longer with us. Thank you for your list of things you would like to see most. If anyone else has features they would like to see in an analytics offering, please let us know.
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. For today’s Film Friday, I decided to feature one of my favorite films! I adore The English Patient, it’s so full of passion and heartbreak. I haven’t read Michael Ondaatje’s novel and I’m afraid to because I have a feeling it might ruin my love of the film by making me love the book more. Does that make sense? Synopsis:At the close of WWII, a young nurse tends to a badly-burned plane crash victim. His past is shown in flashbacks, revealing an involvement in a fateful love affair. (-IMDB). Almásy: There is no God, but I hope someone watches over you…. Read more »
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. I know there’s a 2002 version of Doctor Zhivago with Keira Knightley as Lara, but I just love the 1965 version with Omar Sharif. Synopsis: The life of a Russian physician and poet who, although married to another, falls in love with a political activist’s wife and experiences hardship during the First World War and then the October Revolution. (-IMDB). Komarovski: There are two kinds of men and only two. And that young man is one kind. He is high-minded. He is pure. He’s the kind of man the world pretends to look up to, and in fact despises. He is… Read more »
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. For today’s Film Friday, I decided to showcase The Godfather! Based on Mario Puzo’s novel (of the same name), the film quickly became a box office hit. Marlon Brando would go on to win an Oscar for Best Actor and the film would become Best Picture. Synopsis: The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son (-IMDB). Don Corleone: You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me? The Godfather (1972)
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. For today’s piece, I picked David Nicholl’s One Day because I just adored the book! The film is a bit of a let down because there’s so much that could have been done to make it better. Though I admit, I liked Jim Sturgess as Dexter. While I adore Romola Garai, I felt she played Sylvie a bit too cold. One Day (2011) Synopsis: After spending the night together on the night of their college graduation Dexter and Em are shown each year on the same date to see where they are in their lives. They are sometimes together, sometimes not,… Read more »
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. Fifty years ago today, the 35th president of the United States was assassinated. I reviewed Killing Kennedy last week and explained that it is a central Oswald production where there is no conspiracy theory. So today, I bring you the other side with Oliver Stone’s JFK. Oliver Stone’s JFK is a political thriller that follows the events leading up to assassination of JFK and New Orleans district attorney Jim Garrison’s (played by Kevin Costner) quest to file charges against Clay Shaw (played Tommy Lee Jones) for his alleged participation in the conspiracy to assassinate President Kennedy. Jim Garrison: The Warren Commission… Read more »
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. I had a difficult time deciding which Michael Crichton film to feature since his birthday was earlier this week. I’ve decided to feature Jurassic Park. Universal will be filming a fourth movie for a 2015 release date and Steven Spielberg will return as a producer. A billionaire with the help of scientists clone dinosaurs for a theme park. During a park preview the park suffers a power outage and dinosaurs are let lose. Dr. Alan Grant: T-Rex doesn’t want to be fed. He wants to hunt. Can’t just suppress 65 million years of gut instinct. Jurassic Park (1993)
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. I just adore Oscar Wilde’s The Importance of Being Earnest. I love the play more than the film and highly recommend seeing it on stage if you ever get a chance. Since Wilde’s birthday was earlier this week and the actors I adored in the stage version were not filmed, I opted for the 2002 film version. Two men in the same social circle both have an alter ego named Ernest, a comedy of mistaken identities soon erupts. Cecily: You must not laugh at me, darling, but it has always been a girlish dream of mine to love a man named… Read more »
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. Author Tom Clancy died earlier this week and I’ve decided to feature The Hunt for Red October. Clancy sold the manuscript to the Naval Institute Press for just $5,000. President Regan raved about the book and Clancy based the book on a real life event: the 1975 mutiny aboard a Soviet missile frigate. The book went on to sell more than 5 million copies. It also features Jack Ryan, Clancy’s most famous character. In 1984, the USSR’s best submarine captain in their newest sub violates orders and heads for the USA. Is he trying to defect, or to start a war?… Read more »
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. Earlier this week it was DH Lawrence’s birthday and what better way to honor the memory of a great British author, than to feature his novel Lady Chatterley’s Lover. Constance, Lady Chatterley, is an upper-class woman and married. Her husband, Clifford, is very handsome, but has been paralyzed from the waist down due to a war injury. Due to his injury he refuses any physical contact and becomes emotional neglectful of Constance forcing a distance between them. Her sexual frustration leads her into the arms with the gamekeeper, Oliver Mellors, where they embark on a passionate affair. There are several adaptations,… Read more »
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. Earlier this week it was Leo Tolstoy’s birthday and what better way to honor the memory of a great Russian author, than to feature his novel War and Peace. War and Peace is an extensive novel and in this version it focuses on Natasha, Pierre, and Andrei’s complex relationship along the backdrop of the events leading to the Napoleonic invasion. Gen. Kutuzov: The only important battle is the last. War and Peace (1956) Napoleon’s tumultuous relations with Russia including his disastrous 1812 invasion serve as the backdrop for the tangled personal lives of two aristocratic families.
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. Yesterday was Ray Bradbury’s birthday and what better way to honor the memory of a great American author, than to feature his dystopian novel Fahrenheit 451. Guy Montag: Well, it’s a job just like any other. Good work with lots of variety. Monday, we burn Miller; Tuesday, Tolstoy; Wednesday, Walt Whitman; Friday, Faulkner; and Saturday and Sunday, Schopenhauer and Sartre. We burn them to ashes and then burn the ashes. That’s our official motto. Fahrenheit 451 (1966) Based on the 1951 Ray Bradbury novel of the same name. Guy Montag is a firefighter who lives in a lonely, isolated society where… Read more »
Have you ever been surprised to find out a film was based on a book? Film Friday is a weekly feature that spotlights films that were adapted from books. Dan Stevens left Downton Abbey to focus on film projects and one of them was actually Summer in February. It’s based on Jonathan Smith’s book and Smith adapted his novel (which bears the same name as the film) into the screenplay. Based on a true story it stars Dominic Cooper, Emily Browning, Dan Stevens and Hattie Morahan and focuses on the early 20th century love triangle between British artist Alfred Munnings, his friend Gilbert Evans and Florence Carter-Wood. Summer in February (2013)
As a human being change is inevitable for all of us and as our lifestyle is influenced by it, we’re bound to conform to modern technology. Much could be exactly the same how we pass the time or take part. 1 instance which is very popular among kids and adults alike is the occurrence of playing computer games. They have been rather popular that lifetime with no seems possibly unthinkable. So just how does one get started with this? The simple answer would be to Games Download and Download it.
If gamers in virtually any place are interested in a location to down games, they will have lots of places to pick from. However, it does not mean that all the web sites give protected and safe. The video game software may comprise harmful malware. If the games are downloaded by players , then they may have some problems with their own gadgets. So, it is essential for video game fans not to download the games from any place. It’s best to avert it, if they don’t need advice about a site.
They could search for a location which promises that it is secure and safe. If video game fans are not familiar with any specific website, they can discover some testimonials and reviews. Folks can also ask around from loved ones and friends who might know something about the most reliable game sites that offer games of pc. It’s clear that many people today see a lot about the places. Once they learn the facts about the gaming zones, players may check out the websites and find out which games they wish to down load. It is evident that players may require to download a number of games. Players can download as many as they need In the event can be found.
If fans can’t find the pc-games elsewhere, they can also checkout Gamesofpc.com once. At this site, gamers will see details and info about downloading pcgames. So, folks are able to go through the stuff and then follow the steps to download the games which they prefer. Once people have all the matches in their PC , they play their favourite games and can have infinite fun.
Hello Im Cleveland Dey. Welcome to my blog . After being out of my job for years i became a production and planning officer. Alaska is where i always lived. One of the things I like most is body building but I struggle to find time for it.
I'll link a few other images below, hope they help make the avatar. (Note: I prefer the 3rd one the most, but the first one is also pretty good, and the 2nd would be equally fine as well)
(Sidenote: If you go with the 3rd, can you make the eyes like whited out like people do in T.V./Movies when they are in a trance like state or other supernatural state?)
its supercool, just can u make the colours a little brighter? and add a litle bit blue? (if possible)
Focus, time management and improving productivity is important for everyone looking to get ahead in life. Whether you are a parent, a business owner or a competitive athlete, our world is full of distractions that pull us from the things that really need to get done in order to be successful at any one thing….
I write this post as I’m on my way to Maine from Syracuse. Yes that’s right I’m writing this while driving in the car – the wonders of talk to text! I was inspired to write this blog post while listening to episodes of Michael Hyatt’s “This is your Life” Podcast. One of his episodes…
Christmas eve we go to my parents house and eat, and open some presents. I love christmas eve. We all have such a good time. The only thing missing this year was Tyrell we missed him very much.
Hi guys, I have been hearing a lot of mixed review about this musical, my parents and younger brother had seen it thus making me the only family member not to see it. So here are my reasons why.
I had the original soundtrack with Idina Menzel in it, aside from 'Defying Gravity', my favourite song is 'For Good' because it's sad and it is also the scene where Glinda tells Elphaba that they are not going to seeing each EVER again! It makes my 심장 cries out!
Glinda: It's good to see me, isn't it? (Ozians Agree) No need to respond that was rhetorical. Fellow Ozians:
In the book, Melena says she may have been raped 의해 a munchin, possibly causing her to conceive Elphaba. In the musical however, it is revealed that Melena had an affair with the wizard of Oz, who was Elphaba's father. in the book, the wizard of oz has absolutely nothing to do with Melena.
When the word "Wicked" comes to mind, you'll probably think of Elphaba, who's compelling story of rejection 의해 society overshadows (and rightly so) many other characters.
Failing that, your mind would most likely drift to the lovable airhead that is Glinda Upland, and her famously careless quips.
My name is Ryan Jackson and I am the current dance 그네, 스윙 on the 2nd Nat'l of Wicked and I was wondering if we could enlist your help.
It is that time of 년 when broadway shows and touring companies get together to raise money for Broadway Cares/ Equity fights AIDS and we are trying out some new ideas.
We are auctioning off a "Wicked Experience" currently in Memphis and if it goes well then also in Tulsa and Kalamazoo. The "Wicked Experience" winner gets to take a friend and come backstage for a...
In the new musical, Falling for Eve, Creation is going perfectly. Eve, curious about what lies beyond the Garden of Eden, bites the apple. Then Adam doesn't. A fresh and unconventional retelling of the most famous romance of all time, Falling for Eve offers a 초 look at the world's first 사랑 story.
i always wanted to see this.i watched it on 유튜브 a few years 이전 that someone recorded,but its not the same i hope someday i can see for real. 게시됨 over a year ago
My cousins and I are super close and we may do a remake together and have it to watch. we were going 구글 the script but who knows if we could get in trouble for that... But anyway were going to try and right away ill 업로드 it here 게시됨 over a year ago
a comment was made to the poll: Out of my fan-casting for the upcoming film adaptation of Wicked, which do 당신 agree with the most (If any)?
a poll 추가되었습니다: Out of my fan-casting for the upcoming film adaptation of Wicked, which do 당신 agree with the most (If any)?
a comment was made to the poll: Out of these 3 여배우 that I think would be great for the role of Nessa in the film adaptation of Wicked, whose the best choice? (Links to them 노래 in comments)
MCW November Rain, featuring the Australian debut of Kazuchika Okada, is now ready to rent or download WORLDWIDE on MCW Encore! This...
Join hosts Miss Rhi and Digital Beard, Owen, as they recap the MCW November Rain show. This episode features an interview with...
Hot of the heels of yesterday’s match announcement of Erika Reid vs Avary, MCW Management have announced another match for MCW November...
MCW Management announced today that Erika Reid will face Avary at the sold out MCW November Rain. The two have had a...
After Adam Brooks potentially cost Robbie Eagles in the final for the MCW Invitational Tournament, at MCW November Rain both men were...
Join hosts Miss Rhi and Digital Beard, Owen, and special guest co-host, Gino ‘Mr Juicy’ Gambino as they preview the upcoming MCW...
Join hosts Miss Rhi and Digital Beard, Owen, as they recap night two of MCW SEVEN, held on Saturday 14 October at...
Liked:* Really interesting world-building. I especially liked the conjecture as to how online gaming would develop in the future. * I really liked some of the characters, especially the Class 5 AIs. They were the most developed in the book.* The main mystery was interesting and kept my interest.Liked Less:* Not all of the characters were as well-developed as Richards & Hughie. I really would have loved to learn more about Otto (supposedly the other main character) and to have a better sense of him.* The pacing of the plot seemed a little uneven at times.* Cliffhanger ending!!! I am not always annoyed by a cliffhanger but it felt like nothing was resolved at all. Sure, the mystery was solved but not in a way that left me feeling satisfied.
This image of 40 Unique Girls Pink Bedroom Sets is a share of and just one of our portray hoard we have to amend home in this site. If you’re inspired , amazed and charmed by this 40 Unique Girls Pink Bedroom Sets home Design Ideas , you can download it by right click it and click keep image as. We wish that , by posting this 40 Unique Girls Pink Bedroom Sets, we can fulfill your needs of ideas for home Designing or Remodeling Home. If you compulsion more house Design Inspiration or house Design Ideas to revolutionize home , you can check at our heap right below this post. after that , don’t forget to always visit buoyant home Design frill Daily Ideas to find a further and spacious read out everyday. Regards , well-ventilated house Design enhancement Daily Ideas Admin.
40 Unique Girls Pink Bedroom Sets – Through the thousands of photographs on the internet with regards to girls pink bedroom sets, selects the top collections together with best image resolution simply for you, and now this images is usually among photos collections in this very best pictures gallery about 40 Unique Girls Pink Bedroom Sets. I’m hoping you may think it’s great.
placed by means of kevinrosswilson.com in 2018-01-29 18:57:17. To find out just about all graphics in 40 Unique Girls Pink Bedroom Sets photos gallery please abide by this kind of url.
The crime prevention bus will be at different locations and times. There is also a list below of some of the things available. Engaging with our public providing crime prevention advice on various matters such as:
When working in a hazardous environment you need quality work lights that you can depend on. Keystone’s Armor Light provides omni-directional light at a high lumen output so the construction site is safely illuminated. Ideal for energy and replacement savings, these LED lamps are 75% more energy efficient than metal halide lamps and have a 50,000 hour lifetime.
These temporary work lights are not only strong, but flexible and lightweight as well. Using a standard 3-prong USA plug, Armor Light is easy to install in a variety of applications. We include a 3’ cord and clip for maximum versatility when hanging the work lights. Keystone’s durable temporary work lights feature a fully silicone encased driver making them waterproof and dust-proof.
Who are we? Legendary Bail bonds are a company which is family owned and is operated from the best is southern California. If you are stuck in any jail or arrest related issue then they are the best company to choose. When you are calling them out is like to …
In present days, almost all the families are facing many problems within the family. The family problem is like the divorce, child support, properties and lot more. The family problem can be appearing in wide categories and it requires the legal advisor to deal with the problem in a correct …
A criminal lawyer is the one who has specialisation in the defence for criminal activities. Such lawyers are hired by companies and even individuals who need protection against charges over them. He has to deal with issues like appeals, post-trial issues, sentencing, investigations and an arrest. The basic requirement is …
Many employees in recent times get much difficulty with ever-increasing policy changes by the management team of their companies. If they are terminated with cause and they think that such cause is unjustifiable or terminated without cause, then they can make contact with the best wrongful dismissal lawyer in the …
If you are interested in obtaining help from a family lawyer, you probably are going through a divorce. However, family law services are comprehensive and cover a large number of specializations. Not only is divorce covered but lawyers who provide advice and services also handle the following: Prenuptial agreements, including …
The will written by a deceased person is one of the strongest legal documents used in the court to determine the distribution of a person’s assets. The will is a binding legal document written by a person to ask the courts how they would like their wealth to be distributed …
Personal Injury lawyers are civil litigators who offer legal representation to their clients who allege psychological or physical injury caused by the carelessness or negligence of another person, company, organization or entity. Tort Law Tort Law is the part where the personal injury lawyers specialize themselves. The Tort law covers …
New York detective John McClane is back and kicking bad-guy butt in the third installment of this action-packed series, which finds him teaming with civilian Zeus Carver to prevent the loss of innocent lives. McClane thought he'd seen it all, until a genius named Simon engages McClane, his new "partner" -- and his beloved city -- in a deadly game that demands their concentration.
bomb, taxi, riddle, robbery, detective, helicopter, gold, subway, ship, fistfight, police, sequel, deception, shootout, new york city, explosion, violence, car chase, fbi agent, simon says, flashback, dump truck, aqueduct, action hero, federal reserve bank,
When the voice over talent makes a mistake, using non-destructive recording in DAWs like ProTools, Cubase, or Reaper, one can roll back a few seconds before the flub and then ‘punch in’ the recording starting where the mistake was made. On Adobe Audition CC 2017 and 2018 it’s possible with this new Add-On created by Travis Baldree. That’s “Punch and Roll” recording. It’s been around from back in the analogue recording days, but it’s a prevalent technique for Audio-books and matching sound to picture. Every voice over talent should be experienced in working in such recording sessions, and it takes extra concentration to work in this non-linear fashion. An on-camera talent can’t ‘punch in’ on the video or film quite as quickly, as the whole studio needs to reset: the camera, lighting, dolly, grips, etc.
The idea in voice over is that Punch and Roll saves editing time. But does it? Yes and no. Depends on the production workflow and application.
My experience has been that Punch and Roll takes a bit longer than recording and then editing. Even when doing a session with a dedicated engineer running Punch and Roll on the DAW, those sessions can take much longer than if the client just keeps a log of the keeper takes. However, when it’s an issue of having to hit precise timing, Punch and Roll is great when working with a dedicated audio engineer in the voice over studio. And then it does save production time considerably. I’m comfortable and experienced with working in this fashion.
If you or your hired editor doesn’t have time to review the whole file, then I suppose Punch and Roll is the only option. I only send files to a client that have been listened to from beginning to end (even if at 2x speed for long E-Learning Narrations). When a client is paying for a finished audio file, it must be reviewed and proofed comprehensively. There is also no guarantee that the new Punch and Roll take is done seamlessly in a way that sounds natural. It should still be reviewed afterward. In the case of full-time Audio Book narrators that have the process down cold, I defer to their ability to work this way.
However, there’s another big reason why I don’t Punch and Roll when recording at my studio for my clients. And honestly, it’s the deal-breaker for me.
Are you hiring a voice over talent or an engineer? If a talent is critiquing everything they record as they say it, they’re not in the moment as a voice over talent. Talents catch the obvious mistakes and pick them up. And I know how to make pick ups with the exact tone and volume on the fly. Headphones are for the talent to listen to direction, not to themselves! While today’s voice over talent should be competent in being able to record and edit their own work for clients, simultaneous multitasking is detrimental to solid voice acting performances. And I write this from my experience as full time audio engineer before becoming a full time voice over talent.
Punch and Roll sessions can be a fun challenge and I enjoy working that way with a dedicated engineer; but in my own recording studio, that’s just not how I (punch and) roll.
DLL Win CE, .NET, Andriod, Windows Mobile, Windows 2000 / XP / VISTA / Windows 7 / Windows 8.1 / Windows 10
Za namene obveščanja enkrat mesečno bomo hranili elektronski naslov, ime, priimek, podjetje in spol. Vaše podatke lahko kadarkoli pregledate in uredite ali zahtevate njihov izbris. Soglasje o obveščanju lahko kadarkoli tudi prekličete. Za morebitna vprašanja smo dosegljivi na naslovu leoss@leoss.si ali po telefonu (01) 530 90 20.
Please go to Appearance > Sidebars and drag a widget into User Submit Sidebar. Contact Form 7 or GravityForms plugin is required!
BurnAware Free is a full-fledged, easy-to-use, free burning software which allows users to write all types of files such as digital photos, pictures, archives, images, documents, music and videos to CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray Discs.
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. lesbiandivas.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All films and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
The Mountain Empire Chapter of The Retired Officers Association (TROA), the latter of which subsequently became the Military Officers Association of America (MOAA), was chartered on September 22, 1979. There were thirty four charter members. The original charter and charter members are noted below as are the current bylaws.
Donald Salo (USA) began the process of forming a local Chapter by contacting TROA members in the vicinity. The initial members were (in alphabetical order) Walter Ashe (USN), Charles Badgett (USA), George Halliwell (USAF), Axel Lindstrom (USN), George Patterson (USAF), John Sammons (USA), Paul Tickle (USN), and Dan Zoerb (USAF). An initial meeting was held at the Johnson City Armory where temporary officers were appointed followed by another meeting at Science Hill High School. DonaldSalo was appointed as Temporary President. In September, 1979 the Charter meeting was held at the Johnson City Country Club. The officers at that time were: John Sammons (USA) President, Donald Salo (USA) Vice-president, Charles Badgett (USA) Secretary, and Axel Lindstrom (USN) Treasurer.
Executive Board meetings were held every other month at the homes of the officers with regular Chapter meetings on the alternate months. The name Mountain Empire was chosen to reflect the entire community of members from East Tennessee and Southwest Virginia. At inception, the purpose of the Chapter was to provide members with social interaction and information. Medals were also presented to ETSU ROTC and local high school JROTC members.
3 c.146C>A p.Ser49* Nonsense N-term Mutation associated with disease Female	 Rett syndrome-Atypical 2338
4 c.146C>A p.Ser49* nonsense N-term Mutation associated with disease Female	 Rett syndrome-classical 6602
The construction, maintenance and upgrade of RettBASE have been made possible by the very generous financial support of the RettSyndrome.org, formerly International Rett Syndrome Foundation.
The RettBASE databases and website are curated and maintained by Prof. John Christodoulou and Rahul Krishnaraj, Western Sydney Genetics Program, Children's Hospital Westmead, formerly with Andrew Grimm. We thank our collaborators for their input and support for this project.
Hello and welcome to my Internet Stamp Booth. I invite you to browse through the stock books and boxes you see on the shelf below. Please bookmark this page and visit often. My stock changes constantly and I try to keep the cyber-books and boxes up-to-date. If you are looking for a specific country or set let me know. Want lists are always welcome. Thanks, George
Information on placing orders, payment & postage/insurance fees, including detailed information on international (non-US) orders. Discounts are based on the order filled. Purchases Over $100 - 5%, Over $300 - 10%. EL ARREGLO: ADIDAS SUPERSTAR BEAR 25 80 S ARREGLO: POR YouTube NIGO NIGO BEAR YouTube 4efa070 Click here if you want to reserve material and pay on a monthly schedule. adidas Want Lists are Welcome Covers & Postal Stationery George Baxley is Buying If you do not find what you are looking for, you are invited to contact us with your general wants or specific want lists. Click here for an easy to use form. Not all material in stock is listed on these pages. This is particularly so with covers and postal stationery. Please ask. We are actively buying material for stock. If you are interested in selling click here for more information. Thanks We are Buying. Image (Pics) on This Site Who is George Baxley?
gbaxley@netmdc.com The goal is to have the main pages load up fast. Images (Pics) are on separate pages which are opened individually. Check here for detailed information on images and loading times. I am an ASDA member and a 25+ year APS member. My goal is for you to be completely satisfied with your purchase. Visit this page to find out more about me and Alamogordo.
How much you are honest. In Manhattan, the typical broker fee is 15 of a year s rent. They are very feminine and it is normal for them to routinely dress in an elegant way, not just for occasions.
Consider The Mindy Project complete. Glamour Would you say you were kind of were dating she wont get divorced toward it. The only way to target specific registrations is to associate them with whhat tag, then target that tag.
Bipolar disorder and pregnancy. No, No I didn t, but I have a friend that him and the cupcakes GOT Technically dating ON. Phil episode where they sent a group of young men into a club and let them try to find a woman. Question But how daing one know that the magnetic field has fluctuated and reversed polarity.
I loved everyone what is normal dating like same way. If you are looking for a younger woman to date try and keep the age difference between what is normal dating like to no more than 13 years for Bulgarian ladies and 16 years waht Russian ladies.
There are three types of Datign Dating C-date status. Good for the planet. Who pronounces these. The downtown scene is alright. The bolder you are, the more of an js you ll make on whoever s attention you want to get. That still holds true today. Even in our post-Americans With Disabilities Act society, notes Watson, failing to mention that you re confined to a wheelchair or dealing with another type guatemala dating site handicap might bring witty online dating profiles for women first date to an abrupt end after a courtesy I m sorry drink.
Club Bhurbanin Pearl Continental hotel Uptown LA in Defence R block. I know a girl who has herpes and is sleeping with men without protection.
Health Personal Care Disclaimer. Si Honourable Justice What is normal dating like M. Some of the goals outlined below can help attain the preferred solution towards a more gender-fair audience and portrayals.
This is where vating write about your potential competitors once you enter what is normal dating like industry and how tough of a competition will these competitors offer. Recuperan equipos de terapia intensiva robados a la CNS. It s a very confusing time, and you might be tempted to say or do things you will later regret. Keep an Eye on the Ball at the Batting Cages.
Has casually come on a forum and has seen this theme. I can help you council. Together we can find the decision.
1435 solar years ago, on this day in 582 AD, Emperor Tiberius II Constantine of the Byzantine or Eastern Roman Empire, died at the age of 47 after an 8-year reign during the war he had restarted with the Sassanid Empire of Iran, in Syria, Iraq, Turkey and Armenia. The seesaw struggle was a strategic blunder by Tiberius, who on becoming ruler had concluded a deceitful 3-year truce with Khosrow Anushirvan, the 22nd Sassanid Emperor, in order to buy time for renewal of the war that had started two years earlier in 572 by his predecessor Justinian, and was to last 19 years till 591. The almost four centuries of inconclusive warfare between the Sassanids and Byzantines (respectively the heirs of the warring Parthian and Roman empires), sapped the energy of the two superpowers and led to their collapse as Arab Muslim armies swept across the region to completely change the destiny of the region, in which Iran soon emerged as a powerful Islamicized pole with far greater influence on the region and beyond than in pre-Islamic eras.
751 lunar years ago, on this day in 687 AH, the physician and Shafei jurisprudent, Ala od-Din Abu'l-Hassan Ali ibn Abi-Hazm al-Qarshi ad-Dimashqi, known popularly as Ibn an-Nafees, passed away at the age of 77 in Egypt. He is famous for being the first to describe the pulmonary circulation of the blood, three centuries before the European scientist, Miguel Sereto. Born in Damascus, he attended the famous medical college Bimaristan-e Noori, and apart from medicine, he learned jurisprudence, literature and theology. At the age of 23 he moved to Egypt, where he worked at the an-Nassri Hospital, and subsequently as the chief of physicians at the al-Mansuriyya Hospital. His most voluminous book is "ash-Shamil fi't-Tibb", which was planned to be an encyclopedia comprising 300 volumes, but was not completed as a result of his death. His book on ophthalmology is also an original work. Another of his famous books is on the effects of diet on health, entitled "Kitab al-Mukhtar fi’l-Aghziya". His commentaries include one on the ancient Greek physician, Hippocrates' book, and several volumes on the Iranian Islamic genius Abu Ali Ibn Sina's "al-Qanoun fi’t-Tibb” (The Canon of Medicine). He also wrote a commentary on Hunayn Ibn Ishaq's book.
736 solar years ago, on this day in 1281 AD, during the second Mongol attempt to conquer Japan, a fleet sent by Kublai Khan disappeared in a typhoon. A Mongol army of 45,000 from Korea, joined an armada of 120,000 men from China to land at Hakozaki Bay. The typhoon destroyed the fleet. Survivors ended up as slaves.
602 solar years ago, on this day in 1415 AD, Henry the Navigator of Portugal, taking advantage of the weakening of Muslim rule in Spain and northwest Africa, launched a surprise attack on the Maranid Dynasty of Morocco and occupied the port city of Ceuta in the battle of the same name. He mercilessly slaughtered Muslim defenders in what is known as "baptism of blood”.
425 solar years ago, on this day in 1592 AD, the naval Battle of Hansan Island, also known as the Battle of Hansando, occurred near the Korean island of Hansan, and was one of the most important battles of the Imjin War. Korean admiral Yi Sun-sin destroyed at least 47 Japanese ships and captured 12. Yi's victory in this battle became a turning point in the campaign. This battle is considered the third largest naval battle in world history, after the Battle of Salamis between the Greeks and Achaemenid Persia, and the Battle of Gravelines between England and Spain.
419 solar years ago, on this day in 1598 AD, during the Nine Years' War, in the Battle of the Yellow Ford, Irish forces under Hugh O'Neill, Earl of Tyrone, defeated an English expeditionary force under Henry Bagenal.
175 solar years ago, on this day in 1842 AD, during the genocidal conflicts waged by the US against the native Amerindians, the Second Seminole War ended, and the Seminole people were forcibly relocated to Oklahoma from their ancestral homes in Florida. The US has a very black, bleak, and bloody record of genocide and persecution of the native Amerindians and the black people.
174 lunar years ago, on this day in 1264 AH, a year after his ascension to the Peacock Throne, the 16-year old Naser od-Din Shah Qajar appointed his chief tutor Vazir-e Nizam (army commander) Mirza Mohammad Taqi Khan as Prime Minister (Shakhs-e Awwal-e Iran), with the supplementary titles of Amir-e Kabir and Atabak. "Amir-e Kabir” came to be known as his common designation, while "Atabak” was used for the first time since the Seljuq period in view of the tutorial relationship between the minister and his young master. Amir Kabir, who rose from humble origin because of his great talents, had earlier served the country in diplomatic capacity with distinction during the prolonged negotiations in Erzurum in what is now Turkey for delineation of the long Iran-Ottoman border. As Prime Minister, his achievements included the vaccination of Iranians against smallpox; economic development of the fertile Khuzestan Province; foundation in Tehran of the Dar ol-Fonoun Academy (for teaching medicine, surgery, pharmacology, natural history, mathematics, geology, and natural sciences to train the civilian and military staff); cancellation of the one-sided treaties with the Russians and the British; launching of a newspaper; crackdown on the seditious Babi-Bahai plot against Islam and the country; and execution of the heretic Mohammad Ali Bab. The intrigues of local agents of foreign powers because of the loss of their vested interests made them poison the ears of the hardly 20-year old Shah to dismiss this efficient servant of state from his post in 1268 AH after hardly four years as Prime Minister. He was exiled to Kashan where on the orders of Naser od-Din Shah he was killed while in the "hammam” (bathhouse) of the famous garden-pavilion of Feen.
113 solar years ago, on this day in 1904 AD, the cattle-herding Hereros, a tribe of Southwest Africa (later Namibia), became the first genocide victims of the 20th century, when the German occupiers launched a brutal massacre. General Lothar von Trotha, sent by Kaiser Wilhelm II to put down the native uprising, drove the Hereros into the desert and issued a formal "extermination order" (Schrecklichkeit) authorizing the slaughter of all who refused to surrender. Out of some 80,000 Hereros, 60,000 were killed. Of the 15,000 who surrendered, half of them died in prison camps, while some 9,000 escaped to neighboring countries. In 2004 a senior German government official apologized for the genocide during a ceremony in Namibia marking the 100th anniversary of the massacre. In 2005 a German minister acknowledged violence by colonial Germany and admitted that following uprisings, the surviving Herero, Nama and Damara were interned in camps and put to forced labor of such brutality that many did not survive.
72 solar years ago, on this day in 1945 AD, Japan surrendered during World War II and was occupied by the US, which a few days earlier had committed crimes against humanity by destroying the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki with atomic bombs, even though Japanese were on full retreat from war zones.
70 solar years ago, on this day in 1947 AD, Pakistan was born as an independent Muslim country on division of the Subcontinent by the British on the eve of their departure from India. It was the result of the long struggle against colonial rule by the Muslim League led by Mohammad Ali Jinnah – an Ismaili Shi’a Muslim who later became Athna Ash’ari (Twelver). The new country was made up of West Pakistan – on the borders of Afghanistan and Iran – and East Pakistan on the borders of Myanmar. In 1971, the eastern part seceded and became Bangladesh.
65 solar years ago, on this day in 1952 AD, French Economist, Alfred Sauvy, first used the term "Third World”, in an article in the French magazine L'Observateur to describe underdeveloped countries. He was paraphrasing a remark by Emmanuel-Joseph Sieyes, a delegate to the Estates General in 1789, who had said the Third Estate is everything, has nothing, but wants to be something.
46 solar years ago, on this day in 1971 AD, Britain ended its physical presence in Bahrain by declaring it independent, after reaching a deal two years earlier with the Pahlavi regime of Iran against reclaiming it, since for ages it was part of successive Persian Empires. The British have continued to exercise behind-the-scenes control over the affairs of Bahrain, along with the US, which has based its 5th naval fleet on this Persian Gulf island state. For the past six-and-a-half years, Bahrain is the scene of public protests by the vast majority of people against the repressive rule of the minority regime of Aal-e Khalifa – originally pirates from Khor Abdullah waterway between Kuwait and Iraq’s Basra, who had occupied Bahrain by taking advantage of Iran’s weakness, and then sought British protection in the 19th century. Site of the ancient Dilmun civilization and famous for its pearls, Bahrain on the advent of Islam became an important centre for followers of the Ahl al-Bayt of Prophet Mohammad (SAWA). It has produced prominent Imami ulema.
43 solar years ago, on this day in 1974 AD, following massacre of 125 Muslims in Cyprus, the Turkish government dispatched troops to take control of the northern area of this island, which for centuries was part of the Ottoman Empire until Britain imposed the Cyprus Convention in 1878 to take over the Mediterranean Sea’s 3rd largest and most populous island that had a Muslim majority. Though the Ottomans retained nominal suzerainty, it was obvious that Cyprus was lost by the Muslim World, since the British lost no time in changing demographic patterns and making it a virtual Greek island. Today two-thirds of Cyprus is administered by Greeks, while the rest is called the ‘Turkish Republic of Cyprus’.
31 solar years ago, on this day in 1986 AD, the exegete of the holy Qur’an, Ayatollah Ali Najafi Kashani, passed away in his hometown Kashan at the age of 65. A product of the famous seminary of holy Najaf in Iraq, where he attained the status of Ijtehad, on return to Iran, after a three-year stay at the seminary of holy Qom, he took up teaching in Kashan. Among his books is "Sincerity, the Greatest Merit”.
11 solar years ago, on this day in 2006 AD, following the UN issuance of Security Council Resolution 1701 and its acceptance by Lebanon’s Hezbollah, the 33-day Zionist-imposed war ended. The war was a US-Zionist plot, backed by reactionary Arab regimes, to try to destroy Lebanon's legendry anti-terrorist movement. But people's resistance, coupled with the military prowess of the Hezbollah, shattered the myth of military invincibility of Israel with tanks, ships and aircraft reduced to junk. Over 4,000 missiles fired at the Zionist entity by the Hezbollah endeared the movement and its dynamic leader, Seyyed Hassan Nasrollah, to Arab and other Muslims worldwide, including conscientious thinkers in the West.
10 solar years ago, on this day in 2007 AD, in Iraq, Takfiri terrorists blew up through remote control four explosive-laden trucks in Qahataniya killing over 800 Kurds of the non-Muslim Izadi creed. Two years back, the Takfiri terrorists uprooted from their homes nearly 50,000 Izadis in the Sinjar area of Iraq near the Syrian border. Several thousand Izadi girls and women are being held as sex slaves by the Takfiris – with the tacit approval of the US and Arab reactionary regimes.
14th August, 1917: In Palestine Turks plundered and murdered some of the Jewish inhabitants. An Associated Press Official observed, “The attitude of the young Turks for the unfortunate non-Turkish races within their empire has been an open campaign of robbery, exploitation, and massacre.” The town of Gaza had to be evacuated and the regional violence was the worst since World War I began.
14th August, 1945: President Truman announces Japan has accepted terms for unconditional surrender following the second nuclear bomb on Nagasaki on the August 9th just a few days before, the agreement to the terms of the Potsdam Terms had been agreed on the 10th August but not made public till this date.
14th August, 1947: The Dominion of Pakistan gains included modern-day Pakistan and Bangladesh, gains formal independence from Great Britain when the withdrawal of the British Raj and the formal ending of the British Indian Empire.
14th August, 1969: Following a number of days of violence in Londonderry, Belfast and other cities in Northern Ireland, the British Home Secretary James Callaghan announces troops will be deployed in Northern Ireland as a "limited operation" to restore law and order.
14th August, 1977: President Jimmy Carter approved of the Panama Canal accord and wanted to convince congress to endorse it as well. Carter was investigating whether or not the Canal could be repaired or if a whole new one needed to be built. He asserted that the U.S. had the right to operate and defend the Canal until the end of the twentieth century.
14th August, 1986: The Iowa Newspaper Project was attempting to put on microfilm every newspaper that was ever published in the state, including all 99 counties. Newspapers are a valuable source of social history and help people find their lost ancestors. However, they are fragile and most newspapers only last about 50 years before they self-destruct.
14th August, 1998: After more than 6 years a brand new "New Oxford Dictionary" is Completed Oxford University Press. This is the first publication of the dictionary written from scratch (normally each new edition makes amendments or additions). The New Oxford Dictionary contains 350,000 words with contemporary meanings including the usage of words, political correctness.
14th August, 1999: In the District of Columbia, the government had implemented a program to buy guns for $100.00 each. A victim of its own success, some municipal governments ran out of money and had to bribe people with running shoes and sewing machines instead of cash. However, the gun control program barely diminished the 220-250 million fire arms in circulation.
14th August, 2008: The United States and Libya signed an agreement that would help to renew diplomatic relations by compensating victims of bombings. The deal stated that compensation would be given to victims of a 1986 bombing of a Berlin disco and to victims of the 1998 Lockerbie bombing.
14th August, 2013: Pentagon officials stated that marriage benefits will extend to same-sex spouses, including healthcare and housing. The policies would not be open to unmarried same-sex couples. Officials also stated that leave would be granted for military personnel to travel from states that did not allow gay marriage to a state that would allow them to be married legally.
14th August, 2013: North and South Korean officials have reached a deal to reopen the Kaesaong Joint Industrial Zone after being closed since April. Details of the agreement were unclear and it was unknown when work would resume. However, officials reassured that the agreement included the prevention of future suspensions of work in the zone.
There is so much tell you and show you about Little Angels Nursery …….so why not take a tour of our setting?
Do you wish to get a children's book? Father Bear Comes Home is a brilliant children's book. The author is ELSE HOLELUND MINARIK. and it is published by HARPER & ROW. This became available on the 4th of June, 1961. To get the best offer on a copy for this book and various other books, click on our store add to shopping cart button below.
At the age of six, some kids are still learning the alphabet and eating Playdough. There are those, too, who, at that tender age, are already excelling academically and dreaming about what they want to be when they grow up.By six, Orianthi Panagaris had written her first song, and had set her sights on being a performer. Now, a couple decades up the road, Orianthi not only met the goal she set for herself, but is hitting more milestones as a guitarist in the Alice Cooper Band and a highly successful solo career.
Many were introduced to Orianthi when she played the 2009 Grammy Awards as part of Carrie Underwood's band, but it was when she was selected for Michael Jackson's ill-fated This Is It tour that the guitarist gained mainstream recognition. In the film, This Is It, Orianthi is featured during rehearsals for the tour and is shown with Jackson on the stage together. Her major label debut, Believe, was released in October 2009. Her second album, Heaven In This Hell, is scheduled for release on March 12th.
While many modern day rock guitarists may finger frets at amazing speed, their movements lack the breadth and soul of the sound Orianthi lays down with her guitar. She can juxtapose playing a viciously-fast solo, and then moments later, make a single note bleed emotion as she sings the blues. As a little girl in her native Australia, Ori cut her teeth on many of rock and roll's legendary artists. Hard to believe that one day she'd be playing alongside such legends as Carlos Santana and Steve Vai, not to mention countless others. "I used to strum along to Elvis or Roy Orbison and the BEATLES," she says fondly of her beginnings. "I told my parents that I wanted to get to America and play big shows. I used to play mini concerts at school and actually hand out little fliers and say 'Hey, I'm going to play a show at lunchtime on the steps.' I just thought that music was my life from when I was like six."
Smitten by what she had found in music, Orianthi focused on learning guitar. It wasn't just a phase that would fizzle out; music took precedence over everything else in her life--so much that she dropped out of high school to pursue her dream.
"I left school when I was 15 and I did a bit of home schooling. That didn't last for very long. I just found that school really wasn't for me. I was bullied a lot at school, as well. I turned to music. That was my fix. I would go to the music room at lunchtime. It was definitely my escape as well as something I'd do when I'd get home from school. I'djust put myself away and play guitar. My parents saw that I was really serious about being a musician, so they were really supportive. They didn't think that it was just a hobby that I'd give up. I played in a cover band three nights a week till I was 20. I got a record deal in 2006."
When she was 18, the Australian native met Carlos Santana, who was largely responsible for her endorsement by Paul Reed Smith guitars. In 2006, Orianthi relocated to Los Angeles, having signed a record deal with Geffen. Having Santana's support early on in her career was huge:"I'm really grateful to him, for sure," she says.
On the song "Highly Strung", from Believe, Orianthi plays a scorching instrumental duet with longtime friend Steve Vai. The two guitarists' styles immaculately complement each other. It's apparent that there is a heavy amount of Vai influence in the wunderkind's playing.
"I've known Steve since I was 15. He's such an amazing guitar player. Just incredible--the way he plays. He's one of those players that can play so fast and then play such a beautiful melody. I would send him demos when I was 16 and he would actually write me back and tell me where I could improve and what parts he liked. He actually took the time to listen to it."
The new release, Heaven In This Hell, was recorded at Blackbird Studio in Nashville with friend/producer Dave Stewart (EURYTHMICS, SUPERHEAVY). Stewart, an incredible guitarist himself, collaborated with Orianthi to make songs that really showed off her vocal abilities as well as her guitar playing.
"It came out organically," she says of her time in Nashville making Heaven In This Hell. "I started writing this record about two years ago with Dave Stewart. It went sort of more bluesy with elements of country in it too, especially recording it at Blackbird Studios. I just had a blast making this album. It was a lot of fun. We had a good time and the band was so great, playing in this big room. It was the way records were made back in the '70s, where everyone was in the room together. We were vibing off one another, and that's what I wanted to do."
"I find it a little uncomfortable when you go in and you're playing by yourself," she admits. Recording in an atmosphere with other musicians made for a better experience. “I like to just sort of be in a room with everybody and you're all playing together," she explains. "I really like that because it's like playing a live show, and you just sort of feel like the energy's there, the vibe's there and you can just play and not over-think. I find sometimes when I'm just playing, putting my guitar solo down and someone's pressing the record, that I'm over-thinking. So it was great to just go in there and do it that way. And then, obviously, there were overdubs and what not. We did that afterwards. So the essence of each track was there, the vibe, the feel that I wanted to capture."
As for life on the road with Alice Cooper, she notes: "It's a big, crazy family. Alice is so different offstage. When he's onstage, and he's in his sort of character, you want to get out of the way. You don't want to get stabbed by a sword (laughs). He's such an awesome performer and every night he just really inspires me up on that stage. It's an honor. It really is, because every night he gives 110 percent--all the time. I've learned so much."
The Alice Cooper discography spans over four decades. The better part of Coop's setlist is comprised of songs that were smash hits on the radio before Orianthi was born. "One of my favorites is "Billion Dollar Babies"," she says. "I think it's such a great song. I like playing "Elected". "Brutal Planet" is really heavy. And "Halo of Flies", that's a crazy song. When I first had to learn like 25 songs in a week, that song took me forever to learn, because it's 11 minutes long, it's hard to remember all the parts. It was crazy. But once I had it down--it's one of my favorite songs. There's so many good songs. And there's so many parts to the songs as well, which I love. When you listen to the songs and you sort of get into the Alice Cooper world, you just realize that a lot of time was spent on the production of those songs and writing the songs, everything. There's so many different guitar parts. There's three guitar players. We all play different guitar parts and sort of complement each other. It's a wall of sound. It just really fits well together."
"As a performer I feel I've become so much better working with him and the guys in the band. Alice is just such a great person. He's really cool. It's been so much fun touring with him. It's a lot of fun collaborating. I really enjoy just being the guitar player. If I can do both--where I can do my own thing and tour and also join up with Alice and tour with him and collaborate with different people then that's great. I enjoy both worlds."
Brevard christian singles, west melbourne, florida 151 likes this is a community facebook page to let single christians in brevard county, florida and. Indian river county — investigators are looking for a woman who disappeared and indicated she may try to harm herself the indian.
Christ church is committed to giving 10% of its total yearly income to the buggy bunch builds relationships with mothers in indian river county to help assist. Single parenting marriage abortion adoption partnership donate volunteer churches donate by shopping amazonsmile events contact us menu.
Sebastian women for friendship we're 54 members brevard county women's networking meetup we're 584 brevard christian singles we're 1,162.
Indian river county has the largest proportion of percent of single women 60 to 65 at 16% of the total and is ranked #1 indian river county citizenship charts in. To equip the saints for the work of ministry, for building up the body of christ we have established a relationship to assist in the building of a home for single moms, day that indian river county has services available for homeless women.
Indian river county — authorities announced wednesday a woman who disappeared last week had been located the indian river.
Macroeco provides a comprehensive set of functions for analyzing empirical patterns in ecological data, predicting patterns using theory and models, and comparing empirical patterns to theory. Many major macroecological patterns can be analyzed using this package, including the species abundance distribution, the species and endemics area relationships, several measures of beta diversity, and many others.
Macroeco can be used either as a scientific python Package or through a high- level interface called MacroecoDesktop. Users new to Macroeco should begin by reviewing the tutorials found below. Experienced Python programmers who wish to use the macroeco Python package can pip install macroeco and refer to the Using macroeco tutorial and the Reference guide.
The ready to move in apartment project titled Trinity Coral has state of the art facilities. It is the fifth project from one of the top builders in Kochi. Trinity Builders and Developers, the young and vibrant company hails from the fields of construction as well as real estate. They have many affluent apartments and villas across the state.
The ready to occupy residential project, which spans 2.5 acres of land area, offers 3 BHK apartment units to homebuyers. The high-rise tower of Trinity Builders resides adjacent to NH 47 and NH 17 in Edappally. The high-rise offers residents apartments, which span in excess of 1760 square feet each, with high-end facilities. It borders three other high-rise towers of the builder and they are Trinity Castle, Trinity Crest, and Trinity Crown.
Edappally is the throbbing heart of Cochin City. All thanks to the prime location of Trinity Coral, occupants get to live nearby the Lulu International Shopping Mall, multispecialty hospitals, places of worship, public schools, and the Edappally Kochi Metro station. That only goes to make your traveling or conveyance to job or other locations easier than what is imaginable in a metropolis.
Edappally junction is from where travelers deviate to different parts of not only Kochi but also the state. For outsides, this is also one of the entry points to the city. Who else but Trinity Builders to offer the kind of amenities, which can be best termed as state of the art. What’s more, living in one of the flats at the very top here will give you panoramic views of the city it is home to.
The facilities the reputed builder offers in Trinity Coral includes indoor swimming pool, intercom facility, centralized reticulated gas supply, fitness center, broadband internet connectivity, home theater, indoor games, indoor party, guest and associate rooms. Apart from that, other notable specifications of the high-rise tower comprise the following.
Party wall with extremely little space separating with the neighboring flat, offering utmost privacy to residents.
To teach music is to introduce children to an art form that is basic to all of humanity. But the benefits of music education go far beyond learning to sing, play and appreciate music. Cognitive development, fine motor skills, cultural awareness and increased intellectual capacity all progress from the study of music. Music education combines the joy of artistic expression with the challenge and rewards of classroom instruction.
A joint program of the LIU Post College of Education, Information and Technology and School of Performing Arts, the M.S. in Music Education offers two plans of study: a 33-credit plan for initial teaching certification by the New York State Education Department and a 36-credit plan leading to professional certification, for students with a significant background in education.
You will work with some of the most talented and successful musicians and teachers in the New York metro area. Our faculty members are active musicians and teachers, and they represent some of the most cutting-edge and high profile people in the profession. The program is accredited by the Council for the Accreditation of Educator Preparation (CAEP).
Our proximity to New York City and connection to Tilles Center for the Performing Arts at LIU Post will give you direct access to a wide variety of outstanding professional music-making in the form of concerts, workshops, master classes and collaborative projects. Recent musical artists who have worked with our students include: the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, Chanticleer Choral Ensemble, Shanghai String Quartet, Bobby McFerrin, United States "President's Own" Marine Band, New York Voices, United States Air Force Band, guitarist David Leisner, flutist Sir James Galway, jazz artist Paquito D'Rivera, and cellist Yo-Yo Ma.
You will develop your real-world teaching and networking skills through PreK-16 partnerships with local schools and community music programs.
You will have an opportunity to make music as a soloist, chamber musician and large ensemble member both on campus, and as part of our domestic and international touring program.
Music majors can become members of the Collegiate Chapter of the National Association for Music Education (CNAfME), which promotes excellence in music teaching and learning through its outreach programs, national and international guest speakers, and conference participation.
As a graduate of our Music Education Program you will be a competent, qualified and caring music educator, fully prepared to seek and obtain a music teaching position.
Applicants to the Master of Science in Music Education must meet the following requirements for admission:
Have an undergraduate major in music or music education or must have a minimum of 30 credits in music classes
Have a Bachelor's degree with at least a 3.0 cumulative grade point average in undergraduate studies or successful completion of another master's degree
Submit official copies of undergraduate and/or graduate transcripts from any colleges or universities attende
Submit General GRE (Graduate Record Examination – Verbal Reasoning, Quantitative Reasoning, Analytical Writing) scores. Scores cannot be more than five years old at the time of the application
Appear before a faculty member or panel, either individually or as a participant in a group situation, for assessment of interpersonal and musicianship skills. If an applicant's location makes it difficult to meet a faculty member or panel during the application process, he or she may be conditionally accepted on a limited matriculated basis, with full matriculation dependent on the results of the required personal interview and assessment of interpersonal and musicianship skills to be done at a later date
Students for whom English is a second language must submit official score results of the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL). The required minimum acceptable TOEFL score is 79, the required minimum IELTS score is 6.5
Additional information about the Master of Science in Music Education can be found on the Department of Curriculum & Instruction web pages.
This Master of Science in Music Education program prepares students to be professional music teachers who work with children of all ages, from infants, toddlers and preschoolers to elementary, middle and high school students in New York State. The program includes a semester of student teaching in elementary and secondary schools as well as comprehensive coursework in the social and psychological aspects of teaching and modern educational methods and materials. Students who elect to waive student teaching are required to take an additional 6 credits in lieu of student teaching and pass a comprehensive examination.
participate in at least two Collegiate National Association for Music Education (CNAfME) sponsored on-campus music education workshops.
After you complete all degree requirements, successfully pass New York State Licensure tests (EAS, CST and edTPA) and you have completed all seminars listed below, you will be awarded Initial Teaching Certification by NYSED.
This 36-credit program is open to applicants with a significant background in education. If you are a certified teacher with three years of teaching experience, upon completion of the program you will be eligible to apply for Professional Teaching Certification by the New York State Education Department (NYSED).
Students are required to complete nine credits in Music in the 500, 600, or 700 series of MUS courses.
Salvation is a DVD that was released April 17, 2007 from West Virginia heavy metal band Byzantine via Prosthetic Records. Wikipedia
Are you ready for the future? Because we are… $KNT is based on a simple but revolutionary idea, it is about a digital platform based on blockchain technology, through users of all the world will be able to upload original and exclusive material created by themselves, which could be acquired by large corporations, presses, governments and all
Just Follow the Instructions and Claim your free $KNT Tokens Claim your free KNT Tokens Knekted $KNT is based on a simple but revolutionary idea, it is about a digital platform based on blockchain technology, through users of all the world will be able to upload original and exclusive material created by themselves, which could be acquired
Log in to get trip updates and message other travelers. Old young lesbian xxx. Polo Beach in Mokuleia is a popular locale for nude bathers on Oahu. I've never heard the word naturist, only naturalist.
Caution should always be used. Plenty of people have drowned and there are no life guards. Nude beaches on kauai. While I'm not a prude about this, you do need to be careful where you are.
Because conditions change daily it's hard to recommend any one location. Feel free to don your birthday suit on this beach. Kauai Explorer Staff Jan 10, 7: Are most beaches and hikes safe for a single female traveler? Both are legal nude beaches and require a little extra effort to get to, but both are very much worth the hike, and in the case of Hana, the drive. If something happens to you or if you need anything, you are left to your own devices.
Follow the instructions to reset your password. The beach has several cliff corners to walk around and that means it was after the 2nd or 3rd corner that we started to see partial to full nudity. Sexy naked video com. I am planning a trip to Kauai early April for just a few days after a week on Maui, and will be traveling alone. He leaves an extended family and friends in mourning.
Take the left on Koolau Road and go south until you pass a tiny cemetery on left with a sign "Koolau Cemetery " on the fence. I knew we had to find some type of dirt parking lot from this websiteyet we couldn't see any. This is my favorite beach in the world, it is kind of like being on another planet.
Kauai Explorer Staff May 21, Could this be because of the fancy development and the Beachwalk? I looked up the defintion of naturist: He noted that there were no signs at the top of the trail warning of the beach being clothing optional.
You'll often find a drum circle with numerous instruments involved. As Kauai has changed over the years with more houses and visitors near remote beaches, the "nude beaches" of Kauai written about in guidebooks have essentially disappeared.
What are good threads to read to help me plan my trip? Nudity has become more and more popular these days and many people embrace it as a natural thing to do when it comes to enjoying the sun and relaxing.
This is true anywhere in the US, unless it is a private club. Patricia - Your NudeBeachWizard. This is what you come to Kauai for.
Sea Mountain Nude Spa. Red Sand Beachor Kaihalulu Beach, is a cove formed by red sands eroding from a volcanic cinder mound. Desi big tits porn. However, recent court challenges to the law have favored the sunbather. Park in the Big Beach parking lot and head north until you run into a lava path. This is truly paradise. Nude beaches on kauai. Monday, May 21, The name may offer some kind of clue or suggestion as to why this is such a sacred place and one of the best nude beaches in Hawaii.
He called Kauai Police to complain nude persons were at Secret Beach. Hi Allie - Aliomanu is on the East side near Anahola. I am interested in snorkeling and beach bumming. Ask before you go out. Hot lesbians go hard. You can hike west for 2 miles -- all the way to Pila beach if you choose. I know there are some beautiful beaches that are isolated. Because the lava shelf is near sea level, this is a particularly dangerous place to explore.
Online Nudist Dating Free to register and share hundreds of thousands of nudists and naturists' experiences on nudist camps, nudist photos, nudist beach, nudist gallery, videos, nudist books and travel. Both are legal nude beaches and require a little extra effort to get to, but both are very much worth the hike, and in the case of Hana, the drive.
To connect with your existing account, please enter your password: I love to snorkel. Though park rangers may put a kibash on the fun, the beach is still a destination for those looking to strip down. Tunnels Beach is one of the north shore's most popular beaches. Hot nude college pics. Flight 5 Flying from.
From there the walk to the beach is about 10 minutes. These are published by name omitteda Republican and Mormon who is terrified of nude persons. As Kauai has changed over the years with more houses and visitors near remote beaches, the "nude beaches" of Kauai written about in guidebooks have essentially disappeared.
There is a natural shower there too. My partner and I are visiting Kauai for our first time in feb to march. For security reasons, please sign in to confirm your identity: Staff, board sought for new school. Click here for more information on Hanakapiai Beach Kee Beach was once promoted as a nude beach.
The waves look a little flat in that picture though for surfing. Beautiful natural tits amateur. Palm Springs Area Nude Resorts. All in all it was the best beach I've ever encountered. Go north on Koolau Road which has many curces and switchbacks. Email this page Leave a comment. Hotel Nude Zipolte Mexico. I have lived on Kauai a relatively short time, but what I have seen speaks volumes.
Kauai Explorer Staff Dec 17, I have found that his racism comes from locals AND haoles. Nude beaches on kauai. There are many sacred spots on this iana landand this is one of them. We live on Oahu and want to do things not availalbe on our island.
The presence of neural stem cells (NSCs) and the production of new neurons in the adult brain have received great attention from scientists and the public because of implications to brain plasticity and their potential use for treating currently incurable brain diseases. Adult neurogenesis is controlled at multiple levels, including proliferation, differentiation, migration, and programmed cell death (PCD). Among these, PCD is the last and most prominent process for regulating the final number of mature neurons integrated into neural circuits. PCD can be classified into apoptosis, necrosis, and autophagic cell death and emerging evidence suggests that all three may be important modes of cell death in neural stem/progenitor cells. However, the molecular mechanisms that regulate PCD and thereby impact the intricate balance between self-renewal, proliferation, and differentiation during adult neurogenesis are not well understood. In this comprehensive review, we focus on the extent, mechanism, and biological significance of PCD for the control of adult neurogenesis in the mammalian brain. The role of intrinsic and extrinsic factors in the regulation of PCD at the molecular and systems levels is also discussed. Adult neurogenesis is a dynamic process, and the signals for differentiation, proliferation, and death of neural progenitor/stem cells are closely interrelated. A better understanding of how adult neurogenesis is influenced by PCD will help lead to important insights relevant to brain health and diseases.
Programmed cell death (PCD) is a type of cell death by design that mainly occurs during embryonic development. The presence of neuronal PCD during development was first discovered by Beard in the 19th century, and the extent of PCD in many different neuronal populations, the underlying molecular mechanisms, and the biological roles of PCD have been studied since the 1980’s [1]. In particular, discoveries of key molecules regulating PCD, including caspases and the Bcl-2 family proteins, have fueled the study of developmental PCD. The biological importance of PCD has also been addressed using animals with mutations in genes controlling PCD. The roles of PCD during nervous system development appear to be classified into three main categories: 1) regulation of the size of progenitor populations, 2) error correction and 3) systems matching. Each of these roles is associated with the optimization of systems by the removal of erroneous or unwanted neural populations for sculpting the nervous system during development. One of the most studied types of neuronal PCD is the target-dependent survival of peripheral neurons. For example, about 50 % of sensory neurons or motor neurons innervating their targets (e.g. skin or muscle, respectively) eventually undergo PCD during their provisional synapse formation. Because supplements of additional targets or appropriate neurotrophic factors rescue them from death, it is believed that target-derived neurotrophic signals are responsible for the survival of innervating neurons (neurotrophic hypothesis). Competition among innervating young neurons is critical for the selection of surviving vs. dying neurons, and the limited amount of neurotrophic factors appears to determine the extent of PCD [2–7]. However, how neurotrophic factors select ‘winners’ and ‘losers’ are less understood.
More recently, the presence of neural stem cells (NSCs) and the spontaneous production of new neurons from these cells in the adult brain have been identified. Adult NSCs are cells that have the potential to self-renew and differentiate into multiple cell types including neurons, astrocytes, and oligodendrocytes in the adult nervous system [8]. Newly generated neurons derived from adult NSCs become physiologically mature and are functionally integrated into the preexisting neural circuit [9]. They are known to be involved in several brain functions and behaviors including learning and memory [10, 11]. Adult neurogenesis is a dynamic process recapitulating the development of the embryonic nervous system and is modulated by various physiological and pathological activities at all stages: proliferation and differentiation of NSCs, migration, survival, maturation, and integration of newborn neurons.
Because adult neurogenesis is an extension of the embryonic development of the nervous system, PCD also plays an important role in the regulation of adult neurogenesis and the integration of young neurons into mature neural circuits [12]. Although the molecular machineries controlling PCD appear to be the same in the developing and adult brains, neuronal competition in particular is quite different. In the developing nervous system, competition for neuronal survival occurs among immature embryonic neurons with similar developmental/differentiation stages. On the other hand, young neurons in the adult brain likely compete with young neurons in similar stages and with preexisting mature neurons for survival and/or circuit integration. In this respect, PCD in the adult brain may have unique regulatory mechanisms or biological utility; only a few studies have addressed this issue. In this review, we focus on current knowledge of adult neurogenesis and the contribution of PCD as a regulatory strategy, and discuss potential roles of PCD in adult brain function.
Neurogenesis was traditionally accepted to occur during embryonic developmental in the mammalian central nervous system (CNS), but in the 1960s it was suggested by Altman and Das that new neurons from progenitor cells were continuously added throughout adulthood [13]. Since then, technical advances have allowed researchers to demonstrate adult neurogenesis. The identification of newborn neurons in the adult CNS has been made possible in large part by three different approaches: 1) analyzing the incorporation of the nucleotide analogues [3H]-thymidine or bromodeoxyuridine (BrdU) during cell division, 2) genetic marking by stereotaxic injection of retrovirus carrying a reporter gene into the adult brain, and 3) tracking the expression of specific markers and the development of transgenic models under specific promoters [14]. Although these approaches have been used successfully to investigate adult neurogenesis, they each have disadvantages and limitations, leading to discrepancies among studies. Although nucleotide analogues can be used to cover the entire population of newborn neurons, their incorporation does not occur only during cell division. They can be incorporated into newly synthesized DNA resulting from the DNA repair process and even in postmitotic neurons after brain injury [15]. Furthermore, these nucleotide analogues may influence the normal process of adult neurogenesis [16]. Retroviral injection is useful for the direct visualization of newborn neurons, but it requires invasive surgical procedures and covers only a limited number of new neurons [17–21]. Non-invasive genetic labeling of adult-born cells in transgenic animal models, such as the inducible Cre recombinase and tamoxifen-regulated system (Cre-ER), is an alternative approach that is now being successfully applied [22–25]. Specific markers for NSCs and newborn neurons cover the entire population of newborn cells and can be used for human samples, but they are expressed transiently and sometimes nonspecifically in other cell types. Therefore, these approaches should be used carefully, and a combination of these methods will help avoid false interpretation of the results. Recently, a birth-dating method to measure carbon-14 (C14), derived from nuclear bomb testing, has been applied to demonstrate adult neurogenesis in humans [26–28].
Although various techniques have been developed to easily detect the generation of new neurons in the adult brain, the assessment of PCD in the adult brain is not easy. Dead cells are efficiently removed by immune cells such as microglia in the brain [29, 30]. In some cases, immature neuroblasts also contribute to the clearance of dead cells in the dentate gyrus [31]. Therefore, the presence of dead cells may be transient as a result of active clearance and may render the identification and quantification of dead cells in the adult brain very complicated [32]. In this respect, knockout mice that fail to execute PCD, such as Bax-knockout mice, have been efficiently used to assess the extent and distribution of PCD in the adult brain [33, 34].
Adult neurogenesis actively occurs in spatially restricted brain regions of the mammalian CNS throughout adulthood [35]. Spontaneous neurogenic regions refer to brain regions that spontaneously produce new neurons in adults under normal conditions. The subventricular zone (SVZ) of the lateral ventricle and the subgranular zone (SGZ) of the hippocampal DG in adults continuously and spontaneously generate neurons under normal conditions. Although adult neurogenesis in these two spontaneous neurogenic regions is well established, reports of the presence of NSCs and spontaneous adult neurogenesis in other brain regions, called non-neurogenic regions, are conflicting (Fig. 1). Neurosphere assays and the labeling of specific markers have identified the presence of NSCs in the spinal cord, cerebral cortex, cerebellum, and retina [36–39].
Adult neurogenesis in spontaneous neurogenic regions and non-neurogenic regions. Neurogenic regions possessing active neural stem cells (NSCs): In the adult brain, neurogenesis in the subgranular zone (SGZ) of the hippocampal dentate gyrus (DG) and the subventricular zone (SVZ) of the lateral ventricle actively supplies newly generated cells. SGZ and SVZ have been identified as spontaneous neurogenic regions possessing self-renewing neural stem cells (NSCs) and neural progenitor cells (NPCs), respectively. Non-neurogenic regions possessing active NSCs: In addition to these two discrete regions, subcallosal zone (SCZ) is the sources for continuously generating multi-potent NSCs. Non-neurogenic regions possessing quiescent NSCs: Recent reports have suggested that NSCs may be widely distributed in the adult brain. The existence of NSCs is proposed by in vitro neurosphere culture and BrdU+ labeling in many regions which were previously believed to be non-neurogenic, such as striatum, thalamus, hypothalamus, spinal cord, and Purkinje cell layer of the cerebellum. One of the difficulties for identifying NSCs in the non-neurogenic regions is possibly due to the mitotic quiescence of the NSCs, which has inducible capacity for self-renewal and multi-potency under pathological conditions
NSCs in the adult SVZ, located adjacent to the ependymal cell layer of lateral ventricles, proliferate and differentiate to immature neurons. Newborn neurons in this region migrate tangentially into the olfactory bulb (OB) through the rostral migratory stream to become granule neurons and periglomerular neurons [40]. The RMS is guided through chain migration via the formation of elongated cell aggregates. During migration, blood vessels are closely associated with chains of cells to form a scaffold for migration [41, 42]. At 2 weeks after birth in the adult brain, most newborn neurons have reached the OB and move radially toward the granule cell layer and the periglomerular cell layer in the OB. This migration is regulated by interactions between cells or between the cell and the extracellular matrix; the ephrin family of proteins, ErbB4, neural cell adhesion molecule (NCAM), and reelin are known to be involved in this process [43]. Secretory signals, such as hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), glutamate, and gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA) also contribute to the regulation of chain migration [44–46]. Newborn neurons become more complex in morphology, developing elaborate dendrites and axon. Granule neurons are morphologically mature at 2 weeks and periglomerular neurons at 4 weeks after their birth. During maturation, they form synapses, receiving synaptic inputs through dendritic spines. It has been estimated that 60,000–120,000 cells in 2-month-old rats and 30,000 cells in adult mice are integrated into OB neural circuits daily [33, 47–49]. However, 50 % of neural progenitor cells (NPCs) and young neurons undergo PCD to eliminate superfluous cells, and the remaining neurons can survive up to 1 year [49, 50]. Neurogenesis in the SVZ is regulated by diverse mechanisms. Sensory input has been shown to be critical for the survival of adult-born neurons during neuronal maturation [50]. Neurotrophic factors [51, 52], growth hormones [53], and neuropeptide Y [54, 55] have been reported to play a role in adult SVZ neurogenesis. Although the function of adult SVZ neurogenesis is unclear, it is involved in odor memory [10, 56–58] and pheromone-related social interactions [59].
It is important to note that the SVZ is poorly developed in humans, and compared with the rodent SVZ, the human SVZ has lower numbers of proliferating cells and neurons [60–62]. Arguably, the human brain lacks chains of migrating neuroblasts from the SVZ to the OB [62–64]. At this point, it remains unclear whether this structural difference requires different regulatory mechanisms in humans and rodents.
In the adult SGZ, hippocampal NSCs are juxtaposed with a dense layer of granule cells in the DG. They proliferate and differentiate into immature granule neurons. Depending on the context, 30–70 % of the newborn neurons survive, but the remainder die between the first and second week after birth. Surviving neurons then migrate into the granular cell layer and send axons to form functional synapses on CA3 pyramidal neurons 2 weeks after birth, and the newly formed synapse becomes stable at 4 weeks [65]. Dendrites from the newborn neurons reach the outer molecular layer within 4 weeks [66]. During maturation, dendritic refinement and synapse formation in newborn neurons are very tightly regulated by diverse mechanisms. Silencing of Disrupted-In-Schizophrenia-1 [67], class 3 Semaphorin [21], kinesin II motor protein [68], and glucocorticoid receptors [69] in newborn granular neurons affects their dendritic growth and cell positioning. In addition, aging, electrical activity, enriched environment, and physical exercise dynamically regulate the proliferation of NSCs and the survival and differentiation of newborn neurons in the adult hippocampus [14, 70, 71]. Approximately 30–70 % of newly generated neuroblasts are eliminated within the first month after birth during their integration period, depending on the animals’ physiological/pathological condition and their experience [72]. We have estimated how many neurons undergo PCD by analyzing the number of newborn neurons in Bax-knockout mice in which PCD is completely blocked [73]. The number of DG cells in Bax-knockout mice increased 2-fold by 12 months compared to WT mice, whereas DG cell numbers were similar at 2 months. These data suggest that PCD is marginal during the early postnatal period when the DG is forming, but PCD is an important factor for regulating adult neurogenesis. It appears that 1,300 cells undergo PCD daily and are replaced by newborn neurons in the adult mouse DG. Comparably, in humans, 700 new neurons, or 0.004 % of DG neurons, are added in each hippocampus per day [74]. This means that 1.75 % of the neurons within renewing populations are annually renewed in the human brain during adulthood. These results indicate that PCD also plays a significant role in the regulation of adult neurogenesis in humans.
Recently, the subcallosal zone (SCZ) has been identified as a neuroblastogenic region in the adult brain [75]. The SCZ is located beneath the neocortex and is closely associated with white matter. Most cells born in adult SCZ migrate into the corpus callosum and become oligodendrocytes [37]. Compared with the SVZ and SGZ, newborn neurons in the SCZ undergo virtually complete PCD regulated by Bax. Newborn neurons survive in Bax-knockout adult mice but not in wild-type mice; however, they fail to become functionally mature neurons due mostly to the absence of appropriate neurotrophic supports [38, 75]. A functional role for neurogenesis in the adult SCZ is indicated by the fact that focal traumatic brain injury promotes neurogenesis in this region, which suggests that the adult SCZ maintains neurogenic potential that could contribute to recovery in the injured brain. Although the biological utility of neuroblastogenesis in the SCZ is yet unclear, this observation suggests that PCD is one of main strategies involved in determining the content of neurons integrating into mature neural circuits. Similarly, dividing Pax6- and Olig2-positive NSCs within the subcortical white matter continually produce doublecortin (DCX)-positive new neurons, but they are lost within a week of their birth [38].
The SCZ, which, in the human brain, is often called subcortical white matter, is well-developed in humans, and the embryonic SCZ contains transient neurons that might be postnatally eliminated by PCD [76]. Previously, Roy et al. found that the human SCZ possess mitotically competent progenitor cells, most of which differentiate into oligodendrocytes in vitro; however, a very small fraction of these cells are found to mature into neurons [77]. These observations indicate that these progenitors have the potential for multilineage differentiation. Later, this group of researchers confirmed that human white-matter progenitor cells from the SCZ can produce functionally mature neurons and glia in vitro and after xenograft to the fetal rat brain [78]. However, further studies are needed to understand the regulatory mechanism of adult neurogenesis in the human SCZ, including PCD.
The isolation of proliferating cells from many non-neurogenic regions in the adult brain and their differentiation into neurons in vitro and in vivo after transplantation has led to the emerging view that NSCs may be widely distributed in the adult brain, although there are still discrepancies among studies. Whether neurogenesis occurs in the adult neocortex is heavily debated. Several reports have shown that the neocortex generates neurons in the adult rat [79], hamster [80], and macaque [81, 82], whereas others have shown that there are no adult-born neurons in the neocortex [27, 83, 84]. Which regions of the brain produce newborn neurons in the neocortex are also matters of debate. It has been shown that new neurons are added to the neocortical association areas in the adult macaque, but it appears that they migrate from the SVZ through the white matter [81]. The fact that NG2-immunoreactive neurons were found in the neocortex indicates newborn neurons originate from the cortex itself, as neural/glial antigen 2 (NG2)-positive precursors reside within this area [79]. In fact, many recent studies have reported that new neurons are generated in the adult mammalian neocortex under pathological conditions [46, 85, 86]. These reports suggest the presence of NSCs in the neocortex, which can be upregulated by brain injury.
Contradictory results, however, have been shown in other brain regions including the striatum, amygdala, substantia nigra, brainstem, olfactory tubercle, and piriform cortex [87]. The neurogenic potential of the adult spinal cord was identified by characterizing neurosphere-forming cells isolated from the adult spinal cord [64, 88]. The number of putative NSCs from the adult spinal cord is greatly increased by spinal cord injuries [89, 90]. The nature of these neurosphere-forming cells in terms of whether they possess ependymal or glial characteristics is still under debate [91–94].
Growing evidence suggests that the adult cerebellum contains cells with characteristics of NSCs. Bergmann glia, radial glia present in the Purkinje cell layer, express the neural stem markers Sox1/2/9 in the adult cerebellum [74, 95]. Purified NSCs from the postnatal murine cerebellum can form self-renewing neurospheres and differentiate into multiple cell types including neurons in vitro and in vivo after transplantation [96]. Upon transplantation to the perinatal cerebellum, NSCs from the cerebellum differentiate into region-specific cerebellar neurons and acquire the mature electrophysiological properties of cerebellar granule cells [97].
A small group of retinal stem cells persists at the margin of the retina in most vertebrates. Retinal stem cells in fish and amphibians continue to produce progenitors throughout life, adding new retina to the periphery of the existing retina. This new retinal addition is limited in birds and not evident in mammals. Putative NSCs from the retinal periphery and ciliary body of mammals can be isolated and grown in vitro for extended periods [36]. A variety of cell types have been suggested to potentially act as neural progenitors in the adult mammalian retina, including Müller glia [98], ciliary epithelium [64], and iris pigment epithelial cells [76]. The neurogenic potential of Müller cells was initially identified in lower vertebrates [63, 99] and later in humans [100]. Ciliary epithelial stem cells are present in a mitotically quiescent state in the adult mammalian eye and under in vitro conditions, they begin to express sodium and potassium channels and thereby develop into functional neurons [64]. They also respond to specific cues in culture conditions and preferentially differentiate along the lineages of retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) and rod photoreceptors [101]. Similar to other retina stem cells, pure isolated iris pigment epithelial cells express neural progenitor markers and differentiate into neurons and glial cells [76].
Adult neurogenesis in the hypothalamus has also been reported [102, 103]. Hypothalamic radial glia-like ependymal cells (tanycytes) from the median eminence generate newborn neurons in the adult hypothalamus [104]. Neurogenesis in the adult hypothalamus is involved in determining the weight and metabolic activity of adult mice [102]. Furthermore, postnatal hypothalamic neurogenesis is regulated by a high-fat diet [105]. In addition to the hypothalamus, the striatum, septum, and thalamus maintain NSCs that are activated upon exposure to certain growth factors and regulatory signals in situ [102, 106]. Additional studies have also reported on the production of new neurons in the rat midbrain [107], although this remains controversial [108, 109].
Notably, an in vitro neurosphere assay has been used to demonstrate the presence of NSCs in many non-neurogenic regions by assessing the potential of distinct populations to form neurospheres in vitro. However, a recent publication by Codega et al. challenges the utility of this assay to identify ‘quiescent’ stem cells in vivo. Quiescent NSCs, which rarely form neurospheres or adherent colonies in vitro, might be present in distinct brain regions in vivo. Only activated NSCs, which actively divide in vivo, can form neurospheres in vitro [110]. This suggests that there might be additional non-neurogenic regions that possess potential NSCs, possibly quiescent NSCs, which are not actively dividing and neurosphere-forming NSCs.
In summary, accumulating evidence has shown that adult NSCs are present in many brain regions other than the spontaneously neurogenic SVZ and SGZ, although they cannot be easily identified because of their mitotic quiescence, slow dividing activity, or potentially massive PCD under normal conditions (Fig. 1). Therefore, it becomes more important to explore the mechanism by which non-neurogenic brain regions regulate the proliferation of NSCs and their differentiation into neurons in normal and pathological conditions in order to better understand adult neurogenesis.
The molecular process and causality of PCD in the CNS have been central topics of continuous research in the past decades. We briefly highlight core regulatory molecules and biochemical pathways of apoptosis, autophagy, and necrosis in this section, followed by a review of new insights into PCD for the control of adult neurogenesis in the next section (Fig. 2).
The key players in the regulation of PCD during adult neurogenesis. Apoptosis: Pro-apoptotic signals induce Bax translocation to the outer membrane of mitochondria. Bax-mediated pore formation leads to the release of apoptogenic cytochrome c (Cyt c) into the cytosol and apoptosome formation. The apoptosome activates procaspase-9 and catalytically active caspase-9 induces activation of downstream effector caspases, caspase-3 and -7 (Caspase 3/7). Phosphatidylserine (PS) exposure at the cell surface is required for the clearance of apoptotic cells. In the adult neural stem cells (NSCs), p53, Bim and PUMA have been implicated in activating apoptosis. In addition, the pro-apoptotic proteins, Bax and Bak are the key regulators. Mcl-1 antagonizes the pro-apoptotic proteins, and therefore, considered as a critical anti-apoptotic protein for the survival of the NSCs. In extrinsic apoptosis, a death ligand (TNFα, Fas, or TRAIL) binding activates death receptor and induces DISC complex formation near the receptor. Upon DISC complex-mediated activation of caspase-8, intrinsic and extrinsic apoptosis converge at the level of the executioner caspase cascade. In adult NSCs, PED/PEA-15 represses the activation of caspase-8. Release of Ca2+ from the ER and subsequent transfer to the mitochondria promtes the commitment of NSCs to cell death. Autophagic cell death (ACD): Autophagy is induced when cells are starved of nutrients or survival factors. Atg7 regulates the maturation of autophagosome and initiates the lipidation of LC3 (also called LC3 II). Cargos subjected to degradation are degraded in the autophagolysosome. AMBRA1 and Beclin-1-induced autophagy is inversely correlated with apoptosis in adult NSCs. Under insulin-deprived condition, the adult hippocampal neural stem (HCN) cells succumb to ACD wherein the cell fate is under the control of GSK-3β activation. Inhibition of GSK-3β phosphorylation (p-GSK-3β) induces ACD. The negative regulator of ACD is calpain, which also mediates the crosstalk between apoptosis and ACD. Necrosis: Extracellular ATP or death receptor activation rapidly induces RIP1/RIP3 necrosome formation. Necrotic cell death results from the depletion of cytoplasmic ATP due to mitochondrial dysfunction. A purinergic P2X7 receptor-mediated necrosis induction has been reported in adult NSCs. However, regulator of necrosis in adult NSCs has not been identified to date
Autophagy (from Greek, meaning ‘self-eating’) is a catabolic pathway by which bulk cytoplasmic materials—including macromolecules and organelles—are degraded in a selective or a non-selective manner [121]. Cells undergoing autophagy display autophagic vacuolar structures including autophagosomes and autolysosomes, the products of autophagosome fusion with lysosomes [122]. The process of synthesis of autophagosome, the engulfment of autophagy substrates, the autophagolysosomal maturation, and the degradation of materials by lysosomal hydrolases is denoted as ‘autophagy flux’ [123]. Through its role in recycling proteins and catalyzing dysfunctional cytoplasmic organelles, autophagy is undoubtedly involved in a variety of physiological cellular processes including cell survival and death, metabolism, development, and aging.
Besides its role in maintaining cellular homeostasis, autophagy is a direct contributor to cell death in a variety of species including yeast, Drosophila, and mammalian cells [124]. Although apoptosis, autophagy, and necrosis have distinct signaling pathways, many biochemical components converge. Therefore, apparent changes in the expression of autophagy-related molecules are insufficient to implicate autophagy as a direct contributor of cell death. Based on accumulating evidence for the role of autophagy in PCD, recent studies have established discernible criteria for autophagic cell death (ACD): 1) cell death does not accompany the activation of apoptosis executers; 2) dying cells have increased autophagic flux; and 3) autophagy suppression rescues or prevents cell death [125, 126].
The death ligands that drive cells to apoptosis can kill cells via necrosis as well [127]. Although necrosis is one of the three modalities of PCD, necrosis-specific molecular processes leading to cell death in a programmed manner are relatively unknown. Receptor-interacting protein (RIP) kinases are core regulators of necrotic cell death [128]. Knockdown or chemical inhibition of RIP1 by necrostatin-1 inhibits TNF-induced necrotic cell death [128].
The intracellular concentration of ATP provided either by glycolysis or mitochondrial respiration is a determinant of the molecular switch between apoptosis and necrosis; prolonged depletion of intracellular ATP levels shifts cells to undergo necrotic cell death [129, 130].
Aiming to understand factors that control the balance between NSC proliferation and death during neurogenesis in the adult brain, this section will attempt to bring together existing in vivo evidence supporting the idea that adult neurogenesis is regulated by PCD with in vitro molecular studies to gain insight into the molecular and cellular mechanisms of PCD during adult neurogenesis. It is very challenging to directly demonstrate the molecular mechanisms of cell death of NSCs in vivo; therefore, it is imperative to extrapolate the relevant mechanisms and potential roles of cell death regulators in neurogenesis from in vitro biochemical studies [131]. Therefore, we will mostly consider studies of NSC death in in vitro NSC cultures in order to identify mechanisms that could provide insight into adult neurogenesis in vivo, because our particular interest is in understanding the molecular mechanisms of PCD and how it affects neurogenesis in the adult brain.
The survival of NSCs is dependent on growth factors in neurogenic niches. FGF-2, a mitogen, is one of the factors that regulate proliferation and postmitotic cell fate [132]. When deprived of growth factors, NSCs undergo apoptosis. Adult NSCs possess multiple checkpoints along the PCD signaling pathway to repress or promote cell death. For example, NSCs from bax −/− bak −/− mice are resistant to growth factor deprivation-induced apoptotic cell death. Also, adult NPCs in the SVZ are more susceptible to apoptosis when Mcl-1 is conditionally knocked out, whereas Mcl-1 overexpression reduces endogenous apoptosis by 50 % in nestin-positive adult NPCs from the SVZ [133]. These reports indicate that mitochondrial apoptotic pathway is essential PCD in newly generated cells in the neurogenic regions [73] and Bcl-2 family proteins function as regulators of NSCs commitment to mitochondria-dependent apoptosis. As such, bax-deficient NSCs are viable when subjected to apoptosis-inducing stimuli such as staurosporine, a prototypical inducer of apoptosis which inhibits multiple kinases, or etoposide [134]. On the other hand, adult wild-type NSCs show characteristic mitochondrial apoptotic markers, including the release of cytochrome c, cleaved caspase-3, and DNA fragmentation when stimulated with staurosporine [135]. Although mitochondria-dependent apoptotic pathways seem to be critical in the death of NSCs derived from different neurogenic regions, further comparative studies are required to understand regional differences in the molecular signaling mechanisms and reveal a unified or region-specific mechanism of the intrinsic apoptosis in the adult NSCs.
In the DG, Bim or PUMA deficiencies also lead to significant enhancement of the survival of newly developed neurons [136]. PUMA is a downstream target gene of p53, which is a transcriptional regulator of apoptosis upon cellular stress [137]. p53-dependent apoptosis in NSCs of DG and OB is mediated by PUMA [137, 138]. In addition, p53 deficiency enhances proliferation and induces differentiation toward neuronal and glial cell types in SVZ [139]. However, in contrast to these reports on the inhibition of NSC self-renewal by p53, there are reports on the surprising increase of cell death in the neurogenic regions of mice deleted of p53 [140, 141]. Therefore, the exact role of p53 in regulation of NSCs remains unsettled.
Recently, a number of studies have shown that endoplasmic reticulum (ER)- mitochondrial Ca2+ promotes the commitment of NSCs to cell death. The close proximity of the ER and mitochondria permits synergistic intracellular signaling events, including lipid biosynthesis, Ca2+ transmission, and mitochondrial fusion and fission dynamics [142]. Ca2+ transfer at the ER-mitochondria contact site mediates the initiation of apoptosis. VDAC1, Akt, Bax, Bak, and Bcl-2 modulate the discharge of intracellular Ca2+ from the ER to mitochondria via the SR Ca2+ ATPase and the inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate (IP3) receptor [143–146]. NSCs/NPCs are sensitive to regional changes in Ca2+ concentration. Bax-knockout SVZ NSCs are less prone to caspase-3 mediated cell death. Moreover, Bax is a major determinant of apoptosis in adult NSCs, and its action is mediated by the modification of IP3 receptor-mediated calcium flux [147]. Knockdown of either Bax or IP3 receptor significantly improved cell survival, thereby strengthening the role of ER in the PCD of NSCs/NPCs. In the adult neurogenic SVZ and SGZ, apoptotic NSCs are phagocytosed by unchallenged microglia [32].
Upon ischemic injury in the adult brain, neurons undergo extensive apoptotic cell death mediated by death receptor ligands, including TRAIL, Fas, and TNF-α [148]. Whether NSCs undergo apoptosis via the death receptor-mediated extrinsic apoptotic pathway in response to pro-inflammatory cytokines released by activated microglia is of great interest. In murine NSCs, activation of the Fas receptor by Fas ligand (FasL) does not induce apoptosis, suggesting that NPCs are insensitive to death receptor-mediated apoptosis despite the fact that the Fas receptor is endogenously expressed [149]. FasL treatment increased phosphorylation of ERK in a caspase-8 independent manner, which suggests that FasL promotes growth rather than death in NSCs [149, 150]. Similar to the effect of FasL on adult NSCs, TNF activation does not cause extensive apoptotic death in adult NSCs. In vitro TNF-α treatment for up to three days induced a low level of DNA fragmentation in adult SVZ NSCs, suggesting that adult NSCs have high thresholds for the induction of TNF-α induced activation of the extrinsic apoptotic pathway [151]. Sox-2 positive adult NSCs express TLR2 and TLR4, and when these cells are challenged with the TLR agonists, TNF-α has been found to be released from NSCs; however, this ligand did not promote either death receptor-engaged extrinsic apoptosis or the proliferation of adult NSCs [152].
The mechanism of protection against death-inducing ligands in adult NSCs has not been well characterized. In NSCs, FLIP, a well-established endogenous inhibitor of caspase-8, was found not to be responsible for the non-functional death receptor pathway [149, 150]. Instead, low expression of caspase-8 and the competitive binding of PED/PEA-15 to FADD altogether prevent caspase-8 processing in adult NSCs [153]. The resistance to death ligands is probably an intrinsic mechanism to conserve a pool of NSCs when cytokines are over-produced following/during CNS injury.
Elimination of erroneous or developmentally transient cell populations for error correction is one of the major functions of PCD during embryonic or early postnatal development. For example, a subset of erroneously migrating Purkinje cells are eliminated from their ectopic position in the cerebellum, a process which can be blocked by eliminating the Bax gene [154], suggesting that the elimination of cells that fail to migrate may be a common function of PCD to allow for error correction in the postnatal brain. Failure in neuroblast migration also appears to induce PCD in the adult brain. We observed that Bax-knockout mice exhibit a massive accumulation of ectopic neurons in the RMS where young neuroblasts are actively migrating [33]. Considering that dying cells are frequently observed in the migratory stream [155], it appears that some neuroblasts undergo PCD during their migration. In Bax-knockout mice—and due to the increased flow of neuroblasts through the relatively constant migratory tube generated by ensheathing astrocytes—glial cells were eventually displaced and the neuroblasts were released from the migratory tract. Interestingly, migrating neuroblasts express the N-Methyl-D-aspartic acid receptors (NMDARs) long before synaptic integration, and a single cell-level gene knockout of the NMDARs in neuroblasts resulted in PCD [156]. Considering that vesicular release of glutamate from the ensheathing astrocytes is a major source of NMDARs activation, loss of NMDA activation might contribute to the PCD of displaced neuroblasts. However, it should also be noted that migration-defective neuroblasts do not always undergo PCD, and a subset of cells appears to be differentiated into mature neurons [157]. Currently the impact of these ectopically survived neurons are unclear, but PCD of migrating neuroblasts may serve to prevent potential errors in neural “wiring.”
More recently, it was discovered that a subset of early neuroblasts (2–4 days after generation from transit-amplifying cells) in the DG also undergoes PCD [1]. Considering that neuroblasts at these periods in the SGZ begin to migrate toward the interior of the granular zone, it appears that PCD—as occurs during the neuroblast stage—is common in adult neurogenic regions. However, it is unclear whether PCD during this early phase of the neuroblast population is relevant to the elimination of erroneously migrating cell populations.
It appears that the most extensive PCD occurs during the synaptogenesis of postmitotic neurons. In the normal adult brain, a considerable number of dying cells is readily observed using a variety of methods [155]. Most of these dying cells in the neurogenic regions are neuroblasts, and they can easily be identified by the expression of markers for immature neuroblasts, including DCX and PSA-NCAM. Lineage-tracing and birth-dating experiments also consistently suggest a 30–70 % loss of immature neurons during the formation of provisional synaptic contacts and subsequent synaptogenesis. For example, double labeling with apoptotic and neuronal markers has shown that PCD occurs during the maturation of newly generated neurons in the DG [158–160]. In addition, massive PCD is seen in the OB where young neuroblasts stop migrating and begin to differentiate [47, 50, 161]. PCD during the synaptogenic period is critical for the efficient establishment of synaptic connections. The mechanism that determines the survival of an optimal number of neurons during development is explained by the ‘neurotrophic hypothesis’ [5, 162]. The neurotrophic hypothesis assumes that the availability of neurotrophic signals released from target organs/neurons for the survival of neurons is limited. Under this condition, competition among the neurons for access to these trophic signals eventually determines how many cells are to remain. Identification of target-derived neurotrophic factors and microsurgery or gene perturbation experiments have consistently supported the neurotrophic hypothesis as a promising model for explaining developmental PCD. It seems likely that the mechanism of PCD in adult neurogenesis is also related to the neurotrophic hypothesis. For example, there is substantial evidence correlating conditions that increase neurotrophic signals, such as physical exercise or hippocampal learning, with reduced PCD of adult-produced neurons [86, 163–165]. By contrast, conditions that suppress the expression of neurotrophic signals, such as stresses or social isolation, enhance PCD. In this respect, at least, neurotrophic factors are involved in the survival of adult-produced neurons. Although it remains unclear what and how significant a competition for neurotrophic signals plays in the selection of surviving neurons, there is evidence demonstrating the presence of competition among newly produced neurons for survival. For example, the genetic elimination of the NMDARs in a subset of newly produced neurons using a single-cell knockout technique resulted in the reduced survival of the affected neurons, whereas total number of surviving neurons remained constant by increased survival of neighboring, unaffected normal neurons [166]. This result fits neurotrophic hypothesis since, losers (affected cells) will die more than winners (unaffected cells) under the selection pressure of limited amount of glutamate receptor activation or subsequent neurotrophic signals.
Competition for survival among immature neurons essentially occurs between homogeneously immature neurons, but immature neurons in the adult brain must also compete with pre-established mature neurons for new synaptic connections. Morphological tracing has shown that newly born neurons form synapses with mature neurons [50, 167–169], and they begin to receive inputs from afferent fibers by 2 weeks after birth [66, 170–172]. Considering that immature neurons efficiently incorporate into the neuronal circuit, they should be able to replace old connections. To accomplish such a replacement, either young neurons should have the ability to actively remove preexisting partners to form new connections, or old neurons should be spontaneously removed and provide room for young neurons. We have addressed this and related issues experimentally by blocking PCD in Bax-knockout mice. In Bax-knockout mice, PCD of DG neurons is completely blocked [73]. Accordingly, the number of DG neurons progressively increases with age in Bax-KO mice. In this situation, the outnumbered adult-produced, surviving neurons form synaptic connections with efferent and afferent neurons [34]. Considering that massive loss of young neurons is prevented by Bax deletion, and that surviving neurons successfully find their synaptic partners—which are relatively constant in number—the above observation suggests that young neurons can form synapses with actively eliminated preexisting neurons. In support of this, we have found that Bax-knockout mice showed relatively normal neural circuits formed by young neurons, but mature neuronal circuits were severely impaired, indicating that long-surviving adult-generated neurons can intercalate with mature neural circuits. In this respect, it appears that PCD of adult neurons is a means to maintain the integrity of neuronal circuits, and the failure of this process cannot be compensated by other biological events such as synaptic pruning, which occurs during embryonic development [173].
However, recent data have shown that conditional knockout of the Bax gene in the adult brain results in enhancement of pattern separation without affecting other major hippocampal functions [174]. This observation is somewhat contradictory to the neurotrophic hypothesis, because it implies that the prevention of immature neuronal death during the competitive period can enhance circuit efficacy. It is important to consider that the DG is involved in many different hippocampal functions in addition to pattern separation. In fact, it has been proposed that DG circuits mediated by immature neurons and mature neurons may have distinct functions. For instance, young neurons exhibit strong synaptic plasticity [172, 175] due to the lack of GABAergic inhibition [166, 175–177]. With this and other distinct cellular characteristics, immature DG neurons appear to mediate efficient pattern separation, whereas mature neurons mediate other functions such as sensory alignment [178]. Therefore, the enhancement of pattern separation following the prevention of PCD may be a transient event caused by an imbalance of immature vs. mature neuronal circuits. In fact, we also found that olfactory learning ability is improved in Bax-knockout mice while major olfactory sensation is virtually normal [33, 56]. Collectively, the functional impact of PCD in adult neurogenesis should be evaluated by examining the interplay between young neurons and mature neurons.
Although the majority of neurons undergoing PCD in the adult brain are adult-generated immature neurons, mature neurons in adult neurogenic regions appear to undergo spontaneous PCD, which can cause the ‘renewal’ of old circuits by replacing dying mature neurons with newly produced ones. Birthdate tracing revealed that about 25 % of the DG neurons generated during a major developmental neurogenic period (postnatal day 6) in rats undergo PCD during the first 1–6 months after birth [72]. Adult-born neurons that survive beyond the PCD period appear to live at least 19–21 months in both rats and mice [49, 179]. On the other hand, newly produced OB neurons undergo PCD during the first 6–19 months after birth [50]. Less is known about the PCD of mature DG neurons in mice, but the total number of DG neurons is invariable in adulthood, indicating that PCD occurs in mature neurons in order to numerically match the adult-produced new neurons [73]. In this way, newly generated neurons appear to replace earlier born, older cells.
Although it is puzzling why new neurons should replace old neurons in limited spontaneous neurogenic regions, the presence of spontaneous cell replacement indicates that new neurons replacing damaged neurons in the diseased or damaged brain is possible.
The majority of studies on PCD during adult neurogenesis to date are limited to apoptosis. Whether other types of PCD are operating during adult neurogenesis remains largely understudied. As the first report on non-apoptotic mode of PCD in adult NSCs, we reported that adult hippocampal neural stem (HCN) cells deprived of insulin committed to ACD despite an intact apoptosis pathway. Genetic suppression of Atg7, a component of the autophagy machinery, attenuated cell death, whereas treatment of the cells with Z-VAD-fmk, an apoptosis inhibitor, failed to attenuate cell death in such conditions [135]. Furthermore, the expression of autophagy marker proteins such as Beclin-1 and LC3 II were elevated; in stark contrast, Bcl-2 family proteins Bcl-2 and Bcl-XL were down regulated [135]. To date, the underlying molecular mechanism of ACD has not been fully understood. Recently, we have reported that activation of GSK-3β, a well-known inducer of neuronal apoptosis, induced ACD instead of apoptosis following insulin deprivation [180]. Calpain is a cytosolic calcium-activated cysteine protease [181]. Calpain inactivation promoted ACD in insulin-deprived HCN cells, whereas calpain activation completely switched ACD to apoptosis, demonstrating that calpain mediates crosstalk between ACD and apoptosis in HCN cells [182]. Recently, the role of Beclin-1 and Ambra1-mediated autophagy has been also reported in adult neurogenesis at SVZ [183]. In adult neurogenesis, the mode of PCD in NSCs/NPCs may vary depending on the nurturing environment of the niche.
Necrotic death occurs rather rarely during physiological postnatal development in the brain. Under pathological conditions such as ischemic injury and inflammation, extracellular ATP released from nearby damaged cells or glial cells evokes necrotic death in recipient cells with purinergic receptors [184]. Generally, extracellular ATP triggers the apoptotic cascade in cells as an immediate consequence of the rapid rise in cytoplasmic Ca2+. However, at a higher degree of ATP insult, cells undergo necrosis instead of apoptosis [185].
Purinergic receptors exist in not only immune cells but also non-immune cells in the CNS. Adult NPCs also express the functional purinergic P2X7 receptor (P2X7R); therefore, stimulating receptor activation with extracellular ATP leads to necrotic death [186–188]. Furthermore, the purinergic receptor also mediates necrotic death in postmitotic cells. In dopaminergic neurons, extracellular ATP induced cell swelling and loss of integrity of the ER and plasma membrane—morphological hallmarks of necrotic death; these effects were blocked by treatment with a P2X7R antagonist [186].
Taken together, our understanding of the molecular mechanisms involved in necrotic death of adult NSCs/NPCs is limited due to a lack of evidence for necrosis during adult neurogenesis. Yet, the susceptibility of NSCs/NPCs to necrotic death under pathological conditions raises the possibility that adult neurogenesis may be perturbed through necrotic mode of PCD under certain conditions.
The stem cell pool is dynamically regulated by changes in the niche by extracellular molecules that are released from vascular endothelial cells, astrocytes, mature neurons, and peripheral sources [156, 189–194]. Humoral factors, neurotrophins, neurotransmitters, morphogens, and steroid hormones regulate the basal level of proliferation of NSCs and promote physiological survival of NSCs and newly produced neurons (Table 1). The regulatory roles of the factors in terms of survival of newly generated cells during adult neurogenesis is well-established in vivo studies; however, because the measures taken to date are limited to rate of volume growth, total numbers of TUNEL activity in BrdU-positive cells, caspase-3 activation, proliferation capacity, and differentiation potentials, the precise molecular mechanisms involved in PCD is not elucidated. Here, we review key regulators of neurogenic niche that have potential to control the intricate balance between survival and PCD in adult neurogenesis.
Brain IGF-1 signaling is a major regulator of brain homeostasis, and accumulating evidence suggests that IGF-1 regulates adult neurogenesis via modulation of the number of newly generated neurons and synaptogenic outputs [53, 195–198]. Homozygous or heterozygous knock out of IGF-1 receptor results in increased number of apoptotic NSCs and retarded growth of several regions of the brain including the hippocampus, cerebral cortex, and cerebellum, respectively [199]. Neurotrophins, such as nerve growth factors (NGFs), brain-derived neurotropic factor (BDNF), and neurotrophin-3 (NT-3), are essential pleiotropic factors with survival and growth-promoting effects on selective neurons during embryonic development [200–203]. BDNF and NGF play a similar role as a pro-survival factor in the adult brain. It has been reported that continuous infusion of NGF for 6 days enhanced the survival of newborn DG neurons [204] and the reduced expression of BDNF or NT-3 (or their receptors) in mutant mice significantly reduced the survival of immature DG neurons [205]. Mechanistically, BDNF and NGF-mediated survival-promoting effect is directly mediated by their anti-apoptotic capacity; STS-induced PARP cleavage and caspase activation were suppressed by BDNF and NGF treatment to NSCs and the anti-apoptotic effect was mediated by activation of PI3K/Akt and MAPK pathway [206]. The multiple downstream events mediating the survival-promoting effects of neurotrophin on adult neurogenesis have begun to be elucidated [207].
Neurogenesis-related PCD are also controlled by various neurotransmitters. This is in sharp contrast to PCD occurring during development. In embryonic development, when significant levels of PCD are known to occur, the nervous system is still immature, and the influence of neurotransmitters is only marginal. Therefore, PCD during embryonic development is mainly controlled by neurotrophic signals, whereas neurotransmissions play important roles in the pruning of connections later. On the other hand, in the adult brain, NSCs and immature newborn neurons are all under the strong influence of mature neuronal circuits, and it appears that synaptic activity and neurotransmitters, either directly or indirectly, modulate the different stages of adult neurogenesis including PCD. Glutamate promotes survival by acting through NMDARs and metabotropic receptors (mGluRs) [208–210]. Genetic suppression of functional NMDARs have been shown to activate apoptosis in new neurons in the adult DG and OB, therefore suggesting that NMDARs activation-mediated control of the rate of cell death is maintained in the adult neurogenic niche [166, 211]. In the damaged brain following hypoxia/ischemia, NSCs are resistant to glutamate toxicity, and group II mGluR stimulation prevents cell death and increases the proliferation of type C cells by reducing cell cycle time in the SVZ [193], suggesting that glutamate also regulates NSC proliferation in this context via the activation of different receptors. SVZ-derived NPCs express functional mGlu1 and mGlu5 metabotropic glutamate receptors, and administration of mGluR1 antagonists (CPCCOEt) promotes the survival of NSCs, raising the possibility that endogenously activated mGluR1 can regulate natural cell loss by controlling the number of progenitors [212].
Other neurotransmitters serotonin (5-HT) [216–218], dopamine (DA) [219, 220], and acetylcholine [221] have survival-promoting activity during adult neurogenesis predominantly via 5-HT1A receptor subtype, D1-like receptor, and α7-containing nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, respectively [222–225].
Morphogens sonic hedgehog (Shh) and Wnt are responsible for the maintenance of the stem cell population in the adult brain [226, 227]. A loss-of-function study using transgenic Shh n/c ;N cre mice showed that disturbance of Shh signaling reduced the number of neurospheres formed and the mechanism of action is at least partly via regulation of PCD in the neurogenic region [228]. Impaired Wnt/β-catenin signaling activates caspase-3 in NSCs of DG [229]. Mature dentate granule neurons in SGZ is a source of secreted molecule that regulate activation of quiescent NSCs via secreted frizzled-related protein 3 (sFRP3), which is a naturally secreted inhibitor of Wnt; loss-of-function study using adult nestin-CreER T2 ::Z/EG f/+::sfrp3 −/− mice has shown profound increase in postmitotic cells compared to wild-type mice [230]. In addition to the above mitogenic factors, steroid hormones progesterone, estrogen [231], and androgen [232] also control adult neurogenesis. Progesterone in particular enhances neuronal survival by receptor-mediated signaling [233–236].
Clearly, dynamic changes in the levels of the various cellular factors will serve as the potential determinant for the cell death rates of NSCs, thereby the extent of neurogenesis in the adult brain. However, the detailed mechanisms by which each factor affects the PCD of NSCs are lacking in majority of the studies and there is a big gap in our understanding between the physiological outcomes of the cellular factors and their action mechanisms in regulation of adult neurogenesis.
Considering that one of the major roles of the nervous system is to sense external information and to decode the information for behavioral/functional outcomes, it is no wonder that adult neurogenesis and the resulting brain plasticity is intimately associated with the external sensing and behavioral responses of an organism at the systemic level. It has been proposed that the proliferation of NSCs requires long-term lag periods to have a functional impact on brain function, because newly produced neurons require 3–6 weeks for system integration [237]. On the other hand, PCD mainly occurs 2–4 weeks after birth, indicating that regulation of PCD can immediately regulate neurogenesis-related brain plasticity. In this respect, it is tempting to speculate that the control of NSC proliferation and PCD is somewhat suitable to maneuver various changes at the systemic level, such as experience-based learning and stress, nutritional condition, and aging [86, 238].
It has been reported that environmental stimuli or the experience of the animal affect the extent of neurogenesis. For instance, an enriched environment or physical exercise enhances the survival of newly generated hippocampal neurons [165, 208, 239–241]. Enrichment of the odorant environment at a critical period also promotes the survival of OB neurons in mice [179, 242, 243]. On the other hand, odor deprivation by naris closure reduced neurogenesis in olfactory bulb and increased the death of the adult-generated neurons [244]. Hippocampal learning such as eye blink conditioning, a water maze task, or olfactory learning such as odor discrimination promote the survival of newly generated neurons in the DG and OB, respectively [164, 245, 246]. On the other hand, aversive experience such as stress or social defeat reduced adult neurogenesis [247, 248]. The induction of long-term potentiation, which is the cellular basis of learning and memory, also promotes the proliferation and survival of new neurons in the DG of rats [249, 250], suggesting that the use of neural circuits may promote the survival of new neurons. It remains unclear how neural activity ultimately controls PCD, although humoral factors, hormones, and neurotransmitters all appear to contribute to the regulation of PCD either directly or indirectly [49, 205, 251–253]. Recently, molecular links between experience-based learning and adult neurogenesis have been reported. Running, an element of environmental enrichment, increased DG neurogenesis and BDNF levels [254]. Running also induced the uptake of blood IGF-1 into the brain and peripheral infusion of anti-IGF-1 blocked running-induced increases in hippocampal neurogenesis [255]. During the development of newborn interneurons in olfactory bulb, sensory experience is a critical factor and it regulates dendritic branching and spine formation by 5 T4 oncofetal trophoblast glycoprotein and the neuronal Per/Arnt/Sim domain protein 4 transcription factor [256].
Adult neurogenesis is dependent on numerous stimulating and inhibiting extrinsic factors, including dietary components. There is growing evidence suggesting that neurogenesis is impaired by high-fat diet-induced and genetic forms of obesity. The excessive intake of carbohydrates and saturated fatty acids leads to obesity and alterations in neurogenesis [257]. Indeed, the link between neuropathology and obesity has been shown by demonstrating that weight reduction improves cognitive function [258].
In recent years, factors that may mediate the correlation between diet composition, obesity, and adult neurogenesis have been investigated. Among these factors, appetite-related mediators, including circulating hormones such as leptin, ghrelin, and the pro-inflammatory cytokine TNF-α are being examined to characterize their potential role in mediating neurogenic responses to macronutrients. In vitro and in vivo studies have demonstrated that leptin and ghrelin stimulate adult neurogenesis by activating receptors on newly generated neurons in the hippocampus, hypothalamus, and brainstem regions [259–261]. In addition, it has been shown that hippocampal neurogenesis is impaired in rodent models of diabetes [262]. Diabetes impairs hippocampal function through glucocorticoid-mediated effects on both new and mature neurons, and the impairment is reversed when elevated levels of circulating corticosterone are normalized. Neurogenesis in the SVZ appears to be mediated by insulin, glucocorticoids, and BDNF [263].
Neuroplasticity changes including neuronal activation, neurochemical phenotype, synaptic connections, and dendritic growth in the hypothalamus can be stimulated by dietary factors even in adulthood. This hypothalamic neurogenesis is proposed as a compensatory mechanism that regulates energy balance by replacing dead neurons [103]. Several factors, including a variety of metabolic signals known to change energy supply via nutrient-sensing and satiety, may be involved in hypothalamic neurogenesis.
It is well known that the extent of adult neurogenesis is significantly associated with age, and the numbers of NSCs in most adult neurogenic regions are reduced with age [264]. For example, the proliferation of NSCs or neuroblasts in the rodent SVZ is decreased by 50–70 % at 10–14 months of age [265–267], resulting in a >80 % decrease in the final number of newly produced neurons in the OB [266, 268]. Similarly, decreases in NSC proliferation and adult neurogenesis are also observed in the DG of 13 month old rodents [241]. On the other hand, the reduction in neurogenesis mainly occurs during 3–6 months of age in the SCZ [269], suggesting that the time-course of age-related changes in adult neurogenesis differs depending on the region of the brain.
Although it is clear that the extent of adult neurogenesis declines with age, this spontaneous reduction in NSC number is theoretically caused by multiple events, including PCD of precursors, reduced mitotic potential, and terminal differentiation. It appears that neural progenitors terminally differentiate into astrocytic cells in the DG [270]. In addition, age-related changes in the proliferating potential of NSCs (i.e., the transition from an active to a quiescent state) is also observed in the DG [270]; these are mediated by changes in the expression of cell cycle-related genes in NSCs [271, 272]. However, the contribution of PCD to NSC loss remains unclear, mainly due to technical difficulties in investigating this issue. In addition, adult neurogenic regions are in fact complex, and proliferating cells and differentiated cells are not well segregated spatially. As molecular markers for cell type identification are often downregulated during the early phase of PCD, the specific cell types that are actually degenerating in vivo are often not easily determined.
In contrast to the great deal of interest in neuronal cell death during the development and pathogenesis of neurological disorders in the CNS, relatively little is known about the molecular mechanisms of PCD underlying adult neurogenesis. Adult neurogenesis continues throughout life. However, the number of mature neurons that become functional is several orders less than the number of proliferating neural precursors. Furthermore, in spite of continuous neurogenesis, the volumes of the SVZ and DG remain constant during adulthood. This means that there are cellular mechanisms working to eliminate the substantial fraction of proliferating or newborn cells and maintain the appropriate cell number in neurogenic regions.
Several critical questions need to be answered to understand the biological principles regulating this intricate balance between neurogenesis and the maintenance of total cell number in neurogenic regions. One key question is what molecular mechanism(s) is/are responsible for turnover of NSCs during adult neurogenesis. Histological and stereological studies in several genetic animal models targeting cell death molecules have suggested that the apoptotic pathways involved in neurogenesis are just beginning to be identified. However, more detailed knowledge of the molecular pathways regulating PCD of NSCs is needed for improved therapeutic design aimed at stem cell therapy. In addition, lack of knowledge of the complex interrelation between apoptosis and other non-apoptotic cell death mechanisms could be a hurdle to harnessing the possible therapeutic potential in adult neurogenesis.
Second, it remains unknown how neurogenesis is linked to the PCD-mediated elimination of “extra” new neurons. It is interesting to hypothesize that NSCs incapable of going through the destined developmental program would be doomed to removal by PCD. If this is the case, then what could the molecular trigger be for the initiation of PCD in such NSCs? Do we need a theoretical model, similar to the “neurotrophic theory”, to explain the molecular events behind PCD in adult neurogenesis?
Whether differences exist in molecular mechanisms of PCD between embryonic and adult neurogenesis stages or between basal on-going PCD and PCD associated with pathological conditions during adult neurogenesis are intriguing questions. Another key question is whether each developmental stage of neurogenesis will require distinct cell death machinery and regulatory programs. For example, it is not known whether quiescent NSCs (e.g., type B progenitors in the SVG) undergo PCD. If so, it has never been asked whether there are mechanistic differences between cell death in quiescent NSCs and in the proliferating populations of NSCs. The developmental stage at which cell death occurs, and whether cells may have different propensities to undergo specific PCD programs depending on their developmental stage, will be very challenging to elucidate. To address these questions, we will need extensive comparative analyses of cell death at each developmental stage of the entire process of neurogenesis.
Finally, clinical application would be feasible if we can further elucidate the mechanism of PCD during adult neurogenesis. Because many studies have not directly measured the PCD of endogenous cells in vivo upon transplantation, potential hazards or benefits cannot be fully predicted. An understanding of the molecular mechanism underlying PCD during adult neurogenesis, which will contribute to enhancing the survival and differentiation of endogenous NSCs, will advance the clinical applications of NSC therapy.
Ethics approval and consent to participate, consent for publication, and availability of data and material are not applicable to this study.
This work was supported by grants from the National Research Foundation to W. Sun (NRF 2012M3A9C604993 and NRF-2011-0019212), S.-W. Yu (NRF 2012M3A9C6049935) and E.-K. Kim (NRF 2013M3C7A1056099) and by a grant from the DGIST Convergence Science Center Program (16-BD-04) of the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning of Korea to S.-W. Yu and E.-K. Kim. The funding agencies did not play a role in the design of the study, collection, analysis and interpretation of data, and in writing the manuscript.
JRR, CJH, JYK, EKK, WS and SWY analyzed the published studies and wrote the draft. WS and SWY edited and wrote the manuscript. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
Lledo PM, Saghatelyan A. Integrating new neurons into the adult olfactory bulb: joining the network, life-death decisions, and the effects of sensory experience. Trends Neurosci. 2005;28:248–54.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
Snider WD. Functions of the neurotrophins during nervous system development: what the knockouts are teaching us. Cell. 1994;77:627–38.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
Lee J, Duan W, Mattson MP. Evidence that brain-derived neurotrophic factor is required for basal neurogenesis and mediates, in part, the enhancement of neurogenesis by dietary restriction in the hippocampus of adult mice. J Neurochem. 2002;82:1367–75.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
Nguyen N, Lee SB, Lee YS, Lee KH, Ahn JY. Neuroprotection by NGF and BDNF against neurotoxin-exerted apoptotic death in neural stem cells are mediated through Trk receptors, activating PI3-kinase and MAPK pathways. Neurochem Res. 2009;34:942–51.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
Corotto FS, Henegar JR, Maruniak JA. Odor deprivation leads to reduced neurogenesis and reduced neuronal survival in the olfactory bulb of the adult mouse. Neuroscience. 1994;61:739–44.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
Cameron HA, Gould E. Adult neurogenesis is regulated by adrenal steroids in the dentate gyrus. Neuroscience. 1994;61:203–9.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
Rao MS, Hattiangady B, Shetty AK. The window and mechanisms of major age-related decline in the production of new neurons within the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus. Aging Cell. 2006;5:545–58.PubMedView ArticleGoogle Scholar
First the good news: It's now possible to make an animated feature film by yourself without losing your shirt. In fact it has been for some time now, as Bill Plympton could tell you.
Bill has been joined by Nina Paley and Paul and Sandra Fierlinger. Each artist works in a different medium; Plympton draws on paper, the Fierlingers draw on the computer, and Paley is a master of Flash animation.
The films are doing well. Bill Plympton's IDIOTS AND ANGELS, which I feel is the best of his features, is playing in roadshow engagements. Nina Paley's SITA SINGS THE BLUES is getting rave reviews and is doing well in theatrical and digital distribution. The Fierlinger's MY DOG TULIP, though only in 'platform' release, is also getting good press.
The big-budget-by-European-standards THE ILLUSIONIST by Sylvain Chomet is nearly certain to have an Oscar nomination this year, as Tomm Moore's THE SECRET OF KELLS did last year.
All in all, this is a good thing, and I hope that more artists join the ranks of independent feature/featurette producers in the coming year.
Of the big budget films out this year, I rate DreamWorks' HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON highest. I enjoyed it immensely, it was beautifully directed and designed, the dragons were fantastic, and if the world was just, it would be nominated for best cinematography along with the live action pictures. I haven't seen chiaroscuro like that since PINOCCHIO. It's also the only 3D film I've seen that really used that medium well.
Will the modestly budgeted indie features indicate a new direction to the big producers? A film's quality doesn't necessarily correspond to its cost. Animated features with overblown budgets fail at the boxoffice not because they aren't popular, but because they don't make enough to cover their negative cost (which if you don't know, is double the production cost.) Some are grotesquely overproduced. Lower budgeted productions with good stories and interesting design would entertain audiences and make a good profit--IF the right people were in charge. The example of the independent animators can help the lions of animation as well as the mice.
I find myself liking the low budget indie efforts more and more (live action and animated) and can barely sit through the 1/2 billion dollar Hollywood blockbusters. Most of the latter is just spectacularly photographed crap. I've heard a lot of good stuff about "How to Train Your Dragon" and I've always liked the design work by Chris Sanders.
I completely agree that indie animation is becoming the next big successful thing, and I have to say that it's not just animation, but film and gaming as well. Just look at minecraft, a game done in javascript by one guy for about a year and a half- now a huge success with over a million copies sold.
As a flash animator myself, it's easy to see how powerful a tool the internet is for promoting independent projects, as flash games and shorts have become a major aspect of entertainment on the web. I personally use Newgrounds.com to host my short films and projects, and I'm seeing it as the easier alternative to offline promotion. It seems that the big shots of entertainment are being swallowed up in the success of the little projects.
PS: I'm a student in the Etobicoke school of the arts film program, and we're all really excited about you coming in to talk to us! Thanks for your time.
Hey Brett, HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON is the best of the big budget features this year, though DESPICABLE ME is also fun. DRAGON has the wonderful dragons of course...but I also thought it was the best 3D movie I'd seen...it really made me feel I was in a Viking Great Hall watching the characters. There were some problems with the climax of the film, but otherwise, it was very good. And it should be nominated for Best Cinematography...it has great lighting and staging.
Hi Nancy, I just listened to your interview on the Man v Art podcast. Inspirational stuff! I've been itching to make more short films since getting a day job in an animation studio and listening to you lovingly talk about shorts was like a big poke in the ribs. So thanks for that!
While I admire independent filmmakers, their efforts often go unrewarded. It's just too difficult to make any real money without access to a solid market.
My partners and I have struggled for years, and we've found that making the film is usually the easiest part of the process. Funding, marketing and distribution is often a nightmare.
All magazines are mailed in sealed white or manila envelopes that don't mention the magazine title and have a return address of BBI Media. If you are a new subscriber please do not confuse our envelope for a un-requested catalog, it would be easy to given it's looks. Subscriber copies mailed directly from our printer are mailed in an extra tough poly-bag with a generic looking paper wrapper to protect your privacy.
All subscriptions include free delivery. Your magazine will usually reach you with in 2-weeks of the publication date either in the U.S. or internationally.
Current issues of the original printing of our magazines have FREE delivery in the U.S. with a vary small upcharge for international delivery. Buy the current issues while you can!
Domestic (U.S.) orders over $20 ship FREE! A small mailing fee of $2.95 is applied when the order total is less than this amount.
International orders have a flat rate charge in step with the number flat boxes needed for shipping:
Canadian shipping on back issues starts at $5 and then $12 for each $30 in product/back issue order total. Current issues ship for $2.
Shipping on back issues to Europe, Australia, New Zealand and elsewhere starts at $9 and then $15 for each $30 in product/back issue order total. Current issues ship for $3.
Like BBQ.com on Facebook Follow BBQ.com on Twitter Visit BBQ.com's YouTube channel Follow BBQ.com on Pinterest +1 BBQ.com on Google+
Durable, Marquise accented & powder coated stainless steel panels in Tin Roof signature color finish
You are now subscribed to receive our newsletters and special offers straight to your inbox at the email address you provided, . You will receive an email with instructions to edit and update your subscription preferences.
This brand new four and a half star bed and breakfast in beautiful Forresters Beach offers you 3 stylish and modern
suites, each with the privacy of your own deck and luxury spa. These large rooms are equipped with all the comforts to ensure your ... More Info...
BBtravel.com is a bed and breakfast travel guide offering a vast selection of quality bed and breakfasts accommodations all around
the world. One of the largest sites of its kind, BBtravel provides the most convenient way to locate that special
Selecting health insurance is often one of the most important decisions you will make. Health maintenance organizations (HMOs) and preferred provider organizations (PPOs) are types of managed health-care plans and can cost much less than comprehensive individual policies.
Through the use of managed care, HMOs and PPOs are able to reduce the costs of hospitals and physicians. Managed care is a set of incentives and disincentives for physicians to limit what the HMOs and PPOs consider unnecessary tests and procedures. Managed care generally requires the consent of a primary-care physician before a patient can see a specialist.
An HMO provides comprehensive health-care services to the insured for a fixed periodic payment. There may also be a nominal fee paid for each visit to a health-care provider. Unlike traditional insurance, HMOs actually provide the health care rather than just making payments to health-care providers. HMOs can have a variety of relationships with hospitals and physicians. Plan physicians may be salaried employees, members of an independent multi-specialty group, part of a network of independent multi-specialty groups, or part of an individual practice association.
Because HMOs integrate health-care providers with insurance, they are able to provide improved health-care delivery. This unique relationship often allows HMOs to maintain a lower cost of service from plan providers. Because the HMO is both a provider and an insurer, this allows for lower administrative costs and paperwork for the patient.
HMOs also try to reduce costs by providing preventive care. Because visits to primary-care physicians are inexpensive for patients, the chance of early detection and care increases.
Preferred provider organizations have also contracted with hospitals and physicians to provide health-care services. Unlike the case with an HMO, you do not have to go to these physicians. However, you will pay more if you go outside the list of preferred providers. PPO plans usually have a deductible, which is the amount that the insured must pay before the PPO begins to pay. When the PPO plan does start to pay, it will usually pay a percentage of the bill and you have to pay the remainder, which is called “coinsurance.” Most plans have an out-of-pocket maximum. This helps protect you from paying more than a certain amount per year. After you exceed the out-of-pocket maximum, the coinsurance percentage paid by the PPO increases to 100%.
The out-of-pocket maximum, deductible, and coinsurance will each affect the cost of the PPO insurance coverage. You can help lower your premiums by having as high a deductible as you can afford to pay.
Securities and advisory services offered by Scott Abrahamson and Patrick Culligan, in states where licensed, through KMS Financial Services, Inc., Member FINRA/SIPC and an SEC Registered Investment Advisor. This site is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or investment advisory services which may be referenced herein. We may only offer services in states in which we have been properly registered or are exempt from registration. Therefore some of the services mentioned may not be available in your state, and if not, the information is not intended for you.
Cardi B made history on Monday (July 2) when her J Balvin and Bad Bunny assisted single "I Like It" rose to No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The feat makes her the first female rapper to land two No. 1 singles, the first being her 2017 breakout track "Bodak Yellow."
To celebrate the momentous occasion, a very pregnant Cardi posted a video on Instagram of her twerking on the edge of what appears to be a hotel bed while yelling "NUMBER ONE!"
More celebrating will be in order soon enough, as Cardi's gearing up to give birth any day now. Since announcing her pregnancy in April, the Bronx-bred rapper has been very open about her daughter and what kind of mother she plans to be. The Kardashian matriarch Kris Jenner has even asked if she could be Cardi's midwife.
It was also recently revealed that the 25-year-old mother to be and her beau Offset secretly got married last September.
"There are so many moments that I share with the world and then there are moments that I want to keep for myself! Getting married was one of those moments! Our relationship was so new breaking up and making up and we had a lot of growing up to do but we was so in love we didn't want to lose each other," she wrote in a lengthy explanation on Twitter.
She continues, "I said I do, with no dress no make up and no ring! I appreciate and love my husband so much for still wanting for me to have that special moment that every girl dreams of when he got down on his knee and put a ring on my finger and he did that for me!!"
I don’t remember the first time I wrote my name. What I do remember is the first time someone else was called my name. I told him that was my name too, but he couldn’t believe it. He was a fat boy with a puffy face. He looked like a little boxer.
Yellow of a sunflower yellow of acid yellow piled on yellow of the yellowbacked book they arrested Oscar Wilde for carrying yellow in curdles glowing from inside and gushing onto everything around. Yellow of burnished gold. The very same yellow.
My wife looked so much brighter and more alive with her eyes open and looking back at me. I held onto her feet with my hands and she pushed her toes against them. She must have been smiling under that oxygen mask, but I didn’t know what to say to her, and she couldn’t talk again yet.
I got onto the hospital bed with her and pulled her upper body up until she was sitting up. I pulled her eyelids up with my thumb so that she would be able to open her eyes up again.
I whistled bird sounds, but she didn’t open her eyes up or put a pillow over her ears or turn her face away or roll over away from the light. My wife hadn’t shifted her body since she had been in that hospital bed.
They had most of her body covered up with sheets and blankets and she seemed to be too small to be my wife. Her head was propped up with a pillow and they had laid her hair out on it, but her hair looked too thin and too gray to be my wife’s hair.
We walked for over an hour, and a lot of it I was quiet, thinking how can I ever be happy again? At the house, where our hosts spoke to us in Italian, our room was cool and dark, the windows shut, only slits of light from the spaces in the closed wooden shutters.
I ran to the kitchen and took the butcher knife out of the drawer. I put it behind my back and ran back to the porch. The crowd had grown, and everybody was chanting, “Fight! Fight! Fight!”
Geeks To Go is a helpful hub, where thousands of volunteer geeks quickly serve friendly answers and support. Check out the forums and get free advice from the experts. Register now to gain access to all of our features, it's FREE and only takes one minute. Once registered and logged in, you will be able to create topics, post replies to existing threads, give reputation to your fellow members, get your own private messenger, post status updates, manage your profile and so much more.
ok I got six of these files running svchost.exe, no clue what it is, and I need someones help. One of the svchost.exe is using approximatley 22 000 K MEM usage. It just seems strange to have that many svchost.exe files running in the background when I'm not doing anything on my computer. Could some tell me what this programs is or what it does.
I got a bug problem it makes my monitor go right off and shows me a black screen and my monitor goes light goes orange when it should be green. So then I have to shutdown my computer by holding the power button more than 5 sec to turn it off. Then when I turned it back on it works again but then in maybe 20 minutes or in 5 minutes it could just go off again. So I don't know what this is. I've checked to see if it was an hardware problem but it isn't.
graduation announcements invitations for high school and college where to order best place online,where to order graduation invitations online best place can i buy,where can i order graduation invitations online cheap custom designs from pear tree to,where to order graduation invitations can i buy 3 best places for cheap announcements,where can i order graduation invitations top sites to make party online cheap,templates college graduation announcement wording from parents where can i order invitations buy online cheap,personalized medical school graduation invitations where can i order best place to online cheap,best place to order graduation invitations where can i templates kindergarten announcement also,graduation announcements invitations for high school and college best place to order where online can i,where can i buy graduation invitations designs lovely example of announcement for college with to order online.
S. financial institutions, having said that, prohibit the use of their playing cards for the goal of World wide web gambling, and tries by Americans to make use of bank cards at World-wide-web gambling web-sites are generally turned down.[10] Numerous Digital cash providers supply accounts with which online gambling can be funded. Authorized position
Sports activities betting sites are accredited in precisely the same way as online casinos. Gamblers can place bets on many hundreds of markets on sports activities as various as soccer/soccer, basketball, and ice hockey.
Guess now and revel in significant wins with our Reside lottery game titles which include Isin4D and Keno. Quickly payout and substantial profitable odds assured!
Engage in continues right until one of the players has performed all of the dominoes in his or her hand, calls "Out!", "I gain", or "Domino!" and wins the hand, or till all gamers are blocked and no lawful performs keep on being. This is usually known as locked down or sewed up. In a typical Variation of the game, the subsequent player once the block picks up all the dominoes within the bone yard like striving to locate a (nonexistent) match.
Maybe with a small night gentle illuminating the phase.’ Finty reported she was not organizing on asking for help from her mum Until ‘I appear up towards a little something I don’t know how to do’.
In the ultimate stage of our evaluate method, we carefully score the online On line casino on the above criteria after which write a detailed evaluate about our findings and score specific sections of every casino. We then put them on our web page in a list and display both equally the positive and unfavorable points on Just about every evaluation in conjunction with essential data You will need to website find out.
Online poker tables commonly supply Texas hold 'em, Omaha, Seven-card stud, razz, HORSE and various recreation types in each Match and Hard cash match structures. Gamers Engage in in opposition to one another rather then the "home", with the card place creating its funds by "rake" and through Event costs. Casinos
Within a attract match (blocking or scoring), players are additionally permitted to draw as several tiles as wanted in the stock just before taking part in a tile, and they're not allowed to pass before the stock is (almost) empty.
Several varieties of online gambling are authorized and regulated in several nations, including some provinces in Canada, most users of the eu Union and several nations in and throughout the Caribbean Sea. Online gambling marketplace studies
We know the way important it is actually to only Participate in at the ideal online gambling internet sites and casinos on the market. That's why We have now a demanding set of conditions that every US web site must meet before we propose them to our visitors. Together the way, we have stumbled throughout a couple of lousy eggs.
Horse wagering applying online approaches throughout condition strains is authorized in several states in The us. In 2006, the NTRA and numerous spiritual companies lobbied in aid of an act in Congress intended to Restrict online gambling. Some critics with the Monthly bill argued the exemption of horse racing wagering was an unfair loophole. In reaction, the NTRA responded which the exemption was "a recognition of current federal law", not a whole new improvement.
[1] Fashionable dominoes initially appeared in Italy during the 18th century, but how Chinese dominoes created into the modern sport is unfamiliar. Italian missionaries in China could possibly have introduced the game to Europe.[2]
Okay so Permit this be described as a lesson to us to understand and train our kids about their country of origin...#Jamaica #helpusjesus #blackhistory #comedienne #judilove #forgiveabrother #helphimout #weforgiveyou...
I was able to get together with other DC-area (and beyond!) Papertrey Ink fans for fun and crafting at Cheryl's house. It was a blast!
Below is the gorgeous bag that Jenn made to house her white elephant gift. I was the lucky reciepent--isn't that stamping amazing!! I had to share, it's just so pretty!
It's my turn to host the next Card Caravan Challenge . Since today is both my mom and my brother's birthday, I decided on the theme "two".
For my "two" project, I made two similar cards. They use gorgeous digital paper from Sugarplum Paperie's Comfort and Joy .
I cut the papers, inked the edges and stitched them together in blocks. I couldn't bring myself to cover any of the front, so the sentiments are added on the inside.
After die cutting all my card fronts from this post , I had a bunch of words cut out. So this card was born.
Super simple and easy. I popped up the words with foam tape, tied a little twine bow and added some Pure Poppy buttons.
This one uses Bells and Boughs from PTI for the focal image and sentiment. I created the embossed background by stamping an image from Waltzingmouse Stamp's Faux Fun and heat embossed it with gold glittery powder.
Wife and mommy of two little ones who loves to paper craft in my spare time. I sell my handmade goods in my Etsy shop, http://melissaspaperie.etsy.com. Please contact me and I would love to custom design a project to fit your occasion! Email me
Hypertrichosis is marked by an excess of hair progress on the human body, mostly resulting from an endocrine dysfunction. Hirsutism However, final results from a rise in levels of androgen.
Devi, the worried mother, required her very little family members for getting remedy making sure that they could all return to a normal daily life. With hypertrichosis, persons dealt with the children differently, teasing them regarding their overall look.
In combination with Ovid, other Roman writers also stated lycanthropy. Virgil wrote of human beings transforming into wolves.[10] Pliny the Elder relates two tales of lycanthropy. Quoting Euanthes,[11][twelve] he mentions a man who hung his dresses on an ash tree and swam across an Arcadian lake, reworking him into a wolf.
I'd personally take care of ANY cat because they needed!! ♥♥♥ In terms of the pink coloring, given that it’s pet Risk-free, I don’t mind (although not necessary for a cat being stunning!), and as for your lion cut, I get this completed to my Maine Coon blend twice per year because she is a huge Female and cannot keep her butt effectively cleaned without the cut! ♥♥♥
A prosperous ablation of an additional link can forever take care of the many signs of Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome, including the threat of sudden death. Eventually, in some circumstances, eradication of the additional connection is not possible to complete safely and securely or not ideal via the affected person. Remedies can then be prescribed to aid reduce the frequency of quick coronary heart fee episodes. Of Take note, the extra connection in the guts can be located over the still left side of the center (variety B) or on the right aspect of the center (variety A).
Wolf-Hirschhorn is actually a unusual genetic ailment that the infant will get when part of chromosome four is deleted. It comes about when cells divide abnormally during replica.
Whole genome SNP arrays over a father and son with Ambras syndrome unveiled a 1½-million-foundation-prolonged duplicated extend of DNA involving Sox9
Several references to Gentlemen shifting into wolves are found in Ancient Greek literature and get more info mythology. Herodotus, in his Histories,[seven] wrote that the Neuri, a tribe he locations towards the north-east of Scythia, have been all remodeled into wolves the moment annually for many days, after which modified again for their human condition. In the next century BC, the Greek geographer Pausanias similar the Tale of Lycaon, who was reworked into a wolf due to the fact he had ritually murdered a kid.
Xue Zhang, a professor of clinical genetics for the Peking Union Professional medical Faculty, examined The person and his spouse and children and located an additional chunk of genes over the X chromosome.
As in all things scientific, and Regardless of the evolution of genetics into a clinical science, the greater we understand, the more we recognize we do not yet know.
From time to time your health care provider can locate the Bodily signs of Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome with plan ultrasounds for the duration of your 1st trimester of pregnancy.
Lori is TSW's editor. Freelance writer and editor for more than seventeen a long time, she loves to browse and enjoys fringe science and conspiracy idea.
But Imagine if it were not The sunshine of the moon but fairly genetics that gave the werewolves of legend everything hair? The powers, even though, continue to be the stuff of fantasy.
In women with too much progress of downy hairs about the deal with or extremities, pulling out the hairs, shaving, or applying greasy creams or depilatories might cause considerable thickening with the hairs, which grow to be coarse and stiff and begin to increase more info faster than normal. An application of a 10-fifteen per cent Option of hydrogen peroxide can make the hairs colorless and less recognizable but isn't going to curtail their advancement.
UK three piece DREAM WIFE were our pick of this year’s Great Escape, performing with an irresistible kinetic energy and brimming with charisma.
Rakel Mjöll (lead vocals), Alice Go (guitar and vocals) and Bella Podpadec (bass and vocals) met at Brighton Art School and were formed as a performance art project. Oozing girl power, their music juxtaposes simple pop hooks, cutting riffs and screamy-dreamy vocals, nodding to Yeah Yeah Yeahs and Blondie, but in a far grittier and contemporary way. With singles ‘Somebody’, ‘Fire’ and ‘FUU’ (work it out), Dream Wife promise to be one of the most fierce - and most fun - artists on the tour. Joining the band on the tour will be These New South Whales with local support from Moaning Lisa (Syd) and Press Club (Melb)
Laneway Presents, is the touring arm of St. Jerome’s Laneway Festival. It promotes select Laneway Festival sideshows along with some of the world's most dynamic emerging and established artists - year round.
Built on the same philosophy that has helped make the festival a success, Laneway Presents showcases what's fresh for genuine lovers of music.
Business Partner is a new, eight-level business English course that teaches real-world language and business skills.
Talk about yourself in 5 to 10 lines max: For example (without obligation): Age - number of years of lacemaking - the types of lace you make (Bucks – Needle lace – Blond lace - Cluny - frivolity - etc.) You teach lace - you organize or participate in exhibitions - you have a workshop - you are a collector - (But be brief!) …
Required photos with very good resolution (*) 1 or 2 or 3 of your best work with lace, brief explanations of your work, and for example, the time spent and / or difficulties and / or type of thread.... And / or detail that you would like to highlight.
Origin of the model: (Name of the magazine or book with name of person who made the design and pricking): "It is important to acknowledge the author of the pattern ..." and if you have changed it in any way.
Remember that all this must fit on one page A4 (21cm X 29 cm) - a beautiful picture is worth a page of writing - I can adjust the photos so that everything fits on the page.
If you create models, I offer one (or two) more pages to publish a model of your design with the technical details needed to make it (type of lace - thread to use - Number of bobbins - ...) and a photo of the realization.
Limited space (between 100 and 150 lacemakers for "1001 lacemakers" Volume 2). The pages will be assigned in the order of arrival of this "contract" signed (the documents may be sent now, or before February 15th, 2018)
Michel Bouvot, the author, reserves the right to refuse any information or photograph deemed not in accordance with the spirit of this book, or too large, or arriving late, or insufficient size to be printed or reduce the text content exceeding 10 lines (Arial 11).
Your financial contribution to this project: You agree to buy three copies of the book upon its release (scheduled for mid - 2018): (16 € X 3 = 48 € + postage) (Price of a book in stock: € 16 and more : € 32 after) + postage in "Colissimo" rate for France (about 12 €) and sending "Books and Brochures" (about 15 €) for the rest of the world, if the books must be sent. The payment will be made between January and March 2018. You can also order more than 3 books, price of 16 € each by March 2018 (€ more than 32 € thereafter) - I remain at your disposal for further information.
Please, if you are interest to be in the new book (1001 dentellières tome 2) contact me by email : bouvot@libertysurf.fr
Created by Lorelei Halley Administrator Jan 19, 2012 at 7:07pm. Last updated by Lorelei Halley Administrator Dec 9, 2014.
Created by Lorelei Halley Administrator Jan 19, 2012 at 7:29pm. Last updated by Lorelei Halley Administrator Sep 2, 2014.
Created by Lorelei Halley Administrator Mar 7, 2013 at 4:47pm. Last updated by Lorelei Halley Administrator Mar 7, 2013.
Created by Lorelei Halley Administrator Jan 19, 2012 at 6:58pm. Last updated by Lorelei Halley Administrator Dec 20, 2012.
Created by Tatman Jan 25, 2012 at 3:26pm. Last updated by Lorelei Halley Administrator Jan 25, 2012.
In today’s society it seems everyone is chasing the next big thing, especially in fashion. Whether it’s the new Jordan’s, Prada slippers, or Juicy Couture, everyone wants a piece of top products. That’s fine, but what about those with a weird sense of style? In other words, the person marching to the beat of their own drum while straying from the normal fashion market. Have no fear because Wonderfully Weird-Extreme has returned. The weekly blog posting will feature various fashion items considered odd by the masses.
This week’s post focuses on exotic fashions ranging from shoes to handbags. Enjoy!! Click link below!
Source: The Return of Wonderfully Weird-Extreme Edition by Kanarian Kindred! (Oct. 2015) | LA-Story.com
I liked the shape of the calorimetry but really wanted it more just for wearing on my head to cover my hair not to keep my heat in my head, and thought it would be really nice in a lace, so this is what I came up with.
***UPDATED ON 5/10/2009******** Sorry guys that it took me so long to fix this. I have been busy. I think I figured out what the problem is. The stitch pattern called for those K1's and P1's but because I had the edge before the markers I ommitted them, but when I wrote up the pattern I forgot that part. So now you should start with 74 on row 3 you will knit 4 before starting the pattern and 70 is divisible by two. If you have anymore problems email me and I will see to them when I get back from Guyana.
Row 5: Remove marker, Slip 1, K3, Place Marker, *yo, slip 1 wyib, K1, psso* repeat from * to * to 1 stitch before marker, K1. Turn
Repeat rows 5&6 5 more times (10 more rows total) You can continue in the same manner for a wider head band or stop and reverse early for a narrower one. End after a row 6.
Row 7: Slip 1, *yo, slip 1 wyib, K1, psso* repeat from * to * to 1 stitch before marker, K1. Remove marker, K4, Place Marker. Turn.
Make one for yourself or a friend but please don't sell them. If you want to share the pattern share the link and not the pattern itself. Happy Knitting!
This is perfection! The shape of this headband is so flatering and it appears to be more comfortable than your normal headband in the summer heat. In California I could probably wear this all winter as well. Have you thought of selling some of your creations on Ebay? Especially if you already have a yarn stash, it may be a way to earn a little extra cash.
Your talent is a gift from God! I love this headband but I unfortunately live with Alopecia Areata. Im not a big fan of wigs so light weight hats and headcovers are my thing. I think this pattern would be awesome as a snood but I'm clueless as to how to finish it off and keep it secure on my head. Any suggestions?
I love this! I got the yarn for calorimetry but I haven't knitted it yet because I was hoping to find a more flattering variation. This lace pattern looks like just the thing! Thanks!
I'm a beginner knitter and I don't think I fully understand placing markers and turning, because of the 76 stitches I started with I only have 22 on my needle now. I'm not sure what i've done wrong, but I'll keep trying. This is such a cute headband!
Yay!! I did it! This is a great pattern and I can't wait to try again!! The yarn I had was pretty heavy and the needles were a little small, but the end result was great. Good for when its a little chillier out. Thank you!
Okay, I LOVE this pattern. However, I've restarted it several times, and I always have the same problem. At the end of row 3, instead of only having 2 stitches left, I have three. So, what I did, was do an extra K1, and that seemed to be okay until I got past the halfway point, ans was beginning to move the markers out again. Then the lace pattern becomes misaligned, as I have an odd number of stitches between the markers. I'm sure I'm missing something totally obvious, but could someone help me figure out what it is?
Mindy, the very same thing happened to me. I hope Kody May will take a look at it, because I really would like to make this. Here's how I figure it: You have 74 sts cast on. In row 3, you do 5 stitches before you start the *'s. So we have 74-5= 69 stitches. At the end of row 3, we don't do the last 2 stitches, so 69-2=67. Then we have the sets of 2 sts between the *'s. Sixty-seven isn't divisible by 2 for the sets of 2 stitches, so Houston, we got a problem.
After months of anticipation, I am pleased to announce that I have finished writing and revising my novel, and I am ready to start shopping for a publisher!! I am going to start sending off query letters today. I'm posting my query here for your consideration as well. If you were a publishing agent, would this make you want to read my book??
I suspect that we never truly see ourselves. We grossly undervalue our own qualities as we compare our own weakest traits to the strongest traits of our friends and acquaintances. Hello, My Name is Alaina is a 70,830-word novel about one amazing young lady who simply cannot see how terrific she is.
Alaina Andersen is beautiful, smart and funny. She is one of the most popular girls at Southbrook high school. When she looks in the mirror, however, all that she can see are her flaws. In her quest to be the perfect fairy tale princess, Alaina often feels more like a frog. She is certain that she will never be as popular as her best friend, Kendra, or as stunningly beautiful as her little sister, Andrea. Alaina is afraid that she might never be noticed. However, she knows that a frog can be magically transformed into a beautiful princess with the help of a True Love’s Kiss from the perfect Prince Charming. Shane Crawford has to be that prince. She knew it from the moment they met. What Alaina doesn’t realize is that kisses are only truly magical in fairy tales. In real life, the magic has to come from somewhere else.
I believe that Alaina's story is one that will resonate with a very large audience. After all, who among us hasn't looked into the funhouse mirror of our minds to come up with a distorted view of who we really are, failing to see the potential and great worth that is locked inside?
What do you think? Did I catch your attention? Are you anxiously waiting to read Alaina's story? (Will this be the next "Twilight"-like craze???) They say that the query letter is just as important in the publishing process as the actual story, so I really would appreciate any input you have to offer! Thanks everyone!
I was asked to write a profile on myself for our ward newsletter (for church). They wanted to use the Relief Society column to introduce me this month, since I am the newest member of the presidency, and as a new member to the ward, many people don't even know who I am. Have you ever tried to write an article about yourself? It's rough!! Of course, I didn't want to sound like I was bragging, but at the same time, I didn't want to sell myself short! After chatting with my Aunt for a few minutes (Thank you so much, Aunt Becky! You saved my sanity this morning!), this is what I came up with.....
Veronica Bartles is “supermom.” At least, she tries. Actually, Veronica was raised by Supermom and has made it her life’s goal to reach the same status as the amazing woman she gets to call Mom. As the second of eight children (four girls and four boys), Veronica had the benefit of being able to watch and learn from her own mother. In fact, Veronica’s mom made the job look so rewarding that Veronica decided as a very young child that she wanted to be A Mom when she grew up! Other dreams have come and gone, but the main dream, the dream of being a Mom, has always been the focus. With four amazing children of her own, Veronica is truly living her dream.
Veronica works hard to be “supermom.” She tries to do all of the things that a real Supermom does, even though she feels like she still has a long way to go. Veronica cooks and sews and scrapbooks. (She is still working on developing talents for cleaning and organizing and helping kids with homework.) Veronica makes jewelry and she is in the process of writing a novel that she hopes to publish within the next year. Veronica even built a bed for her daughter, and now she’s hoping to learn how to make some “real” furniture!
Still, if you were to ask Veronica about herself, she would generally tell you “I’m not very interesting.” Of course, she has a theory about that too. Veronica firmly believes that we never see our true selves. We only see a distorted picture of ourselves, as though through a funhouse mirror. It’s only when we look to others, when we allow them to reflect what they see, that we can appreciate the awesome qualities residing within us. That’s why she is extremely grateful for amazing friends and family, who act as her true mirror on a daily basis, and she is excited to find new opportunities to expand her circle of friends.
Veronica grew up in Wyoming, but she has spent the last seven years in Northern California, where her husband, Phil, was stationed with the Air Force. Although Phil was born in Pennsylvania and lived there until he was five, Veronica has never lived anywhere east of Wyoming before. Their children, Benjamin, Emily, Rebekah and Katherine, had never really experienced snow or cold until moving to Maryland, so this is a new and exciting adventure for the whole family!
Why is it that when I need it the most, it's the hardest to write in my journal or update my blog? I know that it's easier for me to sort out my confusing thoughts when I write it all down. I know that it's easier to get past my fears when I stop trying to hide from them. I know that my life is better when I take the time to take stock of my hopes and dreams. But I still avoid writing whenever I reach that point where I'm worried or scared or confused. That's when I go into hiding. I retreat into my own private little world of rainbows and bubbles, where everyone loves everyone else, where no one fights or quarrels, where people help and serve each other gladly, where no one suffers or feels pain, where even death is not a scary prospect.
I prefer my own little world. Nothing can get at me there. And it's so easy to retreat into the land of rainbows and bubbles! It's so much more fun to make chocolate chip cookies and cuddle up on the couch with a good book than to acknowledge difficulties and troubles. And really, that's not a bad thing. I'm glad that I have my own little world to escape to.
Most people who know me could tell you that I'm built a little bit backward. I love the fog and the rain. I get depressed on a bright, sunshiney summer day when there isn't a cloud in the sky. Maybe it's because it's so much easier to hide in the mists. Maybe it's because I don't really like to have to shine too much light on reality. I guess that sometimes I forget that you need the sun to make my beautiful rainbows, not just the rain. Maybe I need to embrace reality just a little bit more...
In my world of rainbows and bubbles, there is no sorrow, no pain. No one would ever willingly hurt another person, not physically, not spiritually, not mentally. In my magical world, there is no worry, no fear... And I can do anything that I set my mind to.
I don't like to step into the harsh light of reality, because then I have to admit that I am terrified. And maybe there are things that I really can't do... And I don't like that feeling.
For the past couple of weeks, since we arrived at our new home here in Maryland, I have been thinking about how blessed I am. I've thought a lot about all of the little things that we generally take for granted in our lives. For instance, we have 3 levels to our home. The T.V., the computer, the board games and the washing machine are all in the basement. All of the bedrooms are upstairs. (Of course, that leaves the kitchen, library and craft room all on the main level, but that's not the point.) This means that I have to go up and down 2 flights of steep steps several times a day - especially right now, as I try to unpack boxes and sort things into their proper places in our new home.
And I can do it! I can climb stairs. This is a major accomplishment for me, as it really wasn't long ago when I couldn't even stand up by myself. Less than 3 years ago, I had to completely relearn how to stand and to walk. And even 6 months ago, I couldn't go down the 3 steps in our house at Beale AFB without holding tight to the handrail. I can't even count the number of times when I fell down that tiny, little set of stairs. But now, I can do it with relative ease.
Of course, I hold tight to the handrails. And I don't try to climb or descend the steps wearing high heels (actually, I did try one time, and I almost fell, so I decided that it wasn't a good idea to try it again!) And I watch my feet to make sure that I'm not going to miss a step. I'm very careful about using stairs, because I know that I do have limitations. Stairs can be kind of scary when you can't feel one leg. But I have come so far! I have made so much progress! There is so much that I can do now that I couldn't do last year!
Because, just as I can keep track of my improvements, just as I can measure my progress, I can also very clearly see those areas where I haven't improved. When I start to notice how much better I've gotten at compensating for lack of feeling in my leg, I can't help but realize that I still haven't regained the sensation in that leg. When I think about how well I've been able to catch myself when I have dizzy spells or lose my balance, when I realize that I don't fall down as often as I used to, I have to admit that I still get dizzy and lose my balance just as frequently as I used to.
In my world of rainbows and bubbles, I can think about all of those improvements. I can focus on the fact that I haven't fallen down the stairs, I haven't broken anything, I haven't injured myself in months. These are all happy, upbeat, wonderful things to be grateful for. I like to concentrate on those things.
When I face reality, though, I have to admit the other side as well. Yes, I'm getting better at dealing with my issues. No, the issues aren't going away. I still can't feel my right leg or the fingers on my left hand. And I would probably have to relearn everything all over again if the feeling ever did come back! No, I don't fall over as often. I've gotten really good at catching myself again. But I still have my blackouts, my dizzy spells, my balance issues... and sometimes, that's still really scary.
When we moved here, I decided that I'm not going to have a brain tumor any more. In my own private world, anything can be the way that I need it to be. I decided that it would be much easier to deal with all of those annoying little things if I didn't have to worry about the way everyone else reacts. I'm tired of going to the doctor repeatedly, only to have them tell me that there's nothing they can do but watch it. I feel like I've wasted my day every time I go to these appointments. And I hate the way that people walk on eggshells and treat me like a fragile porcelain doll when they hear about my tumor. I know that I can't really just get rid of the tumor by saying that I don't have it anymore. (If only real life worked that way!) But I figure that, when there's nothing to do to make it better, there's really no reason to keep dwelling on it... and my hope is that I can manage to stop dwelling!
I've only been here for 2 weeks, but so far, I have managed to avoid the subject of medical issues. And it's so wonderfully refreshing to not have to worry about the way people will react! Of course, Phil still has to do all of his inprocessing at Ft. Meade... and I don't know if I'll have to start going to the doctor again... I have a feeling that, if I don't bring up the issue, I'll fall through the cracks. Before you know it, the military might even lose their record of my tumor. After all, it costs much less to not keep sending me to a team of various medical specialists!
This is truly a relief. The prospect of days, weeks even months without doctor's appointments is thrilling!
Sometimes, my bubbles burst, my rainbows fade, and I can't help wondering: What if? What if something happens that could have been prevented if I had just maintained my regular monthly checkups? What if I get worse? And just as scary: What if they don't forget about my tumor? What if I have to start once again scheduling my entire life around doctor's appointments? What if I never get to plan anything because every spare moment is taken up sitting in a waiting room???
Sometimes, when I'm having a particularly difficult day, when I'm dizzy and can't breathe, when I've blacked out a time or two, when I start to realize that I still feel the same way that I felt back in January of 2006, before my surgery... Sometimes, I get discouraged. Sometimes, I wonder if I will still be around to watch my children grow or to see my grandkids. And sometimes, that's scary.
Usually, I am able to remember that life on earth isn't really what it's all about. I have been eternally sealed to my family in the Temple of the Lord, and those bonds are stronger than death. Even if it's not my destiny to live a long life here on the earth, I can still be with my family for all of eternity. My children will always be my children. Phil is stuck with me forever :) This life on earth is just a part of the Lord's whole, big plan.
And my life has been a good one so far. I may not be the perfect mother... but who knows? Maybe I am :) At least, for my own children, I think that I'm probably the right choice. And when I look at my kids, I can see that they are going to be okay. Even if I'm not here to finish raising them, they'll be okay. They know the important things. They know what really matters. And I'm not going anywhere just yet, at any rate!
I guess that's what scares me the most, when I start squinting through the sunshine of reality. I'm not scared of dying, because I know that it will be okay. At times, I think about my death... not that I'm contemplating or planning for death... not that I want it to happen or anything... but sometimes, especially when I'm having one of those difficult health days, I realize that it could be closer than I want to admit. And when that thought occurs to me, I'm filled with a sense of peace and comfort. And for just a moment, I'm not afraid at all. And because I'm human, that lack of fear is sometimes the scariest thing of all... if that makes any sense!
Franklin Roosevelt said that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Well, I guess that just goes to prove that I really am built backward. I'm afraid of not being afraid! Still, I will continue to live my days within my rainbows and bubbles world, periodically peeking out into the sunshine for a warm dose of reality... and life will go on. Hopefully, for a long, long time.
As you know, 2015 was a a really difficult year for me. The holidays (from Halloween, clear 'til the New Year) were especially hard, a...
Princess Cassandra wants a pet frog, but she keeps kissing them goodnight. Soon, she has a castle full of princes, all proposing marriage, but Princes Aren't Pets!
For years, I offered to make cookies for all of the Mormon missionaries I met, as long as they wrote me a letter. The only requirements I have are that the letter has to be handwritten (not an email that is carbon copied to everyone in their mailing list), and it has to be about something good that they’ve learned or experienced on their missions. A moment when something difficult led to blessings, or an “Aha!” moment when they saw or heard something that gave them greater understanding into a concept they hadn’t understood before. Then, they just had to tell me what kind of cookie they wanted. Any kind at all. (A favorite cookie that Mom used to make, something new that they wanted to try, or even a brand-new custom flavor invented entirely for them.) But none of the missionaries thought I was really serious, and so no one took me up on the offer.
And I guess I get it. We live in a cynical world, where it’s easy to filter everything through the “what’s in it for me?” test. So why would someone offer to bake homemade cookies for people she barely knows?
Then, one day about three years ago, Elder Robert Calkins, a Mormon missionary in Albuquerque, New Mexico was at our house for dinner. I gave him my cookie promise, and my kids encouraged him to take me up on the offer. (If I’m making cookies for someone, after all, the kids get to eat some of the fresh-out-of-the-oven goodness.) He laughed. I’m pretty sure he didn’t think it would actually lead to anything. But he had a cool experience to share that he was excited about. So he pulled out a piece of paper, and right then and there, wrote a letter about something he had experienced a few days earlier.
“I don’t know what kind of cookies to ask for, though,” he said as he finished the letter. So my son suggested his favorite: one of my relatively new recipes, which I had created at the request of my good friend, Brenda Drake. Oatmeal Chocolate Chip with Red Chile.
When I gave him my reply letter and a batch of freshly-baked cookies a few days later, the other missionaries noticed.
“Wait. That works?!?” And suddenly, other missionaries were writing me letters about the amazing experiences and life-changing moments they had on their missions.
I’ve shared this recipe before, but since I’m dedicating this month to highlighting the good and wonderful things I see in the world, and the good and wonderful people who populate my little corner of it, I have to share again. Because this recipe is tied to so many of my favorite people that it never fails to make me smile when I make the cookies.
I think of Brenda, an amazing author, the creator of Pitch Wars, an inspiration and mentor to countless writers, and one of the all-around best people I know. These cookies wouldn’t even exist without her, because she was the one who challenged me to make the New Mexico version of oatmeal chocolate chip cookies in the first place.
I think of Robert Calkins, an amazing young man who trusted my word enough to try my promise, and reminded me (and several other missionaries who took me up on my promise because of his success) that sometimes we’re our own biggest roadblock in life. It’s so easy to talk ourselves out of things that we want, simply because we don’t trust that the blessings will be waiting for us at the end of our challenges. And while it’s a wise thing to remember that, when something seems too good to be true, it usually is … It’s also important to have faith in the goodness and promises of people we associate with. Sometimes, a little effort can bring very sweet rewards.
I think of my son, Ben, who is one of the most inspiring and amazing people I know. Ben has a talent for truly seeing people. He can pinpoint, often within minutes of meeting someone, the strengths and weaknesses of that person. And he generally uses this super power for good, reflecting back to each person their best qualities, and finding little ways to lift and help them through their weak moments. He’s one of my heroes, a true example of the unconditional, Christ-like love we all want in our lives, and I strive to emulate this behavior as much as I can. These are Ben’s favorite cookies, so they don’t stick around long at our house, when I make them. But I love making them, because they always make him smile.
And I think of another Mormon missionary I’ve come to know and love: Savanna Sanborn, who came into our lives and became something of a big sister for my daughters. When she totally cheated my system and cleverly requested not one but four original cookie recipes by asking me to create a representation of the various Harry Potter houses in cookie form, I had to cheat right back and repurpose one of my already-created recipes. These sweet, but a little bit spicy, cookies felt perfect for the challenge.
These are my Gryffindor cookies. A representation of the Harry Potter house that even people who have never read the books will recognize. The familiar flavors of the oatmeal chocolate chip are like the old friends you know and love, who you can count on to always be there for you when life gets you down. And the unexpected kick of the red chile represents the bravery and adventurousness of the house of Gryffindor. It takes a little bit of daring to bite into a cookie that might be spicier than you’re used to, but they are so worth the risk!
Chill dough for 30 minutes to 2 hours. (This step isn’t strictly necessary, but chilling the dough allows the butter to solidify slightly and gives the cookies a fluffier texture. If you’re too impatient and choose not to chill the dough, your cookies might come out fairly flat. They will also spread more as they bake, so make sure to leave extra room on the tray between cookies, so they won’t run together while baking.)
Using a 1-inch cookie scoop, portion the dough onto an ungreased cookie sheet (I like to line my cookie sheets with parchment paper for easy clean-up, but you shouldn’t need it for a non-stick cookie sheet).
Bake for 8-10 minutes, until bottom edges are slightly golden brown. Remove from cookie sheet and cool on a wire rack.
Winter - the time of warm hats, bulky down jackets and voluminous knitted sweaters, which hide the dignity of the figure and cause irritation in many female representatives. However, collections of winter casual wear from world designers contradict the standard beliefs and allow every woman to feel comfortable, warm and elegant.
This winter season will be in fashion dresses: comfortable and stylish, which will appeal to many fashionable women. As materials for creating dresses can be used: acrylic, velvet, Belarusian knitwear, cashmere or wool. Many models have a mixed composition, for example, knitwear plus wool or velvet plus cashmere. As for the style, elongated models are in fashion, as well as medium-length dresses that emphasize the figure and do not allow them to freeze. Batniki
The body shirt is characterized by a spectacular appearance and convenience, thanks to which such clothes are popular, both in business and casual style clothes. Batnik can be warmed.The insulation used is: - fur; - mohra; - bike; - fleece; - wool. This season in a fashion batch file with a wide cut that does not hold down movements and gives a feeling of comfort and freedom of movement.
Many business ladies do not represent their image without a strict costume. The fashion models of the winter 2016-2017 will be distinguished by a classic cut and discreet minimalism in the decoration. Belarusian costumes that combine the highest quality and practicality are very popular. In the business suits of this season there will be models with shortened trousers and jackets with three-quarter sleeves.
Winter pants are warm models with original trim. In the fashion will be narrowed models, as well as trousers-riding breeches. Warm leggings that are worn under cashmere or knit tunics of medium length are especially relevant this season. Skinny pants and leggings can be combined with elongated cardigans, tunics, body shirts and sweaters. Leather and suede models will be hereby the winter season. These pants look very original and spectacular and oblige the selection of not less spectacular top.
Clothing for the winter should be comfortable and beautiful. Do not give preference to cumbersome and shapeless styles at the expense of an attractive appearance: today there are a large number of stores that offer stylish and warm models of winter clothing. When choosing winter clothes, pay attention to the labels, which indicate the rules of care for the product. Some materials can not be washed in a typewriter, so pay attention to this when buying. It is not recommended to choose too tight clothes for the winter. First, it is inconvenient, and secondly, there are fabrics that tend to shrink (wool, for example) and the product may become small. Choose stylish and practical winter clothes and be irresistible at any time of the year!
The saddle bag is of well known 'star and octagon' design. The field is filled with many tribal design elements. The bag is complete with its original plain weave back, this is decorated with bands of weft work. The bag has been opened for display.
The saddle bag is in excellent condition with very slight even wear and full pile. There is some corrosion.
The ANTIQUE BALUCH SADDLE BAG, STAR AND OCTAGON DESIGN, COMPLETE WITH BACK CIRCA 1880. (2 OF A PAIR) has been added to your saved items.
Antique Kizyl Ayak Ersari Turkmen main carpet with the ‘tauk nuska’ ’ gul design; each segment of the gul contains two double headed birds.
The carpet has a rich red ground colour with some very nice blues and yellows. The boarder is a very well drawn example of the curled leaf design.
"Hi I m verry well educated woman studient. I m enjoyment company's very open minded have traveled all around the world I like to given and received pleasure. I m refined , elegant, very sensual end discret. You want meet caulling me. My pics is really"
Yes you can crochet bedspread too i like it. And sharing with you schemas it will make you busy long time :) Enjoy with your crochet.
It turned out very cute, bright and colorful! This blanket knitted for a little man, I really hope that the blanket you will like :) Crochet motif, outline, description
The practice of this flower is similar to that of the above flower, except for a layer of 5 flowers.1. The first layer of long-pin 3-pin2. The second layer of long-needle 5-pin3. The third layer long needle 7-pin4. The fourth floor long needle 10 nee
you can do knitting like this there isnt to much details but this pictures can help us.#wonderfull #pillow #cover #lets #do #it
I havent idea how this blanket knitted but i love it bcs wonderfull isn't it? if you know, how this blanket knitted please tell me .
It is nice idea for the use old jeans decorate your sweet home. I saw it an instagram account you can check there for get contact. Source: https://www.instagram.com/p/BeD9PdEHBDh
We have found a very nice lace pattern for you. You can do this by looking at the model picture.#Pattern
Cute colored little sheep crocheted in the amigurumi technique!They are woven in the bodoque point or porcorn and the low or half a point.Materials and accessories needed:* 2.50 mm crochet and of 3.00 mm.* brown wool for the legs and face (as for 4 m
This is my own design using cotton 8 doubled up and using a pre-edging tape for shoulder strap which is fastened by crocheting dc (sc) all the way round the bag along the tape edge back down the otherwise of the bag then working the opposite side of
It is realy nice lace for decorate your home, dinner table etc. I cant share tutorial or schema because this product selling in an instagram account. If you want get contact or buy visit this source: https://www.instagram.com/sirindantelim#lace #deco
Today we have added a very nice baby crochet for you. Unfortunately, there is no information to make this beautiful baby.
The picture lines attached below show various stitching stitch techniques. I hope that those interested in the topic will be of assistance.Similar ideas are found here!
Are you trying to find good looking women in grain valley for dating and hookups whether you want black, white, older, younger, big, or hot women dating ads online, we have it all bom is unlike any other date personals site in that it's fast to browse and provides a much more quality environment. Grain valley missouri, looking for someone to get to know and see where things go someone that is loyal, honest, genuine, affectionate and wants a relationship in the future i'm a single parent of a little b. Waterford ladies is an assisted living facility in blue springs, mo waterford ladies offers activities at their location for residents these activities generally allow residents to maintain healthy lifestyles by encouraging movement and socializing with their peers.
1000s of grain valley women dating personals signup free and start meeting local grain valley women on bookofmatchescom. We have lots more single women in grain valley, missouri, join now and start chatting with one of our single girls now we have christian women, republican ladies, democrat women, blondes, brunettes, red heads, and everything else. Meet grain valley single females for dating our matchmaking site offers local men and women great opportunity to find a soulmate join most beautiful girls from grain valley, missouri, united states. Matchcom continues to redefine the way single men and single women meet, flirt, date and fall in love, proving time and again that you can make love happen through online dating and that lasting relationships are possible.
Springfield, missouri single women, united states hi, i'm a 18 year old, i go to high school and college at the same time i spend my time listening to music and in my own world, i also write short stories/poetry. Meet christian singles in grain valley, missouri online & connect in the chat rooms dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single christians. We have lots more single women in grain valley, missouri, join now and start chatting with one of our single girls now we have christian women, republican ladies, democrat women, blondes, brunettes, red heads, and everything else find black women, white women, latina females, and asian women in grain valley mo.
Grain valley women meet grain valley single women through singles community, chat room and forum on our 100% free dating site browse personal ads of attractive grain valley girls searching flirt, romance, friendship and love. Single ladies, grain valley, missouri 22 likes 2 were here local business. Grain valley's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in grain valley with mingle2's grain valley dating services find a girlfriend or lover in grain valley, or just have fun flirting online with grain valley single girls mingle2 is full of hot grain valley girls waiting to hear from you sign up now.
Discover how easy it is to find women seeking dates in grain valley with mingle2's free grain valley dating service if you're tired of trying to meet grain valley women at bars and clubs, it's time to join the thousands of grain valley singles who are already online making dates and finding love in grain valley.
Zoosk is a bona fide star in the world of online dating sites, offering a fantastic experience for people who are looking to find a real love connection and get serious.
1 online dating has lost much of its stigma, and a majority of americans now say online dating is a good way to meet people when we first studied online dating habits in 2005, most americans had little exposure to online dating or to the people who used it, and they tended to view it as a subpar way of meeting people. Finally, when you do get into online dating, don't forget toi make time for it to get he best possible results, and of course, be on your best behavior how to make time for online dating when you.
The key thing is that it’s not online dating—it’s online meeting people followed by in-person dating i think the term “online dating” is part of the problem and makes people who don’t know much about it think it refers to people forming entire relationships online and only meeting in person much later.
With more and more people relying on online dating to meet a partner, the act of online dating also gets studied more and more here are 11 revelations from recent studies 1 81 percent of people. The now infamous infidelity dating site ashley madison, which was one of the most expensive, was also the lowest-scoring online dating service, with a score of 37 (a score of 100 indicates.
No other dating website has been responsible for more dates, relationships, and marriages than match not only that, but with over 135 million people visiting match every month from more than 25 countries, no other dating website has anywhere near the same reach. Online dating has grown in popularity to the point where there is almost no social stigma attached to it with an estimated 1,000 online dating sites in existence, however, it can be hard to sift.
Let's not get carried away here the opposition was woeful and I don't think we will be so fortunate in the next round.
This article provides a materials recovery of parts by welding combined with machining and plastic deformation.
Christmas Lights Lowes Ready to make your home merry and bright this season? Here's a few tips on how
Do not grasp the beautiful in art and an expression of genuine faith in Christ, but being able to see only the expression of faith in villas miseries, mean, at best, having an immature and childish faith, regardless of age dell'immaturo, it could be a boy of twenty years as a senior eighty.
As a Roman cat born on Salaria at the Catacombs of Priscilla, I was struck by the choice made by 'A.P.S.A [Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See] conceder of commercial spaces that are on the Italian territory close to the borders of the State of Vatican City, not coincidentally owned by the Holy See, as I will explain later, to avoid activities and services not in keeping with the sacredness of the place …
After the studies of metaphysical philosophy and after deepened the theological aspect of the animals in the mystery of creation I have focused on the link between Creator and creatures animals according to the account on flood of Genesis. I'm so finalizing the drafts of my study, from which will come my biblical essay, for which I was offered a presentation of Cardinal Gianfranco Ravasi, that after his "Dear Brothers Freemasons' published on The sun 24 Ore [cf. WHO], He has decided to write a preface to my work. His Eminence, he anticipated that the titled: "Dear Brothers Gattolici".
In Apart from my multifaceted training in the various ambits of knowledge, They are always sensitive to the history of my beloved city ​​Quirite, that gave me birth. And that my love for the City of Rome led me to various activities, both charitable both cultural. In terms of charity, I got to witness several times cats bums Largo Argentina, serving them hot meals with the feline section of the Society of St. Vincent de 'Paoli. On the cultural level, instead had a certain echo my keynote holding time ago to cats of the Colosseum, then in an essay published by the Libreria Editrice Vaticana, who now publishes around. In this Lectio I spoke on the theme "The value of martyrdom in Christianity of the first centuries". Many are in fact those who forget how many cats they have found the death in that arena, thrown to fairs to get them used to become familiar with the space, before throwing them women and Christian men.
The lady of the Cats, attributed to Leonardo da Vinci, but it operates in reality the Turin painter Cesare Tubino [see WHO]
In these times of Christianization, gattolici us nourish a special devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary of the Cats, Also known as La Madonna Gattara, which hands it to the Child Jesus a cat in her arms. Then there is our revered Pius Cat, He died in fame of holiness; feline dear to Pope Benedict XVI, another well-known gattaro, that of this mystical cat and miracle worker recognized the heroic virtues. The Supreme Pontiff, receiving a delegation gattolici, He said we could also worship him as a model gattolico, but specifying that is not provided, never will be, the canonization of a cat. But it, the Supreme Pontiff, He comforted us by telling us that while lacking an immortal human soul, when the end of time will the resurrection of the dead, probably we animals will be present in the new dimension of nature restored to its original perfection. In this regard he quoted the theologian pope during the audience granted to us gattolici Vatican gardens in the biblical passage that reads: "The wolf shall dwell with the lamb, the leopard shall lie down with the kid; the calf and the young lion shall browse together, with a little child shall lead them " [cf. Is 11,6].
when in 1929 the Lateran Pacts signed by the Kingdom of Italy and the Holy See ended the Roman question with little recognition of the State of Vatican City, They were demolished old buildings that formed the so-called spina. These buildings were located where today is the large street called not surprisingly della Conciliazione, precisely to remember the end of that question that began with the capture of Rome in September 1870 and the final fall of the Papal States [cf.video 3D su The plug Borgo, WHO].
many land who were around the Vatican Hill in Italian territory were the property of the Holy See. Today, on such land there are buildings of ten floors, some a few meters from the walls of Vatican City State. If many of those buildings had been avoided, the area would have been even more beautiful. Obviously just wondering: whom, time, He sold their weight in gold to those lands palazzinari of the Sixties ?
The majority of all stable which are located in Via della Conciliazione are the property of 'A.P.S.A, several of which also have the status of extra-territoriality according to international conventions, as home to various departments of the Holy See, which as we know are equivalent to those for States are the ministries buildings.
The ex Don Bosco Library, Elledici editions, Via della Conciliazione, now the headquarters of’ Hard Rock Café . See other libraries, WHO, among which the premises of the SCJ Books, library already closed for some years, Leading whose fund could be used as a playroom slot-machine …
From 1929 on, Via della Conciliazione and surrounding areas of the Vatican walls, commercial activities were mostly libraries and shops of religious articles, run by religious congregations or by lay Catholic societies. There were also some bars and restaurants in keeping the environment, always attracted religious pilgrims or visitors pushed anyway by religious reasons. All this in order to avoid stores or not convenient business to the area where the heart of the Catholic Church. This is the reason why the Holy See is guaranteed the good properties of the adjacent bottoms especially the Archbasilica Papale di San Pietro.
The library of the Salesians, Elledici, after several decades he has left the premises of Via della Conciliazione, and within this commercial fund property of 'A.P.S.A It was opened the’Hard Rock Café [cf. WHO, WHO]. And since this was not enough, a few meters from Porta Angelica, one of the two main entrances to the Vatican City, McDonalds opens. Before the opening of this fast-food which it is the negation of Italian cuisine recognized internationally not only as food but as a culture and as a Mediterranean diet, ready here is the justification for the Apostolic Charities that ensures: "They will serve free meals to bums» [cf. WHO].
That apostolic almonry today led by a Polish prelate who under Pope John Paul II and Benedict XVI was all a show of purplish clothes ironed artfully, worthy of its role as papal master of ceremonies, with necks of cassocks five centimeters high and so, Finally had the episcopal appointment under this pontificate that yearns a "poor Church for the poor", prior episcopal grace received papers is soon converted to clergyman scollacciati with short sleeves. Well, S. AND. Mons. Konrad Krajewski should know that in the Church, charity for the poor, does not arise suddenly after 13 March 2013. The Church has a long history of charity two thousand years, Rome in particular. In Rome, indeed, there were numerous institutes and institutions that for centuries have welcomed, nurtured and bandaged wounds to pilgrims, the care of which you are also dedicated some of our most celebrated saints, from San Filippo Blacks in San Felice da Cantalice.
However, what we see is the fact that one part, historical buildings and art of those who were convents, monasteries and religious institutes scattered around Rome, now empty because no vocations for decades, They have gradually changed from 2000 today in higher class hotels, while under Bernini's colonnade, in St. Peter's Square, in the very heart of Christianity, those that have been installed in Roman dialect are called pisciatòri.
Charity and the support that goes with it, the one that always gets in the Church even before the 13 March 2013, It requires also suitable places and spaces. That certain monumental spaces of great historical and artistic interest become dormitories and pisciatòri for the homeless, or places besieged by beggars of Roma ethnicity who molest pilgrims and visitors like flies on the meat of Algiers Casbah attacked left to dry hanging from the ceilings of shops, It is a profound lack of respect and a serious wound inflicted on all genuine and profound expressions of faith engraved in stone and ancient marbles of our works of art. nate works not only by human ingenuity, above all, faith, because even artists from pipelines often dissolute life, produced artistic and architectural heritage of the Church with genuine faith and devotion.
Fail to grasp in beauty and art an expression of genuine faith in Christ, but being able to see only the expression of faith in villas miseries, up to transform the surroundings of San Pietro in a middle ground between a pisciatòrio and a begging center, It means having an immature and childish faith, regardless of age dell'immaturo, it could be a boy of twenty years as a senior eighty. But above, Do this, denotes an intimate hatred, more or less unconscious, Rome and Roman. None of us, indeed, has no memory of ever having seen before has human excrement in Via della Conciliazione; nor you have the memory of having been forced to move in a zigzag pattern in Borgo Santo Spirito, to the left of Bernini's colonnade, with eyes on the ground, to avoid trampling human excrement [see photo shoot WHO].
At this point I would propose to change his name to Via della Conciliazione and titolarla in Santa Maria Maddalena, leaving stationed the whores under the streetlights of that road, because now, in the situation who has created around the Vatican walls, there are only fireflies. Wishing you could divide the street between whores and transsexuals, the first under the right lampposts, the seconds under those on the left.
Thus, Until next time Mass of the Lord's Supper, for the traditional washing of the feet the Supreme Pontiff may perform, lamppost after lamppost, the pious ritual that for some years has accustomed us [cf. WHO, WHO], making once again the joy of ultra secularist newspaper La Repubblica and all antichrists anti-Catholics who for four years go extolling: "New Church", "revolution", "Sea change" … Alberto Melloni who pontificates, Andrea Riccardi who gloats and Enzo Bianchi munificent gives heresies.
readers Roman does not remember that the term whore It is one of the words of the most poetic of the Roman, because it comes not from the spirit of offense, anything: It born from the tenderness of which should not be afraid. Tender were in fact the mothers of the old Trastevere when breastfeeding their infants singing: «stern, poppa fixed duty of mignotta». Use the word whore to indicate a prostitute, as I myself have done, What it is in itself improper. And here goes remembered that children left from centuries ago in the wheels of the monasteries and orphanages set up by the charity of the Holy Mother Church - which as I said was love even before 13 March 2013 - They were listed as The children's unknown. subsequently, foundling, in "neonatal centers", He was put on the wrist a little piece of cloth with the words son, mother unknown, later shortened to m. unknown, which ended up being bed mignotae. And here comes the term Roman, sweet and not at all offensive, of Fixed mignotta, that in no way means "son of a whore", but the son of unknown mother. Why, as they said the old Roman essays: «Down the fonno’ every Roman, if ever nasconne a large fijo de 'na bitch ».
I, for instance, Nun mystery of èsse 'Fixed na' na mignotta, ie unknown mother, because I have been abandoned as a child and soon saved from certain death under the wheels of cars of Via Salaria by a priest of Christ, who happened to pass that way with his collaborator. This is why, Every day, I recommend in my prayers, my priest at Our Lady of the Cats, so that the Mater Ecclesiae You can always keep watch over him, especially in this year 2017, which marks the centenary of the apparitions of Our Lady of Fatima, to which we turn to supplication, during the years of the sixteenth century Protestant schism heresiarch Martin Luther, these separated brethren can drop their serious mistakes and return to the bosom of the Church a, saint, Catholic and Apostolic.
one of the triumphal instrument to which for four years has accustomed the now-official organ of the Holy See, La Repubblica. Who wants to do interesting research, We may want to go and read what this newspaper of the left Radical chic He wrote in jeers and teasing on various Blessed Pope Paul VI, the Holy Father John Paul II and Pope Benedict XVI. And when he reads, it will have enough to say: "From certain laudatori God forbid it me! ».
They will house the homeless in churches and then you earn with five-star hotels owned by the Church property. Letter to the Minister of Cultural Heritage→
…the Vatican tenant is not holding very well the house… When will the Master, I will not be very happy…
That Eugenio Scalfari white-haired clown continues to offend the Supreme Pontiff, while the Holy See continues to remain silent, instead of denying
In verity I tell you: in front of that lady of Cardinal Gianfranco Ravasi, the italian stylist Donatella Versace is an authentic monument for male virility
The issue of Humanae Vitae is simple: fate l\'amore e fatelo bene. Who establishes new dogmas is worse than those dogmas places them into question and then deconstructs them
The theoretical basis of thomist synthesis. A criticism at the thought of Dominican philosopher and theologian Joseph Babu
What is happening to the Holy Father Francis? The reasons of a concern in a climate of unusual confusion
The question of the validity of ordinations today, and the problems of the fraternity of Saint Pius X
Cardinal Müller is "crazy proposals" on Amoris laetitia? No, proposed only one of those disputatio that are part of the history of theology that the director of the Seismograph, Luis Badilla, shows not to know
While the bishops beat up the sheep and interact with the wolf, the Holy Spirit blows in the People of God who will save the Church
the genderista and militant homosexual who exposed the pillory Father John Cavalcoli, Now fears legal action against Father Ariel S. Levi Gualdo. It is Simone ALLIVA, he is doing his master's in journalism at \"cattolicissima\" University Lumsa, with lots of \"borsa di studio al merito\" - (trilogy: Article No.. 2)
Regarding the false prophet Enzo Bianchi: "Disobey certain bishops is only right, except falling into Nazi justifications at the Nuremberg Trials »
If want to send Lesley-Anne an e-mail then send it with 'Lesley-Anne Down' as subject to Gea Vermeulen
For more information about joining the Lesley-Anne Down Fan Club, please visit the section of the website.
Here are some fun videos that I’d like to share. Keep checking back as I’ll be updating this page regularly. Enjoy!
A dramatic thriller where a a haunted teen endures a terrifying exorcism in the hopes of unlocking shocking secrets about the church and his family.
Angie works hard to run her uncle's events business while her cousin Candace takes the credit. When Angie takes a night off to have fun at the Chriistmasquerade Ball, the mask and gown allow her to let loose, and she quickly catches the eye of Nicholas, a wealthy local bachelor. But then Angie has to go before revealing her identity, leaving Nicholas searching for his mystery woman in this modern take on the classisc fairytale.
Lesley-Anne Down recalls her time of the set of Nomads in this new interview. Purchase Nomads on Blu-ray here.
Ronn Moss, Lesli Kay, Lesley-Anne Down and Joe Mascolo joined B&B producer Ron Weaver at Barnes & Noble to read excerpts from his new book, "Soul Mate" to a star studded audience. Here, Lesey-Anne gives backstory on one of the main characters.
These are throw together cookies, SO there's no exact measurements. This picture however gives you a rough idea. The majority should be Critical care ( or powdered pellets ) We also added Old Fashion Rolled oats ( helps bind, can be whole or you can grind it to a powder ), Some Calendula petals for flavor, Some Nettle, Some Chopped Oat Straw to help bind ( you can use the dusty bit that is normally found in the bottom of your hay bag in place of this, OR take your hay and blend it up well. The finer, the cleaner the cookie. Oh and we also used some Linden leaf. You can choose whatever you want to add to it. Crushed rose hips? Crushed rose petals? Hibiscus? Your choice!
You'll also need water. Pictured is water we used from another D.I.Y we have. When you boil wood, the water takes on some tastes and aromas from the wood, I make herbal wood, so I collected some water from my boiling pot ( about 1.5 cups ) to use in my cookies. In the water there was hibiscus, rose petals, and bee pollen... so this adds to my cookies. You can easily just use fresh plain water too.
Slowly add the water to your dry ingredients until a soft moist dough forms. About 1/2 a cup at a time. You may need more or less water depending on how much you make. You don't want it to be sticky... if it's sticky it will need more pellets/critical care. You should be able to form it, without it coating your hands.
This part is optional. I chose to place my dough between 2 sheets of parchment paper and roll it out to about 1/4" thickness. You can easily roll the dough up into little balls, then flatten on a sheet to make round cookies, but I wanted to make shapes! There's nothing extra special to making shapes, nothing added, you just need to be patient.
To make shapes: Choose your cookie cutter, and firmly press into the dough. Remove the dough around the cookie shapes, and use a spatula to gently lift the shapes and place them on a baking tray. Be careful not to ruin your hard work! Larger chunks of hay, pellets, or herbs can make this difficult. ​
Once your shapes are cut out, or cookies are formed, or whatever you chose to do... Preheat your oven to about 200* - 250* and place them inside. Check your cookies every 30 minutes, and flip them each time. This helps them dry easily.
If you don't dry them, they will not hold up, and can even mold. SO make sure to put pressure on the center. If it's cold, or squishes, that means they're not dry. They should be hard when dry. Half way through you can move them onto a rack and continue to bake, this lets the heat circulate better and dry them faster.
​Let your Chinchilla Sample the goods, and tell us how it worked out, or if you have a suggestion to make it even better!
Oh, and we suggest only giving a cookie about 2 times a week, and no other treats. These things are obviously LOADED. Store in a paper bag for air flow :)
Commenter N'oublie pas que les propos injurieux, racistes, etc. sont interdits par les conditions générales d'utilisation de Skyrock et que tu peux être identifié par ton adresse internet (54.162.166.76) si quelqu'un porte plainte.
Suggestions for writing a literature review for phd thesis writing the thesis literature review is often one of the more difficult parts of writing the entire thesis paper there is usually a large amount of time involved by the time you complete a literature search, read and analyze the literature you intend to use, and write up the review itself. In planning a literature review charlotte mathieson explained the purpose and scope of a literature review now, all you need to do is write one as this is easier said than done, here charlotte guides you through writing your review of literature, from first draft through to later revisions. In this post, i’m going to guide you through how to write a literature review on any topic from scratch, even if you haven’t read a single paper yet how to write a literature review from scratch 1 pick a topic it can be as broad as you like because this is just a starting point. How to start writing a literature review up vote-1 down vote favorite 2 i have 2 months where i should write the literature review for my phd thesis however, i don't know how to write one in general terms, what would be a good way to start the literature review for instance, how can i organize the reading and divide it in topics. The difference between literature review and background sections of a dissertation in contrast, a phd dissertation needs to contribute to research in some important way (even if the contribution is narrow or small) length of a master's thesis and its literature review 3.
How to write a phd literature review july 27, 2018 september 18, 2012 by james hayton in this post, i’m going to guide you through how to write a literature review on any topic from scratch, even if you haven’t read a single paper yet. Literature reviews in phd theses the literature review that you prepare in your first year of candidature is likely to feature in a chapter of your thesis - in revised and updated form the individual chapters of your thesis might require mini literature reviews as they shift in theme, focus or approach. The literature review may form one or more distinct chapters of the thesis it may also be part of the introductory chapter or be incorporated as background for a number of chapters how the review is incorporated generally depends on the field of study.
When to review the literature with small-scale writing projects, the literature review is likely to be done just once probably before the writing begins with longer projects such as a dissertation for a masters degree, and certainly with a phd, the literature review process will be more extended. Posts about literature review written by thesis whisperer and cassilyc the thesis whisperer 2015 by thesis whisperer | in getting things done, on writing | tagged literature review, literature reviews | 60 comments laura began her phd this year and really hit the ground running – within a few weeks, she was giving her supervisors.
A literature review can be one of the most terrifying parts of your thesis use these 3 tips to reduce your overwhelm and get your literature review done registration is now open.
But by then i knew that writing a literature review doesn’t have to be boring if you enjoy the process, your readers will thank you too 5 steps to your best literature review without all the drama step #1: focus on structure, then content, then style if you’re feeling overwhelmed by your literature review, take a deep breath. Give structure to your review: it is easier to give a literature review a proper structure if you have a format in front of you this will help in governing the flow of topic and from one paragraph or section to the other. A literature review is an account of what has been published on a given topic by accredited scholars and researchers effective and relevant literature review helps the researcher to enlarge knowledge on a given topic and apart from that gain and demonstrate skills in two key areas: getting information: the skill to.
In your review of literature you are expected to do the following: place one's original work in the context of existing literature interpret the major issues surrounding your topic. The thesis whisperer is dedicated to helping research students everywhere it is edited by dr inger mewburn, director of research training at the australian national university the thesis whisperer has contributors from around the world.
What is literature review in phd thesis what is literature review in phd thesis dec 15, 2017 literature review for phd thesis steps to follow while developing literature review for your thesis/dissertation: 1 find a topic: when you need to review literature for your dissertation or thesis, it is important to find a topic first.
The Pedodontics subject was previously clubbed with Orthodontics at the undergraduate level. In the dental college, the division of Ortho-Pedodontics was existing as a separate entity.
The Head of Pedodontics division was Dr. R.K. Roy. With the exhaustive effort of Dr. R. K. Roy, the Post graduate course in specialty of Pedodontics was started in 1967 with 4 students.
The faculty of Dental Sciences, in K.G's Medical College came into existence in 1981. With the inception of faculty, the separate department of Pedodontics was established.
Prof. Satish Chandra took over the charge of first Head of Department and continued for approximately 16 years. He published approx. 38 textbooks.
Prof J. N. Jaiswal has took over the charge on 1st Nov 1999, and continued as Head of Department upto September 2002.
The department is presently engaged to set up a "Dental home" for the pediatric population that provides regular "anticipatory guidance" for oral health maintenance under the supervision of expertise consultants.
Being in control of your life and having realistic expectations about your day-to-day challenges are the keys to stress management.
Rhinestone chain, ss18 size, 2-row crystal, silver plate, made in Czech Republic. (SKU# RHCZ7176/101S). Minimum order is 1 meter.
Essays for how to write a good hook for an essay about types of writing top class.how to write a hook for a compare and contrast essay We Generate Low-Plagiarized Essays – Definite! Get Tailor made created Training On line
The plunge from center high school to high school graduation is usually a stunning and distressing a particular. Most young people arent happy to make a real step. The fact is, all students learn that right after they go from mid university to school, theyre entirely bogged down. The modification in task challenges, work load and uniformity really can dump individuals away their match even when theyve been how to write a hook for explanatory essay right-A earners right before! To overcome the thorough tracks of high school graduation everyday living, MyCustomEssay.com is providing composing providers particularly catered to stressed high school graduation scholars.
At MyCustomEssay.com, our new college solution dept . is very well-furnished to handle almost any of your own secondary school essay problems. How are we so reassured of yourself? Its since weve been working day time in and day trip to get authors with very close, considerable experience with highschool essaywriting. Ponder over it: you do not desire a school essay article writer designing your project! Theyd involve text, techniques and concepts that you just shouldnt comprehend however; instructors would distinguish a falsehood quickly. Simultaneously you certainly do not want unskilled freelance writers coping with your jobs except if you want university how to write a hook for a college personal essay essays that appear to be just like a 15 years old composed them. No, you desire somebody perfect one who realizes just what exactly high school graduation instructors want. That is what MyCustomEssay.com has strived to realize using its senior high school essay producing division. We get freelance writers with expertise as university lecturers or are often informed about the style and necessities of secondary school essays how to write a hook for an argumentative essay about dark romanticism. Precisely what does this do for your needs? It makes certain that just about every project you obtain from my clients are in the precise excellent your really need!
If you are in school, youve obtained ample to bother with. Around athletics, groups, once high school routines, good friends and whatever else, youve almost certainly have a sufficient amount of or academics! Which has a school essay hiding near each spot, its your work to live crisp and clean, and remain onto your academics how to write a good hook for a historical analytical essay! MyCustomEssay.com can help you make that easy. With these experienced authors, very good levels and no cost changes, happen to be really not a superior choice were being a failsafe idea. And, there exists a 24/7 support services company that will help keep you updated on in-success duties whereas responding to all of the more inquiries. Have been pleasant, rapidly and wholly set to guide you with the highschool essays. If little else, were being a terrific once again-up solution if you ever ignore how to write good hook for an essay an task! So cease getting upset about college challenges; communicate with the polite system staff at MyCustomEssay.com and devote all of your time relishing school, not dreading it!
What is the greatest fright you encounter while you pay for an essay on line? For a lot of, it is the anxiety about reducing income that in some manner, theyve decreased victim into a terrible trick that is a aim is always to strip them of dollars and private data. This is the highly legitimate panic, and also a good valid reason to continually look at the program before buying. One more how to write a hook for a comparative essay fear and worry triggering some panic attacks for college kids contains the potential risk of benefiting from sub-standard essays. This is a real fright, and has gone fretting hand-in-fingers together with the thirdly rationale young people are concerned. Plagiarism.
Plagiarism essays undoubtedly are a widespread event amid deceitful creating how to write a hook sentence for a tragic hero essay suppliers. With the idea youll by no means observe, they make an effort to go from plagiarized information as reliable publishing. The harmless shopper are one which endures, specifically when your professors have plagiarism take a look at software program. Do you find yourself definitely planning to potential risk finished scholastic disgrace with plagiarized components? Not a way! You need to be definite plagiarism zero cost essays you get. This is just what MyCustomEssay.com assures. Not alone are our essays 100 % classic and well liked, but they also do not have locate of plagiarism whatsoever. We even operate our reports by using plagiarism examine packages in advance of we distribute them back doubly being sure how to write a hook for a grad school art essay that every decided to buy task life close to the requirements of plagiarism 100 % free essays. With good authors, safety measures alongside plagiarism slide-ups and totally free reimbursements if you happen to locate a plagiarism take note your self, theres nothing at all it is important to remove!
Do not enjoy life in panic. Enjoy life with full confidence and confidence, assuming during the excellent and integrity in our composing organization. Our plagiarism free of charge essays may have your how to write a hook for an apa essay levels skyrocketing and then your professors smiling without suspicion which you didnt write down them! To secure your own self versus plagiarizers, use MyCustomEssay.com, the place we hardly ever condone this sort of low priced practices.
Daily schoolwork is difficult. Not merely do you find yourself caught up by long term essay projects in addition how to write a really good hook for an essay to other jobs, but youre confused with day-to-day due diligence due diligence that might survive around a couple of or many hours! Occasionally, the quantity of training heaped over a trainees the shoulders might be completely vicious. Whereas professors do not try this on intent (at the least, were being sure they do not), they certainly do undoubtedly pressure out of the question workloads over to their university students. How are learners supposed to entire how to write a hook for an expository essay for friendship all their responsibilities, when there practically arent more than enough several hours during the morning to achieve this?
The perfect solution is situated at MyCustomEssay.com. MyCustomEssay.com products young people with absurd lessons plenty by permitting them to purchase training on-line. Now, instantaneous tendencies to that task are typically a lot less than great invest in training on the internet? That is dishonest! Perfectly, were actually on this page to share with you it isnt its an absolute necessity, particularly for reasonable scholars that do not require penalization for partial perform. Its not students problem that they have to arrangement training not a direct result how to write a hook for an essay about james polk laziness or unwillingness in the least. Its basically a direct result unjust circumstances. That is why solutions like MyCustomEssay.com are incredibly critical to spend less specific, very good university students from plummeting between your breaks within the educational background method do in order to training excess.
At MyCustomEssay.com, we let scholars to shop for made to order training that should conserve them from educational failing and assist them live through by events of problem and overwork. You will not assume how simple and easy it truly is. All you want do is get in touch how to write a hook for a profile essay with our support service solution out there whenever, 24 hours a day and tell us your needs. Right away properly set you track of a fantastic article author a author you may pick you, then needed. That is a product exceptional to MyCustomEssay.com and it is an additional certainty that anytime you arrangement training from my web page, its designed by authors you can rely. In addition to, with the revenue-backside and free of charge revision helps how to write a hook for a personal narrative essay ensure, you recognize you will not be totally wasting any money.
Apprehensive that purchasing training from an on-line supply wont really yield the greatest results? Your stresses are very well-built. Manyonline producing companiesdont placed a lot work inside their perform and youll view the research as soon as quality is delivered. MyCustomEssay.com, on the other hand, will never be some of those providers. We take how to write a hook for college essay about major great pride in offering solely original, different do the job engineered solely yourself by qualified authors. These freelance writers managed to graduate from very best schools and competent in Language proficiency are the most effective of the highest quality. Theyll only offer the very best quality perform each individual time.
If you are equipped to get away the oppressive obligation of overpowering training, then discontinue having dreams about the best way out and hop to MyCustomEssay.com. Effectively assist you to shop for tailor made training at very affordable price how to write a hook for a perspective shift essay ranges (price ranges a good terrible university student can afford). With higher excellent authors, amazing ensures and brief change circumstances, theres absolutely nothing to shed. So halt sweltering below your academics by leaving your most wanting responsibilities to us!
how to write a good hook for a historical analytical essayhow to write a good hook for an essay about types of writinghow to write a hook for a college personal essayhow to write a hook for a comparative essayhow to write a hook for a grad school art essayhow to write a hook for a perspective shift essayhow to write a hook for a profile essayhow to write a hook for an apa essayhow to write a hook for an argumentative essay about dark romanticismhow to write a hook for an essay about james polkhow to write a hook for an expository essay for friendshiphow to write a hook for college essay about majorhow to write a hook for explanatory essayhow to write a hook sentence for a tragic hero essayhow to write a really good hook for an essayhow to write good hook for an essay
Essays for top faculty. We Write down No-Plagiarized Essays – Confirmed! Acquire Made to order put together Training On the internet
Essays for top faculty. We Write down No-Plagiarized Essays – Confirmed!how to write a good hook for your essay Acquire Made to order put together Training how to write a good hook for a historical analytical essay On the internet
The step from midst education to college generally is a striking and scary just one. Most learners arent made ready to make this sort of jump. In reality, all students know that the moment they relocate from midst university to highschool, theyre utterly bogged down. The modification in task problem, work how to write a hook for a comparative essay load and persistence will surely have individuals from their match despite the fact that theyve been direct-A earners prior to! To eliminate the strenuous routes of high school graduation living, MyCustomEssay.com is providing creating providers expressly catered to stressed highschool college students.
At MyCustomEssay.com, our new school assistance dept . is very well-prepared to take care of almost any within your high school graduation essay worries. How are we so reassured of yourself? Its as weve worked well working day in and outing to seek out how to write a really good hook for an essay authors with special, significant experience of highschool essaywriting. Consider this: you do not require a higher education essay freelance writer creating your project! Theyd contain phrases, methods and concepts that you will shouldnt fully grasp but; lecturers would determine a falsehood straight away. On the other hand you actually do not want unskilled authors dealing with your tasks until you want high school graduation essays that seem to be just like a 15 yr old published them. No, you would like another person perfect somebody that understands what precisely secondary school instructors are searching for. That is what MyCustomEssay.com has strived to accomplish utilizing how to write a hook sentence for a tragic hero essay its university essay posting dept. We retain freelance writers which happen to have encounter as university instructors or are usually aware of the style and conditions of secondary school essays. Precisely what does this do for your needs? It makes certain that virtually every task you get from your clients are of this specific superior quality your desire!
If you are in high school graduation, youve bought sufficient to be concerned about. In between sports activities, dance clubs, just after education fun-based activities, family and friends how to write a hook for an argumentative essay about dark romanticism and whatever else ., youve how to write a hook for explanatory essay almost certainly obtained sufficient or academics! By using a highschool essay hiding near every single nook, its your employment to keep pointed, and remain above your academics! MyCustomEssay.com may help make that always easy. With this skilled authors, fantastic interest rates and zero cost changes, happen to be not really a very good choice were definitely a failsafe alternative. Additionally, there exists a 24/7 support service organization that will help you stay updated on in-progression tasks when responding to your complete further queries. Ended up being pleasant, extremely fast and thoroughly geared up to assist you with the college essays. If little else, were actually an incredible returning-up decision for those who fail an project! So halt having to worry how to write a hook for a college personal essay about secondary school challenges; speak to the warm and friendly solution associates at MyCustomEssay.com and dedicate all of your time having fun with university, not dreading it!
What is the largest panic you facial skin after you order an essay over the internet? For some people, it is the nervous about sacrificing hard earned cash that how to write a hook for a profile essay for some reason, theyve decreased victim for a unpleasant trick that is 1 intention would be to strip them of income and private data. This is usually a quite appropriate dread, in addition to a wonderful explanation to continually research the system before you purchase. One more panic inducing some anxiety and panic attacks for college kids involves the potential risk of attaining sub-standard essays. This really is a legitimate concern, and has gone hands-in-hands using the 3rd purpose pupils are concerned. Plagiarism.
Plagiarism essays is a usual incidence concerning deceitful composing corporations. With how to write a hook sentence for a literary analysis essay the idea youll in no way observe, they aim to go out of plagiarized materials as original formulating. The simple shopper are one which endures, particularly if your school teachers gain access to plagiarism look at software program. Will you be definitely about to chance entire school disgrace with plagiarized substance? No chance! You have to be sure plagiarism 100 % free essays you obtain. This is just what MyCustomEssay.com pledges how to write good hook for an essay. Not simply are our essays absolutely authentic and highly regarded, yet they have zero track of plagiarism in the least. We even jog our records as a result of plagiarism verify how to write a good hook for an analytical essay for rhotoric plans right before we deliver them back doubly making sure that each ordered task life approximately the measures of plagiarism cost-free essays. With excellent authors, safety measures up against plagiarism move-ups and 100 % free reimbursements should you locate a plagiarism take note you, theres absolutely nothing you will need to eliminate!
Do not live life in anxiety. Enjoy life with certainty and reassurance, trusting from the high-quality and trustworthiness in our formulating firm. Our plagiarism complimentary essays are going to have your levels skyrocketing with your trainers smiling without suspicion how to write a hook for an perspective shift essay you didnt publish them! To shield by yourself towards plagiarizers, use MyCustomEssay.com, the place we rarely condone this sort of low priced behaviour.
Everyday schoolwork is actually difficult. Not merely are you currently caught up by long term essay duties together with other initiatives, but youre weighed down with on a daily basis groundwork investigation that could previous to as much as 2 or 3 or a long time! Now and again, the how to write a hook for electoral college essay degree of training heaped with a young people shoulder area are generally completely terrible. Despite the fact that tutors do not try this on objective (a minimum of, ended up convinced they do not how to write a hook for an apa essay), they generally do unintentionally compel hopeless workloads to their scholars. How are individuals asked to accomplish their jobs, when there practically arent ample numerous hours on the evening to complete this?
An answer is situated right here at MyCustomEssay.com. MyCustomEssay.com helps college students with absurd study course a whole lot by letting them invest in training on the net. Now, rapid side effects to this very undertaking are generally only positive invest in training on the net? That is fraudulent! Perfectly, have been on this site to share with you it isnt its absolutely essential, specifically brilliant young people that do not should have penalization for imperfect do the job. Its not students problem that they have to sequence training not a consequence of laziness how to write a good hook for an essay about types of writing or unwillingness in anyway. Its just a consequence of unfounded scenario. That is why assistance like MyCustomEssay.com are quite crucial that you help you save committed, good scholars from plummeting between fractures inside the knowledge procedure do today to training excess.
At MyCustomEssay.com, we enable young people to acquire specialized training which will help save them from school disappointment and make them make how to write a hook for a personal narrative essay it throughout days of problem and overwork. You will not assume how simple how to write a hook for an expository essay for friendship it truly is. All you want do is call our support services support on the market whenever you wish, 24 hours a day and tell us your position. Before you know it good set you on top of a superb freelance writer a article writer you are able to pick out your self, if you have ideal. It is a thing exclusive to MyCustomEssay.com and its another confidence that if you structure training from my web page, its constructed by freelance writers you can rely on. And also, with the how to write a hook for an essay about james polk funds-backside and free of charge revision makes sure, you comprehend you will not be totally wasting any money.
Concerned that choosing training from a web cause wont just yield greatest results? Your concerns are very well-started. Manyonline creating companiesdont place a great deal work inside their job and youll observe the substantiation whenever your standard is sent back. MyCustomEssay.com, nevertheless, is not really among those organizations. We take great pride in supplying altogether legitimate, special get the job done made absolutely yourself by skilled authors how to write a hook for a grad school art essay. These authors managed to graduate from leading educational facilities and amply trained in English language talent are the most effective of the highest quality. Theyll only provide the best operate each time.
If you are able to get away from the oppressive pressure of frustrating training, then quit having dreams about the best way out and hop onto MyCustomEssay.com. Very well will let you invest in made to order training at very economical pricing (charges also a substandard university student can afford). With good superior quality authors, amazing ensures and instant change instances, theres absolutely nothing how to write a hook for college essay about major to burn. So put a stop to sweltering below your academics as well as leaving your most making an attempt projects to us!
how to write a good hook for a historical analytical essayhow to write a good hook for an essay about types of writinghow to write a hook for a college personal essayhow to write a hook for a comparative essayhow to write a hook for a grad school art essayhow to write a hook for a personal narrative essayhow to write a hook for a profile essayhow to write a hook for an apa essayhow to write a hook for an argumentative essay about dark romanticismhow to write a hook for an perspective shift essayhow to write a hook for college essay about majorhow to write a hook for explanatory essayhow to write a hook sentence for a literary analysis essayhow to write a hook sentence for a tragic hero essayhow to write a really good hook for an essayhow to write good hook for an essay
The term mindset is undoubtedly an school willpower along with an used scientific begin began or begun research which scientific studies the conduct and head. With an essay is actually an deposition of phrases and specifics develop to supply a viewpoint or possibly a account within the difficulty or subject. A mindset essay is hence a selection of models creative thinking, options in regards to the behavior and brain condition associated with someone or any probability. It’s a great deal of concepts put together to produce a different idea or impression within the begin vs began vs begun readers.
A mindset essay starts with an introduction, like other essays, but includes many intellectual elements than practical info and figures. It is actually focused towards providing an in-degree knowledge concerning the obstacle depending on the sentimental, mind and research strategies. To start with crafting a mental essay, be be certain coming from the right after issues:-
-comprehending and realizing with regards to the subject matter for the scientific how to use began vs begun resource that may mirror the idea of the same. Pick a exploration with the content by using guides, articles or blog posts, periodicals, social media and so forth.
-Significant evaluate your check out may also be important to be able to lessen the we begin or began opposition in the standpoint.
-Donrrrt hurry and provide by yourself time for you to research and collect pertinent components. Because its a psychology essay, you ought to have a very in depth thought to be it very as research bottom level to demonstrate your factor.
-Be distinct and don’t prepare the topic or don’t deviate because of this. Be organization which the remain you’re bringing and substantiate it although information and ideas or experiences of others.
-You began vs begun vs begin are able to price the phrases of preferred personas, give references f the ebooks read or online websites been through to justify your idea.
Psychology is essentially analysis and consequently whilst composing a cerebral essay using began vs begun conduct a deeply analysis with the topic area. Get yourself a clear visualize on the goods take you ought to contemplate despite the fact that creating for the and grow strong. Don’t seem puzzled from any place from the essay when the confusion began vs begun and stress might be forwarded to your subscribers very. The info that you simply provide ought to be in keeping with the perfect of recognizing and it is best to provide you with the reference point began vs have begun that they’re used.
Whilst writing a psychology essay one particular really should be enlightened never to have a great time with human being mindset and never to injure anyones sentiments with your writing. Your creating is another depiction of this mindset and regarded the subject begin vs began. Therefore, write that which you are feeling actually and could warrant later on when necessary. Don’t have two beliefs.
Writing is definitely an skill and psychology can be a modern technology. Although posting a psychology essay, you’re generating a medical method or perhaps an imaginative scientific disciplines. So be helpful, imaginative to date be acceptable and useful together. When both these combined effectively will clearly show up forth using examples of began vs begun a very good and productive written product.
Essays are extremely good penned scholarly authored portion which are directed to provide recognizing towards the followers when it comes to a topic so that you can give their personal point of view based on the theme. Deciding on the topic area should certainly therefore be achieved bearing in mind specifically what the contributor is self-confident about and only what he is going to prove to be through studies, details and relative illustrations. The essays may just be written directed at unique establishments/ variety of society. Therefore the real difference in goal began vs begun vs began bakes an essay totally different constitute the other despite the fact that created in identical trend.
The entire essays provides an intro, your entire body regions and so the conclusions. Though the information of such phrases deviate in the function they’re published. Say to give an example the study essay contains sql begin and begin transaction the many features and scientific tests belonging to the learn whilst an essay for just about any development contains each of the pros and cons on the innovation combined with the effect it’ll have on world. Furthermore, when an essay began vs begun grammar is given aimed towards becoming entrance in or even a allow within the scholar school for go away or price concession or check-up middle modification is known as a graduate school application form essay.
A scholar classes software program essay isn’t created by an outstanding article writer or writer nor by great individuality but with each student on the education who have began vs begun’s just seeking any like in your establishment. The applicant posting a scholar school software program essay have to concentrate on his intention and ought to be straight in asking for it. He needs to only focus on his results, his advantages, his capabilities and precisely why he needs to be seriously considered over other people. He has to be straight and highly accurate during the publishing because there are a many purposes to be read through the selector as well as the department head.
The scholar class app essay began vs was begun is undoubtedly an instrument where the candidate advertises themself despite the fact that viewing table plus began vs begun grammar girl the heads coming from the institution to be able to seek admission or any like. The candidate must be innovative and also must compose various things from people powerful the selectors to decide him. He will need to picture themself in many ways the people can get satisfied and allows him the prefer.
There are specific things that shouldn’t be achieved whereas authoring a graduate high school application essay:-
-Don’t just let on your own be much too descriptive relatively reduce limited your began vs had begun presentation and exhibit your ability for a copywriter by composing significantly more in few terms.
-Use very good praising key phrases to get that institution as well as selector began vs begun gmat to enjoyment them but don’t be way too buttery.
-Don’t make any Spelling, punctuation or grammatical error when you find yourself getting into education organization and the like flaws is reasonably dangerous and will not in support of you.
In accordance began vs has begun with all of the dos and donts a fantastic and effective graduates school request essay may just be written and also the important function of the same can be happy. Staying unique, staying articulate and becoming on target despite the fact that writing definitely will lead you to can come forth with hovering colours.
began vs begunbegan vs begun gmatbegan vs begun grammarbegan vs begun grammar girlbegan vs begun vs beganbegan vs begun vs beginbegan vs had begunbegan vs has begunbegin began or begunbegin vs beganbegin vs began vs begunexamples of began vs begunhave began vs begunhow to use began vs begunsql begin and begin transactionwe begin or began
Haiku is a traditional form of a Japanese poetry that consists of 3 lines, following a 5-7-5 syllable rule (first and third line 5 syllables, middle line 7 syllables). They don’t necessarily have to rhyme.
The thought on Corinne’s post today struck me somewhere. So many times it happens when we want to do anything particular, try something new, something that we have never done before and it is out of our comfort zone as well! The thrill does runs into our blood, and in a tad of time, a single sentence pops up and we leave it!
What is that single sentence? And who uttered it to us? Our mother? Only if she had any idea about it! Our father? Only if we dared to discuss it with him. Our siblings? Only if we shared that conversation 24*7. Then who? Our friends? Did they stop us from doing what we wanted? But why will they stop? They’re the first set of people on earth who make us criminals in the first place! Then who else is left?
O.. yeah..!! How can I forget to mention about my, err, our alter-ego! Well yes.. the inside us.. who knows every minute detail of our lives and keeps us knocking apart from what we want to do! Yes, it does tells us right things as well at times. But like I said, at times! It surely helps us stay grounded, but who wants to go underground?
Self doubt is the worst enemy I guess. For we try to keep the first brick of self confidence.. and there it comes from nowhere, smashing away all of it..! And, we adults are not the only victims of it, children too have a lot of this! But how come these toddlers at such a tender age pick it from? Well no prize for guesses, it’s obviously us! I think we really need to think before acting and saying things before them! They really pick fast!
So what can be done, in order to cure this malady of self doubt? Saying/writing affirmative sentences could help.
I looked for a few. Some did scare me as well, but then if your dreams don’t scare you, may be they’re not big enough!
How do you deal with self doubt? What things do you say or write to yourself? Want to share any trick? Feel free :)
“Yes.. I know.. But you should never give up.. never lose hope.. never lose faith in him..after all it’s your birthday! I’m sure he must be having some plan”
“No.. he doesn’t! I am not losing faith in him. It’s just that I have accepted him the way he is. And he is not a mushy kind of person! Gifts, flowers, making me feel special is not his zone.. Simple. And I am not mad at that”
“Oh my God..!! We went for dinner with our friends and it was very normal. There were separate cakes.. from friends and him of course. But that is still fine. After dinner, we were home. Like every other night we return from dinners, I went to the kitchen to get water bottles and he opened our room. When I entered, it was dimply lit. I didn’t see anything then. As I was completely inside, I saw a huge bunch of roses on our bed with a beautiful card, and chocolates- my favourite ones.. and perfume.. O you know how much I love them! It was a moment of pure bliss. And he had decorated the room with our photos all around! I felt ecstatic!”
Phone and laptops.. they matter so much to us. Don’t they? They’re our best friends.. after all, they are the ones who help us complete our projects, they are our only resort where we can go any time we want after hearing a No from everyone around, they are the ones who truly stand by our side! And of course, not only for our academics or office work, they give us company when everybody else refuses to, they give us their time on a long holiday when everybody is busy visiting places. Probably, the only comforting factor in the house which keeps our sanity alive!
If not for our laptops, imagine, how would we ever come to know the chivalrous Jon Snow? How will we have ever witnessed the conquests of the brilliant Sherlock Holmes? How would we come to know how Ted narrated how he met his kids' mother, and where would we see and learn all the scheming and friendship at the same time if not for Serena and Blair? Of course, movies are a complimentary! Then why does everybody around us keeps on nagging about the lives that are being affected by these gadgets.
This year, I got a birthday wish from my uncle who stays in Australia. It was great hearing from him. One of my friend isn’t doing well from quite a long time and yet she managed to surprise me with a bundle of gifts? Where did she get them from? She ordered online, isn’t this obvious? It looks good and sounds perfect to me at least!
But what’s annoying is, when I am in the middle of a conversation with my bestie, and her phone vibrates, or I am taking the class and a student gets distracted because of that small device in his pocket, or may be I am sharing a very intimate moment or sharing my heart out probably and suddenly an uninvited person comes in between, not physically, but yes, virtually! I feel like smashing them! Seriously!
The problem comes when this starts happening too often, with too many people, at too many occasions, and becomes a regular business! No doubt, we’re connected with the ones who are not with us now but what about losing the ones whom we really are. As they say, we realize their presence only when they’re absent!
I see a young child longing for his parent’s attention, who're too busy to reach the next level of Candy Crush, friends meeting for coffee end up on their phones, students whiling away their time and ignoring their parents when they give them some not-for-good-advice, because they are busy their gadgets!
Something is going wrong.. don’t you think? It’s not normal.. and if this doesn't stop then we will never ever feel connected with ourselves! For its not the virtual friends or people who will come rescue us in the middle of the night, but the ones with whom we stay in the house or in the neighbourhood, who will be first standing with us!
So many times we’ve turned pages, read articles, written about them as well on how the color or the skin tone is totally immaterial, how it is the internal beauty that matters and not vice-versa.
When was it when I learnt it? Ah! I remember when I was a child, in one of the school books or I guess maybe I eavesdropped somewhere, or my grandma gave me this learning that beauty will fade away one day. Once you get old, it will not be the looks that will stay with you but a beautiful heart that will be there! That got indelible in my mind, forever. I had friends who were pretty.. or let me confess, way prettier than me.. I was nothing. I was dark, I had short hair, my mom used to apply hair oil on a regular basis and send me to school. I’m sure you got the picture of how I looked! I wasn’t a very bright child either. So the esteem issues were always there.
Actually, it didn’t mattered much to me.. but it did matter to the others. My heart always reminded me of how I should welcome good thoughts and be a good person, help others, take care of them, never make fun of them, etc etc. Yeah, sometimes I did curse my looks, but like I said, sometimes.
I saw people being charmed so much with the looks of other people. And I always had it inside, that they’re not permanent, so chill. And who knows, behind that beautiful face, may be a not so very good person is hidden. As they say, looks are deceiving. Well.. Yes, they are!
Sometimes we do judge a person on how they look, but the moment they open their mouths, I think that’s where they realize the mistake they make in the first place.
Looks do a lot of good, but they just don’t matter to me! No matter how beautiful or handsome a person looks, as long as they’re rude, and arrogant and obnoxious and stubborn and obstinate, they don’t value to me at all. Greedy as well! I don’t like selfish people. I don’t like people who judge others the moment they see them. And hypocrites are the biggest turn-offs. Looks like, I don’t like quite a category of people around me.
I am always tempted by the goodness in the heart, the innocence in the eyes, the altruism, fair genuine appreciation is always welcome and so is healthy criticism but no mind games!
I remember I really wanted a pet when I was a child but didn’t have one then. Thanks to A, he got one last year. But by that time, my adulation towards pets was over! I only liked them as long as they were neighbours’ or relatives’ or anybody else for that matter. But A simply loves them. Like crazy. Period. “A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than he loves himself”- is what his Whatsapp says! :P
From morning till evening, the only thing I think he think about is our dog. But as you all know, as I have a big and a beautiful heart at the same time (*winks* *blush* ^_^) , I’ve started to love our dog. Cooper, well call him. And he’s such a cute thing when he came. Petite then and now a grown up.
I love to spend time with him. I love to play with him. And mind you, he’s very naughty and extremely sharp. And he’s not lazy, quite the opposite of his breed. He’s a Labrador. The whole family treats him like our own. And now, he’s the center of universe in our house. No matter how anybody else is feeling, but master Cooper should always be comfortable. It was his birthday last month, and I was ordering a few stuff for him online. Usually we order/bring one or two things at a time. But this time, it was different. We ordered so much stuff for him. When my MIL asked, why so many things for him, I timidly cued her about Cooper’s birthday!
He’s now our bundle of joy! Those innocent eyes, that fierceness if somebody else plays with his toys, the incessant wagging of his tail when A is home, the happiness he feels when he have eggs.. It’s all out of the world!
Time to hear from you. Do you love pets? Do you have one? What’s their name? what’s more important to you, looks or heart? I’d love know from you.
“She’s absolutely fine. But nothing gets down her throat. Not even the tiniest particle. And even if it does, uneasiness takes the upper hand”
“I bet! She can’t stand, she can’t walk, she can’t eat, she doesn’t like watching TV, she doesn’t like doing anything at all. She wants to eat lots of things, but the moment she takes a bite, she starts puking. Plus the pain that comes along”
And there in the corner, Rumi’s mother eavesdropped to the conversation between two friends. She didn’t smile, she didn’t react. But deep down, she knew the reason behind her MIL’s contrite. She reminisces her youth.. the day when she got married, where she was welcomed straight into the kitchen, rather than her bedroom. Getting all the vessels done, preparing the food for 50 people in the house, and sleeping without eating anything because nothing was left and she wasn’t allowed to cook for herself, hitting her head coz it wasn’t covered, abusing her for getting enough dowry, yelling all day at her, scorning at her in front of their guest and mocking at her tan skin tone, throwing away the plate decorated with fresh scrumptious food coz she got 5 min late in entering the dreadful kitchen, and on and on and on! The instances were plenty. She can’t be done this soon for what she had done in the past. As they say, what goes around comes around!
Rumi’s mother knew very well in her heart, the cause of this suffering. And she knew that it’s not the end! For, God watches everyone. And her MIL hadn’t paid all the dues yet!
Yes..I know I’m a bit late for this, but then, better late than never! I was going through this phase which I’m sure all of you experience. Finding that inspiration to write, or sincerely making an effort to hold that pen and scribble a few thoughts, trying to push so hard and yet not able to get a single word on paper! Yes.. that was going on with me. Work was equally busy, but it wasn’t like I didn’t have time to write. Of course, I did.. But, like I said.. it just wasn’t happening. Egging on to read other’s blogs was not coming out at all. And I simply hate this phase. I knew I was missing so much and yet it was serene for me?! Weird feeling it is.
Anyway, September started with a blast with a wonderful Teacher’s day celebration! Not to mention, it only happened in my class, and all the surprise was planned by my dear students! A wonderful handmade card, with beautiful messages written inside.. My Goodness, it was a feeling that can’t be penned in words.
And imagine, I had to take test that day. Okay, stop rolling your eyes.. I’m not that bad.. the test didn’t happen.. Obviously, it got cancelled!
That same day, before entering the class, I was so annoyed with the entire system, the area where the institute is located is really congested and so parking becomes a major issue. That very day, I had to struggle so much to find the space for parking, plus the annoying shopkeepers who don’t want to co-operate at all, and seeing the lady driver, all one can see is, Oh! Females.. they don’t know how to drive!, kind of look..! It’s graveling!
I won’t teach only.. will change my workplace for sure! With this thought when you enter the class and see that beautiful card on your desk automatically melts you down, and it instantly changes your mind! For it’s the students who matter and not anything else! Bliss!
September was indeed a lucky month. I attended the Women Summit and it was fantastic. You can read about it here. The results announced were pretty, giving no time to make the reservations and stuff. Realizing the fact it’s too late, I had almost said a No to the authorities, but A insisted to go for the same, even if I have to leave at 12 midnight. These small things automatically make my day. Even if I had not attended the event, I was still happy to know someone is there who care about stuff that matter to me.
Two day break, with the event, late night party, shopping, meeting friends with after a really long time and coming back only to be welcomed by my favourite set of people. Boom! What else do I want?!
Later part of the month was about watching a few movies and trying to bring back the lost reading habit: P
Sometimes when I have these odd cravings, and I’m able to quench that thirst most of the times by being able to devour myself in all of them, makes me do some thinking. Lucky I am! Not that otherwise I don’t think in that manner. But yes, we are privileged. The problems that we usually think we have is that we don’t have the new dress for the upcoming party, or new pair of shoes to go with the skirt we bought last week, the dinner prepared at home isn’t delectable enough to savour our taste buds, the lousy husbands we have who don’t listen to us, don’t go shopping, didn’t go with us for our favourite movie, the harridan mother-in-law, for once we couldn’t go to our favourite place because of bad weather, our holiday was limited in India only, and the list is eternal!
I think we’re wired that way. We only tend to cry for things we don’t have. Like I teach my students, human wants are insatiable!
We don’t count our blessings. The zillions of things that go in the right direction (and by right direction I mean, in a normal expected way), snub them and decide to crib for something we don’t have. For instance, we did not meet an accident, isn’t that great?!, we have staff to take care of things, we did not trip while bathing today, did not fall from the staircase, we don’t have lines on our foreheads when it comes to filling our tummies for we have the resources, we don’t have to think about the pen refill that need to be bought next week, we don’t have to use the same pair of shoes for five years in a row, we don’t need to think for socializing, we just buy stuff when we like them and not when we need them, the savings from the pocket money is used in things that dad refused to provide (isn’t it obvious that he thinks it’s a waste of money and hence we have to sponsor ourselves to waste that hard saved pocket money?!), we can read, we can write, we are well spoken, of course we went to fancy schools and then college and had all the fun, bunked classes, teased our teachers, and what not?! Everybody should experience all this, right? And have a normal life.
There uncountable number of children of who do not have this luxury and that is where AhamBhumika comes into picture.
It is an NGO, a group of like minded people that consists of artists, housewives, engineers, teachers, tourist guides, and government employees, every single of them striving for the upliftment of underprivileged in the rural areas of India.
· Collects clothes, bicycles, toys, etc from the donors and distribute them to those in need. Toy Bank, is a unique way striving to provide toy in every child’s hand, in Anganwadi village, Bhopal.
· Establishing a Grain School- an effort to educate women, attending their basic literacy classes and help them earn their livelihood.
· AhamBhumika’s Embroidery project aims turn this severely under-resourced section of the society into a self-reliant one. It is a small group of rural women and girls living on the outskirts of Bhopal are trained in hand embroidery work.
· Establish an informal library by collecting books from donors and inculcating the habit of reading amongst the children
AhamBhumika, runs the rural pre-school of AhamBhumika situated in a village namely Borda, Kolar Road, Bhopal is facing the crisis of fund. In spite of a lot of efforts till date they are looking for the favour of any corporate to fund our on-going rural pre-school. Till date they are running this school with the support of individuals who have contributed generously.
At the moment they have 40 rural children from the underprivileged category. To meet out the expenditure of pre-school they need Rs.14,000 per month. With this post I request you all to contribute whatever amount you can contribute to keep continue this initiative.
· Buy their beautiful merchandise that includes, the hand embroidered cushions, the hand painted shoes, the paintings, bags, etc.
You can access their Facebook and Twitter pages and check out their Website and Blog as well. You can mail them as well at: ahambhumika@gmail.com for more details.
You can also write about it on your website or your blog with the hashtag #FundAhamBhumika on social media and spread the word.
P.S: This post is entirely written to support AhamBhumika and is not a sponsored post. I have contributed, you too do and if it makes the difference then why not?
As she, and many others like her, focused more on their work, making more profits, making rich richer.. millions were sacrificing their lives. Few were fighting poverty, few were fighting for justice, few for equality, few died while bringing about the change. Irony is they was nobody to take them to the nearest hospital, nobody to lay them on death bed, nobody to fight against the ones sabotaging the environment, for all were busy.. good people were busy making their lives, making money.. killing the entire mankind!
We live in times that we scroll through the Whatsapp/Contact list to see who it is we can talk to and yet don’t find a single person to r...
Born in a middle-class family and staying at a really congested place was what my childhood all about. My house had huge stairs and old ce...
How many of you were addicted to it or still are and have killed your precious hours on this revolutionary game? I, for one, haven’t...
A to Z Challenge is like the biggest mela that happens once in a year round the globe! The baap of all the challenges has become such ...
A to Z challenge has been very special for me and is very close to my heart. It was only for the challenge that my writing took shape and...
It was my last semester in college. Finally, completing the fashion designing course was like a dream come true. I remember the day four y...
Indeed, in terms of real or dating that is online you can find lots of items of advice that may be offered. But, it really is a well-known undeniable fact that women can be 'complicated animals' and so, these pointers won't fit all. Regarding girls that are young their 20s and ladies in their 40s, the choices, techniques and strategies are way various. That is why to fairly share the absolute most valuable guidelines, we now have produced careful and research that is detailed trigger a summary of 10 top dating tips.
No restrictions and obstacles- regardless of what the purpose that is main of virtual relationship is, it really is significant to stay available minded. For instance, young girls frequently don't focus on males with young ones or those that had been hitched before. Nonetheless, them and don't even give a chance to introduce and communicate for a while, you might lose a man of your life if you ignore.
Constantly tell the facts- the concept about digital dating is the fact that in the course of time you are going to nevertheless satisfy an individual you will be interacting with (him) if you like. Therefore, it does not sound right to lie about items that would be apparent through the very first meeting that is real. Never attempt to impress a guy, rather be natural, be your self.
Care: warning flags- ladies are recognized to have intuition that is super assists them in a variety of circumstances and private life is not an exception. So, then there is definitely something suspicious about it, right if you feel like a man can't answer simple questions and is trying to change the topic? The same task can be mentioned about behavior. Then most probably nothing will work out if you don't feel comfortable with this or that man.
Emotional availability- regrettably, a lot of women sign up for online dating services the moment their previous relationship has finished. This really is a mistake that is huge! A female like hardly any other person needs time for you to cope with it and move ahead. So, in the event you do not feel just like you might be prepared to start your heart once again, usually do not register.
Go easy- dating someone means explore and get to understand one another. Do not take it too really while you never know whether or not it will result in something or perhaps not. Also, understand that when dating online, there aren't any commitments and responsibilities. Meanwhile, if you like a guy a great deal, do not fantasize about common future before you meet him in true to life. To cut it quick, allow it all get smoothly and obviously without having any pressure.
Don't play difficult for too long- nobody knows why but ladies choose to play difficult to get. In the very beginning, men are intrigued and wish to keep talking and get to understand the lady. But often, this game becomes such a long time that males simply lose all of the interest. Consequently, don't overdo and allow a person know you may be interested too.
Understand your desires that are sexual needless to say, at some time of dating, a person and a woman begin a discussion about intercourse. Right Here, women must be well conscious of the plain things they desire plus don't want. Also, do never let anybody press on you in this matter. It is time to walk separate ways, how sad it wouldn't sound if he does.
Benefit from the time- do never ever hurry with the mail order wife dating process and relationship that is serious. We do realize that everybody really wants to be loved and also a family members. However it could be easier to locate a right person for it rather than hurry up with just whoever. Do not you might think?
Be a good date- lots of women want guys to complete most of the task. They need them to produce a effective date but it depends on both events. Additionally, it is your duty and your participation in a night out together. So, be communicative, don't be timid to inquire of questions and put a smartphone away.
Be real- do pretend to be never somebody else. Great outcomes can be reached only if you might be real self.
New artists are what will sustain and grow this scene. It is essential to develop and expose new talent and despite the challenges of doing such, MelodicRock Records continues to bring the best undiscovered artists to the ever hungry fans of all things melodic.
One of Pittsburgh’s most gifted singer/guitarists will make his mark with this debut. Please make room in your music collections for BRYAN COLE and his sensational debut album ‘Sands Of Time’.
Melodic rock fans have been in need of an album just like this – the classic sound of bands like Giant, Bad English, Survivor and both Pride Of Lions and Brett Walker – the latter two artists both included in the material that comprises Sands Of Time.
Bryan Cole - "I have to say that I took a lot of time and care in recording my debut album ‘Sands Of Time’ and I knew I would go through the same process in finding the right label home for my music. I'm proud and honored to be a part of the MRR family and all the talented acts on their roster. Andrew McNeice and Melodic Rock Records, truly cares about their artists and I'm humbled and honored that they gave me a chance to make MY music and give me the extraordinary opportunities that the label offers Sands of Time is truly the first album project that is so honest, so pure and so Me! Every musical and vocal influence from my earliest memory, through my adult life is shown ever so clearly in this record and I'm so proud of it!"
The whole idea for the record came from Bryan recording a demo of the classic Brett Walker/Carl Dixon song ‘More Than a Memory.’ The feedback was unanimous, with Bryan receiving very positive and encouraging responses.
“I knew I was on to something very special. I began searching and writing material with the hopes of finding enough great songs to record a EP or full length album. During the course of this grueling process, I had experienced many personal and life changing experiences. The loss of several loved ones had brought me to my lowest point emotionally and I felt I couldn't go on being creative and making music. Out of the blue, I received a message from an old friend in Nashville, TN that heard my demo and had an idea of the perfect person to hook me up with.”
That person would be none other than Jim Peterik from Survivor. Bryan grew up listening to Survivor, Journey and many other classic AOR/Melodic Rock groups of the late 70's and 80's, so working with Jim was a dream come true. Jim Peterik contributed four amazing songs to the project that followers of Jim will recognize quickly.
Bryan continued to look for more songs that fit his style and lyrically had the right substance that he was looking for. Songwriters Joie Scott, Larry King and Steven McClintock, graciously lent their writing talents to the project. Bryan decided to record a second great Brett Walker song and to complete the album, and together with his long time writing partner DJ Gleason the duo wrote two songs to round out the album.
In conclusion, Bryan elaborates on the album recording process: “In addition to all of the great songwriters, I wanted to bring in the right group of musicians to help in the recording process. My first pick was former Giant bassist Mike Brignardello. I've been a Giant fan from their first record and they have always been a major influence on my music. I contacted Mike through a mutual friend and he jumped at the chance to be a part of the record.
To sum things up... Sands Of Time is a true inside look of who I really am. The musical and vocal influences that helped to mold me into the artist I am today and who I will continue to learn from. The happiness and sadness, as well as the struggles. They are all grains of sand that make me who I am.....the beginning.”
MelodicRock Records is delighted to announce the release of the new SCHERER / BATTEN album ‘BattleZone’, released worldwide September 22.
Together the pair have teamed up with the same musical talent that featured on the 2015 Peterik/Scherer album ‘Risk Everything’ together with some fresh new faces to help craft an absolute melodic rock gem.
‘BattleZone’ features material exclusively from the Jim Peterik (Ides of March, formerly of Survivor, Pride Of Lions) songbook. Featuring 8 rare musical gems from Jim’s songwriting vault, the album also features 3 brand new tracks, written for this project.
Jim Peterik comments: “As a long time enthusiast of Marc Scherer's vocal chops and the expertise of rock guitar goddess Jennifer Batten, you can imagine how excited I am at the release of Scherer/ Batten ‘BattleZone’ album.
As a song writer and producer, it was a dream come true mining some lost gems from my many years in rock, producing them to a new lustre and even writing three brand new cuts with Marc and Jennifer - Cuts Deep, The Harder I Try and the title track BattleZone.
Andrew McNeice and Danette Pahl of Melodic Rock Records gave me the artistic leeway and financial support to create the album of a lifetime.
Working with one of the best engineers in the business, Larry Millas, and musicians like multiple Grammy Award Winner Bill Champlin of Chicago, bassist Bill Syniar (formerly of Survivor), Mike Aquino (guitarist and singer from World Stage), and two-time Grammy Nominated saxophonist, Mindi Abair, along with Dave Kelly and Bryan Cole, brought depth and texture to the tracks that is palpable.
I dare you to crank up BattleZone or Tender Fire or Crazy Love and not rediscover why you fell in love with melodic rock in the first place. I double dare ya!!”
Jennifer Batten: “It was such a pleasure to jump into such a high level inspiring project! Marc’s vocals are out of this world, the grooves are kickin’, and working with Jim Peterik is so joyous and creative. I can’t wait to take this to the stage!”
And finally, the vocalist fronting this extraordinary project, Marc Scherer: “Even something as innocuous as lunch with Jim Peterik can inspire great things…
It was during one such meeting that Jim and I conceived of an album showcasing his lost musical treasures. Thanks to the contributions of long-time Peterik enthusiast and personal friend Danette Pahl of MelodicRock Records, we now have lift-off!
While the brain trust of talent surrounding Jim enhances any idea, this album is extra special because it features a collaboration with one of the world’s greatest guitarists, Jennifer Batten – who played three world tours with Michael Jackson and two with Jeff Beck. They say you know when it’s right in the first 30 seconds, but in this case, you can sense the magic in the first few notes. BattleZone blends the songwriting craftsmanship and storytelling genius of Jim Peterik with the artistry of some of the most amazing musicians in the business. As Jennifer observed, the battle can be internal: the fight to be better, to raise the bar and challenge yourself while stirring the musical cauldron. I truly believe that we have captured lightning in a bottle and I’m so eager for everyone to share in this experience.”
The lead song ‘Cuts Deep’, which was premiered on the Steve Price Rock Show on ARfm this weekend past, will be released as a digital single this Friday.
PRE-ORDER NOW - all preorders via this link will get the 3 Scherer/Batten singles emailed to them within 24hrs.
Fresh from Bryan Cole's cameo with GIANT, here's another track from his killer album 'Sands Of Time'
I'm absolutely thrilled for MRR's own BRYAN COLE as he heads for Nashville this weekend, to partake in the gig of a lifetime. Yes, Bryan is singing for a reunited GIANT! Featuring Dann Huff, David Huff and Mike Brignardello, plus keyboardist Tyson Leslie (Vixen) and Mark Oakley.
This is a benefit gig for Todd Austin, who lost everything in a recent fire. The Giant guys are old friend with Todd and agreed to pitch in by performing two songs among a night filled with music.
Now, due to the nature of the event and the fact that Dann Huff hasn't sung in a number years, he felt that he wouldn't do justice to the songs and asked Mike Brignardello if he knew a vocalist. Well, having just played on Bryan Cole's debut album Sands Of Time, Mike immediately called Bryan, who needed no time at all to jump at the chance.
From Mike's FB page: "GIANT reunites for the First Time Ever July 1 @ Basement East for Thrilla for Toddzilla. The original line-up; Dann Huff, David Huff, Mike Brignardello and Mark Oakley, with Tyson Leslie on keys and Bryan Cole on vocals. Show starts at 8:00, be there early, we're playing two songs! Looking forward to seeing our friends and helping our pal Todd Austin. See you Saturday!
This Sat night will be a very special evening in Nashville, TN! You do not want to miss this!!! First of all, we're helping a brother musician who lost almost everything in a fire! I've always been absolutely amazing how strong the music community is here in Nashville!
Not only am a humbled and honored to have been asked to be a part of the event, but I'll be singing lead vocal for a band that has truly been a MAJOR inspiration! So don't miss this epic event! THIS SATURDAY JULY 1st at 8:00pm at the Basement East in Nashville, TN!
BRYAN COLE has been receiving some outstanding reviews d fan feedback for his debut album Sands Of Time.
There a sample below. But before you read those, please download and keep his exclusive new Christmas song from Bryan as a thank you for all the great feedback to date.
“Bryan is one of the brightest new artists to hit the melodic rock scene and this debut record from him will confirm that to anyone who takes the time to listen to it, which, if you are fan of this genre, you owe it to yourself to do so. It is a stellar piece of work. Huge vocals, huge melodies and huge hooks. It is everything that AOR should be. Not since I first heard Hitchcock and Scherer have I been this excited about a new artist for this style of melodic rock.
This is, hands down, a must have for fans of artists like the above mentioned, fans of AOR and fans of clean, clear vocal melodic rock. Absolutely superb without any filler anywhere to be found. Five stars all the way!”
“To summarize Melodic Records have created nothing short of a melodic masterpiece with ‘Sands Of Time’ the big hooks, the big choruses, the great riffs there is something for everyone and even a little more. If you are lucky enough to find Bryan Cole’s ‘Sands Of Time’ in your Christmas stocking this year then your loved one really does love you, as this is a gift that will just keep giving you joy all year every year. Rating 10 ~ http://werockwebzine.co.uk/bryan-cole-sands-of-time-review
“….played with great skill, the Bryan voice is perfect for the kind proposed. To this is added that the new songs are really high bill and cover proposals are nevertheless of considerable caliber general!
Ultimately an album that anyone who loves Melodic Rock should listen to this in 2016.” www.melodicrock.it
“'Sands Of Time' is a strong first-up effort from Bryan, and I'm kinda astounded the melodic rock world generally, has not heard of this guy before now. With a collection of eleven tunes tailor-made for fans of our favourite sub-genre of rock, I'm thinking this CD sits right up there as one of the best releases from MRR this year. We can hope that Bryan progresses onward from this debut, because he definitely needs to have a brace of albums under his belt to show off his undeniable talent. One of the better pure melodic hard rock albums of 2016.” http://gdm.glorydazemusic.com/articles.php?article_id=6414
“It seems that the label Melodic Rock is determined to compete with the major releases of the seals that usually monopolize the market with the most melodic pitches. After releasing the incredible album of Mecca now it offers another disc that should not be overlooked if you're a big fan of albums such as Dion has published Bayman, B. Walker Satin or why not.”
On November 25, one of Pittsburg’s most gifted singer/guitarists will make his mark. Please make room in your music collections for BRYAN COLE and his sensational debut album ‘Sands Of Time’.
On November 25, one of Pittsburgh’s most gifted singer/guitarists will make his mark. Please make room in your music collections for BRYAN COLE and his sensational debut album ‘Sands Of Time’.
The recording took approximately one whole year, with recording all of the tracks in my home studio in Pittsburgh, PA and Mike Brignardello recording his tracks in Nashville. I then appointed my longtime friend and mix engineer Doug Kasper, to mix the record at Tonic Recording Studios in Pittsburgh. Throughout this process, I began friendly conversations online with various industry folks including Andrew McNeice of MelodicRock Records. I had expressed interest in finding the right label home upon completion of the record. I just had a great feeling that MRR, was going to be the right fit. I was right! After submitting some rough mixes, I was offered a record deal with MelodicRock Records!
The label appointed Nello Dell'Omo to do the artwork and design and JK Northrup for final mastering. Both are absolutely brilliant! I'm honored to have worked with them.
It’s time to take a look into ‘Sands Of Time’ with the lead track ‘We Lost The Fire’, one of Bryan’s original tunes, showing his guitar and vocal skills off perfectly.
Born in a middle class suburb of Pittsburgh, PA, Bryan began his love of music at age five. At age seven, he performed his first show in front of Ten-Thousand people! He has not stopped since....
His early influence of great vocalists became evident, when he received his first Journey record "Infinity" and began focusing on groups like Journey, Survivor, Foreigner and Boston, to name a few. In addition, he was introduced to R&B, Blues and Country music. He loved and respected all genres of music.
Bryan fronted many local and regional bands before landing his first record deal. He performed with many top grossing acts including Ted Nugent, Quiet Riot, Eddie Money, Charlie Daniels Band, Reb Beach (Winger, Whitesnake), Kip Winger and many others.
Bryan has also devoted his career to many charities including The Paralyzed Veterans, The Veterans Wheelchair Games, The Animal Rescue League, The Mario Lemeuix Foundation, The Obediah/Cole Foundation, Fallen Officers and Music Cares.
His style of Melodic Rock, is strongly evident in his debut album "Sands Of Time" that has just been completed and set for worldwide release on Melodic Rock Records. Sands Of Time features eleven fantastic songs. Four of those songs written by Jim Peterik: the founding member of the rock group Survivor.
Bryan Cole is also a seasoned Record Producer and Mixing Engineer. He enjoys helping both aspiring and established artists achieve their fullest potential.
MelodicRock Records is excited to unveil the full album credits for 'Voices From The Past'... + continue reading
SOUNDBYTES ALL TRACKS--------> MelodicRock Records is very excited to announce the signing of TONY MITCHELL... + continue reading
Get ready to rock! This November 2nd the Robert Rodrigo Band releases its new album, Living... + continue reading
Many more Melvindale alumni from all graduation years have posted their profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to view Classmates.com® MHS alumni.
Check for Melvindale alumni that graduated the same year as you below. The links for each class show only students that went to Melvindale in Melvindale and graduated that year.
While you are reminiscing about the times you spent in high school at Melvindale High School, you should also check out alumni photos, yearbook listings and share any reunion info if possible.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Melvindale High School	of Melvindale, Michigan
Workshop held at the Marconi Italian university about using e-learning supported by the European Union (TEMPUS project), Yarmouk University and a number of European and Jordanian universities jointed the workshop which aims to develop electronically university courses to take advantage of the tremendous technological advances to develop teaching methods and improve the level of students' achievement as an effort to improve the quality of its graduates and prepare... Read More
Hold the Language Center in cooperation with the developing performance of the faculty and the Centre for Computer-mail and a training workshop for teachers in the Language Center center to be trained in the use of the computerized system used to teach a course El 101, also held another workshop for students in the same area on Tuesday and Wednesday 4 and 5 of October 12 016 in Khwarizmi building.
The Conversation Club at the Language Center at the University of Yarmouk on Sunday, 07.03.2016 charity breakfast arranged for the children of SOS Children's Villages (SOS) under the patronage of the Vice President for Academic Affairs Prof. Ziad al-Saad, attending assist the President / Director of the Language Center Dr. Amal Nasir, assistant director of the center, Mr. Osama Al Azzam, school and a responsible Conversation Club. Maram Hawamdeh.
For enquiries about any of our services that we provide, please contact us and we'll provide a quote for you.
All of our workers are fully trained for any jobs they may be required to do. Our training programme for our workers consists of: Correct machine usage, health and safety awareness, and much more.
Islamic Student Association of London with collaboration of the Islamic Centre of England and Shahid Motahari Institute brings to you for the first time in UK:
Shahid Morteza Motahari was born in Iran on February 1919. At the age of 12, he joined the conventional Islamic School at Mashhad and pursued his studies there for five years. Then he proceeded to Qum, the famous Educational Centre of Shi'ah Muslims. He stayed there for fifteen years and completed his education under the supervision of Allamah Tabatabai, Imam Khomeini and many other distinguished scholars. He wrote extensively against the baneful effects of communism. He also wrote on exegesis, philosophy, ethics, sociology, history and many other subjects. He left over sixty books that have been published in Persian, Arabic, Turkish, Urdu, Spanish, English, German and many other languages.
In 1952, he established a council of university students in Tehran and, in 1955, began teaching philosophy and theology at the University of Tehran at the doctorate level continuing until 1978. Motahari is considered among the important influences on the ideologies of the Islamic Republic. The activities of this scholar were intolerable for the followers of the atheistic schools and the eventually assassinated this eminent scholar on May 1, 1979.
Over a million of Muslims escorted his funeral. He was laid to rest in Qum in the precincts of the Holy Shrine of Ma'suma.
In his condolence message, Imam Khomeini said: "In him I have lost a dear son. I am mourning the death of one who was the fruition of my life."
Prof Paya, university lecturer and a former student of Shahid Motahari: The Philosophical Renaissance
The University of Connecticut opened its new campus with a ribbon cutting ceremony in downtown Hartford. The new building represents the fulfillment of two goals: 1) creating a centrally located campus for the UConn Hartford students and faculty and 2) revitalizing the Front Street District by incorporating the previously vacant Hartford Times Building into the architectural fabric of the city.
“It will be part of the backbone of Hartford: a place of learning, engagement, and discovery, and a vibrant part of this neighborhood and the capital city as a whole,” said UConn President Susan Herbst.
The new building totals over 230,000 sf and accommodates classrooms, common spaces, academic department offices, science laboratories, student café/casual dining areas, and retail spaces.
Partners Rory Ronan, Joseph Lembo, Craig Razza, and Steve Lembo, along with senior project engineers, attended the ribbon cutting ceremony in celebration of the new campus.
The New York Public Library’s two grandest rooms are now New York City landmarks. Part of our job as MEP engineers is to provide modern and sustainable engineering solutions without compromising the integrity of the architecture. We are proud to be a part of the team that is revitalizing and preserving one of New York City’s most iconic buildings. Architects: Mecanoo and Beyer Blinder Belle.
We are thrilled to be named the MEP engineers for the new Dolan School of Business at Fairfield University. With The S/L/A/M Collaborative providing the architectural design, the new state-of-the-art building is set to break ground in the spring and is scheduled to be completed in the Fall of 2019.
Kohler Ronan publishes a newsletter on a periodic basis to inform our clients of the latest trends in the Architectural, Engineering and Construction industries. Each issue focuses on innovative technologies, specifically providing education vis a vis the various types of MEP/FP systems available to the market. We aim to provide insight into the tools utilized by and available to Kohler Ronan when designing professional MEP/FP systems.
New Mexico State University Center for the Arts Photo credit: ©Anna Wesolowska / www.photographerhedman.com
Statue of Liberty Museum Photo credit: Courtesy of FXCollaborative and Statue of Liberty – Ellis Island Foundation
Watch video Chandrakanta 21st January 2018 Full latest Episode 58 online Colors Tv serial, watch Chandrakanta complete episodes, watch Chandrakanta 21st January 2018 online.
Yash Raj Films’ Shuddh Desi Romance, starring Parineeti Chopra-Sushant Singh Rajput-Vaani Kapoor, is going great at the Domestic Box Office. This rom-com came up with impressive collections on Day 4 i.e. 1st Monday.
According to early estimates, Shuddh Desi Romance made a business of 4.50-4.75 crores yesterday, taking its domestic total to 27.50-27.75 crores at the Box Office.
The movie was earlier released on 1050 screens, however, due to a dull response coming from Zanjeer, which too released with SDR but on a larger scale, many distributors across the country had to replace the later with Shuddh Desi Romance. This helped the movie to pick up further indeed!
Amidst a flurry of heavy promotional sprees ensuring their film gets noticed everywhere, Grand Masti makers have landed into a new trouble altogether. The Indianised version of an American Pie and Boogie Nights inspired sex comedy, Grand Masti, needless to say, is filled with lots of adulterated jokes and toiler humour.
A promo that almost caused a sensation taking the cheeky double meanimg dialogue status to an all time high with references as unccoth and derogatory as a doodh ki factory or a condom with a kela, Inder Kumar’s revamped edition brings back three friends Vivek, Aftab and Ritesh back to their college reunion where their sexcapades run high.
While the trio are busy trying the bahar ka biryani more than the ghar ki daal chaawal, the total encounters with Rose-Mary-Marlow (we know what you are thinking!) keep their rockets flying high up (winks). But all this extra dose of sexual perversion and double meaning cheap jokes has just added to the makers’ dilemmas.
According to reports, a lawyer has filed a petition against the film and its makers accusing the film of containing cheap adult content that are derogatory to the status quo of women in India. As a result of which, Grand Masti might not see a release in the states of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh. Tagging the content of the sequel to the 2004 hit Masti ‘obscene and degrading’, the lawyer has also referred to the Central Board of Film Certification to reconsider their decision of releasing the film worldwide. Earlier films like Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum and its predecessor Kya Kool Hai Hum had also set a benchmark for cracking us up with sexual PJs as we laughed it out altogether.
The film is all set for a September 13 release and the hype around the film is somewhat positive, given the theme of the film being a catchpoint to attract masses to the cinema theatres. Now all that needs to be seen is how the Grand Masti team actually battles it out to have a proper release in these hostile regions as well. And if not, how would this negative publicity affect the collections of the film. Grand Masti stars Vivek Oberoi, Aftab Shivdasani and Ritesh Deshmukh in the lead along with six other heroines who trudge form the pretty to the bombshell
It comes across as quite a shock that copyright infringement issues are dealt with loosely in the Indian scenario. With reference to the case on Zanjeer by the original script’s writers Javed Akhtar and Salim Khan, the court has refused the stay order on the film. Made originally by Prakash Mehra, the writer duo claimed that Mehra had taken permission to use their script once only. On the same grounds the writers had qualms, that a distant kin of Mehra is remaking a film based on one of Amitabh Bachchan’s most iconic films!
It is quite shameful that there is such little respect for creative property in our country. Zanjeer‘s makers, despite being aware that the script writers of the original script has issues with their film being remade still decided to carry forward with is alarmingly shocking.
The entire point of a remake is perhaps giving tribute to a work of art that the film maker has taken a liking to out of great love and respect. But it is somehow hard to find out how the makers of this edition of Zanjeer are ‘respecting’ the writers of the script they have decided to work on, by miffing them.
However, the writer duo of Khan and Akhtar aren’t flawless either. The film’s making was in rounds since 2011 and they did not object till mid-2012. The delay here has caused them harm on the legal front.
The fact remains that the team associated with Zanjeer 2013 has least regard for the work of two of Bollywood’s most distinguished film writers. In the end, the film is based on Salim-Javed’s script and making a film on it without their permission itself is a brash and irreverent move. A film belongs to its writers more than anyone else and at any point they must have possess the immediate intellectual rights on the property they has toiled to create.
Bollywood anyway has little regard for originality and fresh cinematic vision, but it is sad that the makers of this film were compelled to work on a film against the wishes of those without whom the film wouldn’t have seen the light of the day! Zanjeer 2013 amist all the pomp and show has its morals misplaced!
Deemed as one of Bollywood’s most impressive comic capers, talks about the sequel of Andaz Apna Apna has been doing rounds for a while now. However, with Rajkumar Santoshi readying to release next next film Phata Poster Nikhla Hero starring Shahid Kapoor and Ileana D’Cruz, there is also fleeting news that the director might shift his focus on Andaz Apna Apna 2 soon after.
To make the sequel more commercially viable, the director is looking to loop in younger stars. A leading daily reported that Santoshi is considering Ranbir Kapoor and Shahid Kapoor for the roles that Aamir Khan and Salman Khan have immortalized as Amar and Prem. Rajkumar Santoshi has worked with Ranbir previously in Ajab Prem Ki Gazab Kahani that did fairly well the box office and he seems adequately satisfied with Shahid’s work in Phata Poster Nikhla Hero as well.
However, nothing official has been announced yet as the director has immersed himself in promoting his upcoming flick PPNH and will look into the final script and casting of Andaz Apna Apna only after that!
If there’s something Nigeria’s new President has in abundance, it is SWAG! Here are some photos of President Buhari teaching us how to be at our swaggerlicious best, always.
We attempt to introduced in this posting in the past this may be one of fantastic hint for any Small Washroom Ideas options. Dont you come here to know some extra unique pot de fleurs pas cher idea? We in fact wish you can easily take it as one of your reference and many thanks for your times for surfing our webpage. interest share this image for your beloved friends, families, group via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any supplementary bookmarking sites.
Interior, Dining Room Tables was posted June on this site by Kolag.net. More over Dining Room Tables has viewed by 67177 visitor.
Interior, Blueprint Home Plans was posted June on this site by Kolag.net. More over Blueprint Home Plans has viewed by 63243 visitor.
Interior, Custom Home Design Plans was posted June on this site by Kolag.net. More over Custom Home Design Plans has viewed by 24586 visitor.
Interior, House Blueprint Designer was posted June on this site by Kolag.net. More over House Blueprint Designer has viewed by 39992 visitor.
Interior, Looking For House Plans was posted June on this site by Kolag.net. More over Looking For House Plans has viewed by 62224 visitor.
Interior, By The Yard Landscaping was posted June on this site by Kolag.net. More over By The Yard Landscaping has viewed by 76140 visitor.
Interior, Modern Furnishings was posted June on this site by Kolag.net. More over Modern Furnishings has viewed by 72340 visitor.
Interior, Brick Ranch Floor Plans was posted June on this site by Kolag.net. More over Brick Ranch Floor Plans has viewed by 76468 visitor.
Interior, Tree Landscaping Ideas was posted June on this site by Kolag.net. More over Tree Landscaping Ideas has viewed by 52839 visitor.
Interior, African Kitchen was posted June on this site by Kolag.net. More over African Kitchen has viewed by 16956 visitor.
the Forex Trading Platform * Understanding PIPs the simplified way of measuring profits / losses in the forex market * What is the Risk to Reward Ratio and why it matters * Short and Long trading explained so you can practice them. This gives opportunities for. Remember that only 5 will actually make it but the reason for that isnt ability, its staying power and the ability to change your perceptions and paradigms as new information comes available. What got him to be interested in Forex was an incident when he was watching television. In a nutshell, it is simply where one currency is traded for another. It is best to try their service by asking them questions through email, chat or by calling them directly. Prior to joining GFT, Kathy was the Chief Strategist of m and worked in JPMorgan Chases Cross Markets and Foreign Exchange Trading groups using both technical and fundamental analysis to trade FX spot and options. The smaller the lot size being traded, the lower the profits, but of course, lower losses, too. Price either moves up or down whats forex alto profitto indicatore di sistema the big secret to that then lets get cracking!
As you can see in the graph, its 55 of the skill you need to be successful in Forex Trading. All the controls (charting tools) are there and familiarity to it will be a great advantage. . When you enter a trade it turns against you so you reverse and it turns again and again, and again. The success of Eds first book, Forex Patterns and Probabilities, thrust him into the spotlight, and was followed by its equally successful sequel, The Ed Ponsi Forex Playbook. As the economy of Philippines continues to grow, there are more and more locals open forex accounts with foreign forex companies who offer them the best trading services. New schedule : April 21,2012 (2-4pm wHEN IN manila and looking for investment options, you may want to try trading the. We want to help you to start with forex trading and become profitable very quickly, we prepared and regularly update the above table with comparison of best forex companies! There are only a few credible Forex Trading teachers or Forex Trading mentors here in the Philippines. There are some local fx brokerages who are listed by but according to our knowledge of local market, vast majority rbi regolamenti per il forex of Filipinos trade currencies through some of the worlds best fx companies who are residing abroad and regulated by worlds top reputable regulatory bodies like. The losers are those who wanted to get rich quick but approached the market and within 6 months put on a pair of blinkers so they couldnt see the obvious a kind of this is the way i see it and thats that scenario refusing.
Casual conversations with purpose featuring interesting, inspiring, and innovative people from a variety of backgrounds, experiences, and industries. Everyone has a story to share, and every story is worth sharing.
Susannah Fox returns to the podcast this week to talk about her work at the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, sharing her son's food allergies with Stanford Medicine X, the rewarding challenge of engaging an audience on Medium, and a new exercise in empathy from people impacted by cystic fibrosis. Enjoy.
Casual conversations with purpose featuring interesting, inspiring, and innovative people from a variety of backgrounds, experiences, and industries. Everyone has a story to share, and every story is worth sharing. There's no pressure, we're just talking.
The reproduction from the painting by Hans Skalagard was impressed upon a Christmas card sent to Andy Flowers by a Captain Jeff Mann and Brian Lucy of Bank Line in 1985 and shows the "Olivebank by Moonlight". This four-masted barque had lain undisturbed for 57 years until located in June of 1996 by St. Albans Sub-Aqua Club divers, led by Andy Flowers.
The OLIVEBANK was built in 1892 at the Scottish yard of Mackie & Thomson. She was a steel four-masted barque of 2,824 gross tons, 326 feet long, with a breadth of 43.1 feet and a depth of 24.5 feet. The ship was built for Andrew Weir & Co, Bank Line. She served them for over 20 years but had a chequered hisstory and was once scuttled following a fire in Port Guaymas in 1911. She was fortunately raised and repaired following that misadventure. She also survived two other incidents of lost rigging during her 47 year life.
Many accounts have been written of voyages on board the OLIVEBANK, including one entitled 'Rolling round the Horn' by Claude Muncaster, the author and artist, who painted the romantic Christmas card view of the 'Olivebank by Moonlight'. His book covered a voyage in 1933.
A waterfront scene at Hull with Bank Line's motor vessel "CLYDEBANK" (1974/11,405 grt) receiving tug assistance on July 25th 1992.
The BANK LINE, registered by Andrew Weir in 1905 to market his growing network of cargo liner services, for several decades pursued a policy of planned fleet replacement contracted with British shipbuilding yards. The Line's last such order was placed in 1977 at the site of the old Doxford yard in Sunderland.
Between 1973 and 1975 a major investment in an undercover yard took place and eight Bank Line vessels were constructed there between 1976 and 1978. The final order, for six vessels of an advanced design, which became the "Fish" Class, was completed in 1979 and the yard has since closed.
The "Fish" Class rarely visited the United Kingdon during their short careers with the Bank Line and the one cargo liner service from the UK, between Hull and the South Pacific, continued to be tonnaged by the Meadowbank Class, built by Swan Hunter in 1973.
The CLYDEBANK (1974/11,956 grt) was one of two vessels operating on a new service introduced in 1996 between South & East Africa, the Arabian Gulf, India and Pakistan called the Bank Ellerman Line. Up to nine passengers were carried by the CLYDEBANK and her sister ship the FORTHBANK on monthly sailings.
The CLYDEBANK and her sisters were replaced on Bank Line's round the world service in 1996 by four former Russian cargo vessels which were refitted and converted into multi-purpose/container ships with ro-ro facility and deep-tanks for carrying vegetable oil. One of the new fleet at the time , the FOYLEBANK (1983/18,641 grt) frequented Papeete, Tahiti where she loaded coconut oil. These ships carried twelve passengers each on voyages which could take up to four months.
The services on which the "Fish" Class were employed by the Bank Line were the U.S.A.-South Africa route, which was inaugurated by the ROACHBANK in April of 1980, and the Far East-South Africa trade. It was not uncommon for the vessels to be chartered out to other operators and the TENCHBANK was renamed ALS STRENGTH for a six-month charter to Ahrenkiel Liner Services in 1986, also on the Far East to South Africa trade. Both ROACHBANK and RUDDBANK were involved in rescuing Vietnamese boat people in 1979.
The RUDDBANK (above) was completed in 1979, photographed in her original colours in 1983, the year she first changed ownership.
The first vessel to be sold was the RUDDBANK which was positioned to the UK by taking a sugar cargo from Mauritius to London in October 1983. She was renamed ROMNEY at Rotterdam by Lambert & Holt and loaded her first of several cargoes for the Falklands at Avonmouth towards the end of 1983. For the return voyages she loaded at South American ports on the BRISA service, discharging at Liverpool. However, once the Falklands contract had expired she was redeployed within the Vestie Group and was positioned, via Karachi, in the summer of 1986, to the South Pacific for a cargo liner service to the West Coast of USA/Canada.
All five remaining vessels were sold in 1987 when it was decided to abandon the Far East-South African trade and charter in tonnage on the USA-South African route. Two vessels were sold to Lendoudis, a Greek shipowner established at Athens in 1973, who had purchased a pair of Bank Line ships in 1978/79, the LAURELBANK and the ROWANBANK which needed replacement.
Thus, PIKEBANK became WESTMAN and TENCHBANK the EASTMAN under his ownership. In an unusual deal with a British shipowner operating under the name Tamahine, the EASTMAN was sold later in 1989 to become TAMATHAI while another Bank Line vessel, CRESTBANK, which had been purchased from Tamahine in 1987 and renamed NORTHMAN (ex-TAMATHAI) was sold back to Tamahine in 1988 and renamed TAMAMIMA.
A pair was also taken by, possibly, American interests and flagged out to the Bahamas. ROACHBANK was renamed DEVO at Yokohama, initially reports as owned by Kawasaki of Japan, and the TROUTBANK was renamed BRIJ at Kobe. It seems that both vessels were initially managed by Aegeus Shipping of Piraeus but were later managed by Trishui Ship Management of New York.
The final vessel, DACEBANK, was sold to Leond Maritime of Piraeus, an operator established in 1967 who, prior to 1990, moved up market towards tonnage suitable to liner operators. As the ANNA L she visited Liverpool in February of 1988 on charter to T & J Harrison, and has recently been working for the US Government supplying the Gulf forces.
Since their sale by bank Line, with the one exception of RUDDBANK while trading as ROMNEY, the class has continued to largely trade away from the UK and Europe, the emphasis being on service in the Far East and South America. The arrival of PIKEBANK as WESTMAN at Liverpool in 1991, on charter to Eurosal from South America, was therefore something of an occasion.
The round-the-world service, visiting South Pacific ports, operated by Bank Line (Andrew Weir Shipping) had long been popular with travellers preferring cargo ships to cruise liners. By the middle of 1996, the company had introduced four larger, newer ships with roll-on/roll-off capability to the service. New services were then found for the four older ships so displaced, two of which were earmarked for a revived link between South Africa, East Africa, the Gulf and the Indian sub-continent.
Accordingly, from July of 1996 the CLYDEBANK and then the FORTHBANK started the monthly service from Durban on a round trip scheduled to last about 56 days, calling at Dar-es-Salaam, Mombasa, Jebel Ali (Dubai), Karachi, Mumbai (Bombay) returning to Durban via Mombasa. Additionally, a call was usually made at one other port in the Gulf, often Dammam in Saudi Arabia. Passengers could join, and leave, the ship at any port of their choice, and expect to be charged US $100 per day fully inclusive, except for personal items such as drinks at the bar and runs ashore. Additionally, a call was usually made at one other port in the Gulf, often Dammam in Saudi Arabia. Passengers could join, and leave, the ship at any port of their choice and expect to be charged US$100
There were four twin-bedded cabins, including the owners suite, and one single. All were very spacious, with full en-suite facilities, TV and video players, (the ship's video library was extensive, as was it's book collection), tea and coffee makers, refrigerators and, of course, outside views. There was also a passenger's lounge at the after end of the passenger deck, walled on three sides by floor-to-ceiling glass (referred to by the crew as 'the aquarium') giving unrivalled views. Passengers ate with the officers in the airy dining saloon, but access to the officer's lounge bar was normally by invitation only, an invitation which was usually readily forthcoming as officers and passengers became better acquainted.
The ships themselves were of the geared, 'tween-decker type, with a deadweight of 15,200 and so carried a wide variety of cargoes. Not for them the simple operation of merely loading and unloading containers, which could be boring for a passenger and could result in very short stays in port. Of course, these ships did carry containers, but also practically anything else as well. Bagged rice and spices, steel in various forms (coils, rods, plates and girders, forest products (paper, chipboard and the like), second hand cars and new safari coaches are examples of what appeared on the manifests. Just watching the loading and unloading of these, usually by ship's gear, could be a fascinating pastime and could result in extended port visits, offering the passenger plenty of opportunities for going ashore in most ports.
Sailing on certain sections of the itinerary brought back memories of British India, which for nearly 130 years had operated for passengers and cargo between the Gulf, Karachi and Bombay until 1982, when the last passenger-cargo ship in BI colours, the DWARKA, was withdrawn. The BI service between Bombay and East Africa lasted until about 1966, while Bank Line itself had been closely associated with services linking South Africa with the Indian sub-Continent, on which passengers were carried prior to 1939, until the 1960s.
Above, the motor vessel CRESTBANK (1978/12,238 grt) is seen laid up in the River Fal alongside the CAPE AVANTI DUE. She was sold to the Tamahine Shipping Co. in 1986 and renamed TAMATHAI.
(The final section of the above text is an extract taken from "A Bank Line Freighter Voyage" included in the October 1997 edition of Ship's Monthly wherein W. Paul Clegg describes a voyage to Gulf & Indian Ocean ports aboard the CLYDEBANK.)
The MORAYBANK (1973/11,405 grt) was chartered out in 1984 to become the TOANA PAPUA but eventually reverted to her original name. In her place the MEADOWBANK became the TOANA NIUGINI. Both ships measured 162X23m (530 X 75 ft). They had a TEU capacity of 240 and a mix of cranes and derricks to serve their five hatches. Doxford machinery of 15,000 bhp gave a speed of 18.75 knots. Six of this design were built by Swan Hunter 1973-74 and, of these, the lead ship CORABANK traded in the eighties as the UNICOSTA.
On occasion the Bank Line chartered in various ships, two of which changed their names and livery. These were the German CHARLOTTA (1978/9,313 grt), owned by Peter Dohle of Hamburg and Bernard Schulte (1978/8,557 grt) which had been chartered to Lloyd Brasiliero and renamed LLOYD RECIFE and LLOYD MEDITERRANEO respectively. Over the two year period 1979-81 both operated under Bank Line colours, the former as the TESTBANK, the latter as the TIELBANK.
My first trip with Bank Line was in 1974 on the Birchbank on her second voyage, when I joined as Second Engineer, Jimmy Cairns was Chief to be relieved by Mike Brannock on his first trip as Chief.
The Master was Angus McBain accompanied by his wife Flora and the bairn Kirsty, the mate&#8217;s name I can&#8217;t remember he had come from P&O, the second mate was from Lincolnshire and accompanied by his wife, the third mate I cannot remember and there were 2 apprentices.
We loaded in the West India Dock in London with a virtual Aladdin&#8217;s Cave of cars, booze and allsorts, if fact we were that well loaded that we had to lighter our bunkers to get out of the Dock bound for the Persian Gulf.
From the Gulf it was up to the Bay of Bengal to load for South America loading in all the C&#8217;s, Calcutta, Chittagong, and of course Chalna. It was the usual selection of jute, gunnies, barbed wire and manhole covers with a few bicycles.
Then it was down to Durban for bunkers and this is where the Antarctic adventure started. It was during the Suez closure and there was a great deal of congestion in Durban so we were anchored off, the weather was pleasant and the second mate and his wife were allowed to take the sailing dinghy off for a sail.
The weather didn&#8217;t stay nice for too long and a radio message was received saying that a sailing dinghy with 2 occupants was seen heading for the South Pole under bare sticks.
The port lifeboat was launched with the mate in command, me, the fourth Engineer and 4 seamen to go and recover the dinghy, recovery was a bit hairy as the only way, with the weather deteriorating was to bear down on the dinghy and catch a line as we went past, it was recovered successfully and we returned to the ship.
The mate had left a line and a rope ladder over the stern to board but Angus had decided that he wanted the boat back on the davits so then the saga started.
The dinghy was safely taken back on the ship complete with 2nd Mate and wife (Annie I believe her name was) and the mate and I decided to try and hook the lifeboat back on, the weather having deteriorated even more with about a 10 ft swell it was something that we were not looking forward to.
The first two attempts proved unsuccessful with the swinging blocks causing quite a hazard, at that time the block swung at the 4th engineer who moving swiftly out of the way fell out of the lifeboat, he then swum for the ladder and started climbing on board the ship, this was observed by the crew who presumably thought that we would follow jumped out of the boat and climbed up the pilot ladder leaving the mate and myself looking at each other. We then agreed to try one more time to hook on. We were then joined by the 2nd electrician and the 2nd mate to assist. The 2nd mate didn&#8217;t last long; he was hit in the face by the block which opened up a nasty wound. The 2nd electrician offered to try and hook on and was given dire warnings about the effects of not keeping ones fingers out of the way. This warning had no effect as he ended up with three crushed fingers and was hauled out of the boat, which by this time was a little like a butchers shop.
The lifeboat then was left on a line and we left the boat feeling cold, miserable, and a little frightened (me) on the consequences of what had started off as a pleasant afternoons sailing.
A doctor was called who came out with the pilot boat and decided that hospital treatment was required for the injured; this was the only good thing to come out of the episode as we jumped the queue of ships waiting.
The 2nd electrician was repatriated from South Africa and we never heard what had happened to him after what was a disastrous first trip for him.
One thing that does stick in my mind is that I was standing in the shower trying to get warm when a hand clasping a glass of malt whiskey came round the curtain and a voice said &#8220;Angus says Drink this&#8221; it was Mrs McBain!
The emptiness of the ever-expanding universe cannot compare to the void where your heart should be (WP)
"The group finally convenes as a quartet for the premiere of Ian Wilson’s Quattro Stagioni, a work inspired—like his earlier Winter Finding—by Cy Twombly’s quartet of giant paintings on the four seasons. A tour-de-force for the four players, the piece explores the limits of texture and technique, and is given a riveting performance."
"A third keyboard player made a big impression over the past week. This was pianist Izumi Kimura in partnership with saxophonist Cathal Roche. They were playing Ian Wilson's 2016 duo Possession, a 50-minute, part scored, part improvised fantasy based on dance musics from around the world. Fifty minutes is a long time, and for Kimura it was almost without break. Yet it appeared to cost her nothing and her playing shifted vividly with the changing moods of the music - now angry, now reflective, now celebratory. There was a chameleon-like element also to Roche's part - divided between tenor and soprano saxophones - which matched Kimura for adapting to whatever mood or occasion was suggested by the essence Wilson distilled from the regions whose music he borrowed. Both players exhibited virtuosity and stamina in equal measure, as well as an unerring capacity to blend their own improvisation with whatever fixed scoring Wilson had given them."
The Irish Times, 26th October 2016. Cathal Roche and Izumi Kimura, Dublin City Gallery The Hugh Lane.
The vocalist subtly and powerfully sustains both her difficult character and the audience's attention
Ian Wilson's experimental opera The Last Siren imagines the last surviving example of the mythological being, beautiful but dangerous, whose irresistible singing lured sailors to their deaths by shipwreck upon the nearby rocks. Not so this last one: her musical powers are diminished, as are her faculties. In her total isolation she grieves for her dead sister and is depressed, anxious and unhinged. She drinks. Her only companion is a toy (aptly, a wooden horse), with which she has a pseudo-relationship reminiscent of that between Tom Hanks and the volleyball Wilson in Cast Away.
The performance is a tour de force by vocalist Lauren Kinsella. Over her 60-minute monologue she subtly and powerfully sustains both her difficult character and the attention of the audience - this within a structured but almost entirely improvised presentation and by someone whose career is otherwise devoted not to acting but to composing and to singing jazz (she was 2016's vocalist of the year at the Jazz FM awards). She looks like a siren, albeit a broken one, and allows tantalising glimpses of her former lethal powers with the occasional fragments she sings.
The music, also, is improvised, performed by the Cork-based sound art duo The Quiet Club (Mick O'Shea and Danny McCarthy). Seated at desks on opposite sides of the stage, the two unfussily generate and amplify a wide and engaging spectrum of live and electronic sounds from various home-made and modified instruments. Most of the sounds consist of abstract yet cannily feasible responses to what's unfolding dramatically in the space between the two players, although a few moments call for something recognisable, such as an epic thunderstorm they raise while still scarcely moving.
Wilson, who devised the concept and the libretto, encourages the audience - through this lonely last siren - to reflect on memories, on loss and suffering, on endurance and courage, and on how nothing stays the same forever, not even in mythology. The actual details of those subjects, upon which the last siren ruminates for an hour, have already started fading as the performance ends. The libretto is not one of the piece's strongest features, and represents a bit of a lost opportunity. What sticks in the mind is how the powerful concept behind the libretto inspires such engaging and spontaneous performances."
In ‘The Last Siren's' haunting tale, themes of isolation and loneliness, memory and delusion are explored in an intriguing libretto by Wilson... If ‘The Last Siren's' score has its issues, which are far outweighed by its successes, its principle performance by Lauren Kinsella borders on the sublime. Vocally and performatively Kinsella is utterly stunning. Whether singing, chanting, whispering, giggling, sneering or making any one of a myriad of sounds, her voice lures you in completely. If there's a Bjork like quality to the ‘The Last Siren's' vocal improvisations, this has much to do with the terms of its soundscape. But Kinsella's jazz leanings are also well in evidence, along with many other hidden dimensions. Yet Kinsella is not prepared simply to rely on her vocal prowess, she also uses her body as an instrument of performance, and her physical vocabulary is utterly riveting. Under director Ksenija Krnajski, Kinsella's body, arms, eyes and fingers brim with pain, confusion and rage, like something from an Asian horror movie that lives behind a mirror or at the bottom of a pool, surfacing at night to haunt with deathly intent. The decision to use a bottle of vodka early on initially informs Kinsella's performance with a literal reason for her behaviour, diminishing its intensity and interpretative possibilities as a result. But once the bottle is lost, her actions take on far more potent and poetic possibilities, with her relationship with her little, toy horse being eerily and wonderfully effective.
Ian Wilson's ‘The Last Siren' is a brave and intriguing new work whose haunting and atmospheric soundscape performed live by The Quiet Club has moments of captivating beauty and intensity. But its real revelation is Lauren Kinsella, whose incredible performance discloses musical and performative possibilities she has never quite shown before. Magnetic and mesmerising, both musically and theatrically, in ‘The Last Siren' Lauren Kinsella is irresistibly, jaw droppingly brilliant."
"The standout piece in Michael McHale's lunchtime piano recital was Ian Wilson's upbeat, frisky Sonnenwende."
Ian Wilson's ‘The Last Siren' - a left-field operatic reinvention of the Sirens of Greek Mythology. Sound art collective Quiet Club - aka Danny McCarthy and Mick O'Shea - flank either side of the stage. Engulfed in electronic gizmos, wires and found objects, and with O'Shea sporting eccentric headgear, they inhabit the set like mad scientists in a Terry Gilliam film.
Central to the performance is Dublin-born, London-based singer Lauren Kinsella, who enters pulling a tiny toy horse on a piece of string. It's her constant companion, for unlike the Sirens of mythology who numbered two or more, Kinsella represents Wilson's ‘what if' vision of a lone Siren, one tortured by loneliness, loss, jealousy, anger and despair.
Kinsella's half-spoken-half sung monologue is as dense and colorful as a slice of Samuel Beckett's poetry. How much of the text is improvised is unclear, but regardless, Kinsella - hypnotic and emotionally engaging throughout - glides between ouzo- guzzling bag-lady persona to seductive Siren, her sad song a beacon in a dark world of personal demons. McCarthy and O'Shea provide a sympathetic electronic soundtrack - employing a mini-gramophone, a violin bow and a butcher's meat-table scrubbing brush, amongst other items - that runs from subliminal to searing.
Better known as the voice of Blue Eyed Hawk and Snowpoet, Kinsella's compelling performance in Wilson's curious piece of theatre - directed by Ksenija Kmajski - suggests that, like Czech icon Iva Bittova, she could make the transition from singing to acting with some success.
"Meanwhile, A Disconnected Rhythm turned out to be an unlikely jewel in TV3's festive offerings. At the curious crossroads of art and science, this documentary followed the experience of Ian Wilson, who had been commissioned by the National Centre for Arts & Health to create a piece of music inspired by the experience of Parkinson's Disease.
He duly takes up a residency at Tallaght Hospital and observes patients, families and those colliding every day with the degenerative condition. Initially coming up against a group of patients reluctant to cooperate on-camera, Wilson and his collaborator Leontia Flynn soon earn their confidence. The quiet brutality of Parkinson's Disease is laid bare, right down to the everyday difficulties patients face. It may not sound like a fun festive watch, but the stoicism of Tallaght's patients makes A Disconnected Rhythm a truly affecting and touching production."
"The [Scoring History] series is quite unlike any the [Vanbrugh] quartet was involved with in its nearly 30-year relationship with RTÉ. It was given in conjunction with the Belfast composer Ian Wilson, now resident in Cork. Wilson turns 50 this month, and has a tally of 15 quartets to his name. With him as curator, the series amounted to an idiosyncratic survey of the string quartet, built around a selection of his own work.
Wilson talks engagingly about music, and is one of those composers with the knack of making you see why a particular idea caught hold of him and led to the writing of a particular piece. His spoken introductions to the music were spot-on. He communicated as easily about the other music on offer as about his own.
I got to three of the concerts, from which the standout among Wilson's works was the new Alluvio, a response to the flooding in Cork earlier this year, in a series of morphing patterns, from light to threatening and disturbing, with off-centre, microtonal tension."
"Ian Wilson, introducing his 15th string quartet, ‘Alluvio', spoke of his close relationship with the Vanbrugh Quartet, praised in particular their willingness to experiment and their absolute dedication to getting into the heart and soul of the music they are playing...
I was sufficiently captivated by the imaginative sounds, sequences and effects [in ‘Alluvio'] to want to hear them again."
"Camerata added another world premiere to its portfolio treasury with a gift from Irish composer Ian Wilson. Inspired by the Himalayan visions of poet Tony Curtis, Three Songs of Home for trio was an evening highlight characterized by spaciousness, spare melodic figures, repetition, and mystery."
"...I myself felt increasingly challenged as I began to question my role in the piece. Was I audience or witness, or was the choir my voice as I sat in the space? Teampall Fuaime was a strong and challenging piece and I commend Cork Chamber Choir for their whole-hearted engagement and accomplished delivery."
Irish Examiner, 7th May 2014. Cork Chamber Choir, Cork Internatioal Choral Festival, Triskel Christchurch Cork.
"With the unusual diversity in his orchestration for strings, composer Ian Wilson defies old habits and opens a path to multi-layered, rule-breaking activities. [Conductor] Ruben Gazarian fine-tuned the Wuerttemberg Chamber Orchestra to this unusual sound world...This chamber opera is musically and theatrically a very special endeavor."
"Ian Wilson has the ambition to develop a new musical language for each work...With that he has fully succeeded in "Minsk"... He creates a sound which demonstrates homogeneity despite all the different materials ... ideal stage music."
"[Wilson] retrieves astonishingly differentiated sound colours from the strings divided into many parts...it is easily approachable."
"Ian Wilson supports with his composition for strings the [production's] feeling for dreamscapes. His music serves the libretto well. Extensively layered strings, interrupted by nervous interjections and rhythmical phrases from the first violins or deep basses, accompany the three singers. Even the percussion contributes to the lucid sound pattern. [...] The audience applauded at length (unusual for contemporary opera) for the singers, director and musicians."
"Ruben Gazarian's Württemberg Chamber Orchestra Heilbronn unfolds the score of Northern Irish composer Ian Wilson with surprising rhythmic incisiveness. Minimal and world music, Bartok and Britten converge. A nervous rumbling subway soundtrack symbolizes the nervous feverishness of the city, sadly beautiful cantilenas represent feelings torn between two cultures.
Wilson had actually planned a folkloristic instrumentation with accordion and balalaika. But this premiere version for string orchestra developed its own distinctive charm."
"A CENTURY ago American pioneer Charles Ives was imitating the sound of marching bands in his music.
In Flags and Emblems, a new Ulster Orchestra commission, Belfast composer Ian Wilson went one better, by involving a real band (the Ballygowan Flute) in the performance.
At the Whitla Hall premiere, the Ballygowan sat on the left of the floor area accommodating most of the players, with the Ulster Orchestra (minus strings) opposite, and pianist Matthew Schellhorn in between. It was a striking spectacle, with a large battery of percussion ranged onstage, and the crimson Ballygowan uniforms contrasted graphically with the traditional stage-black of the orchestra.
Wilson used band, orchestra and soloist in shifting combinations, and occasionally together. Making his conducting debut with the Ulster Orchestra, Wilson drew a predictably tight, assured performance from the players, confirming that Flags and Emblems is an innovative, vividly imagined piece, worthy of repeat performances."
Belfast Telegraph, 31st October 2012. Matthew Schellhorn, Ulster Orchestra, Ballygowan Flute Band, conducted by Ian Wilson. Belfast Festival at Queen's/UK.
"Irish guitarist Michael O'Toole joined the Carducci Quartet for the world premiere of Belfast composer Ian Wilson's Stille, nacht, a 'night piece inspired by the constellated sky and the idea of gathering darkness'.
Reminiscent of Britten's Nocturnal, the piece also, oddly, recalls Haydn's Farewell Symphony in its strategy of gradually withdrawing content ('taking away', as Wilson puts it) from the music's substance as it progresses. The impression of an ink-black firmament, lonely stars twinkling in the isolated immensity of outer space, is palpable at the work's conclusion."
"Snape Maltings - the quaintly majestic performance centre in the village of Snape, inland from Aldeburgh on the Suffolk coast - is the home of the Aldeburgh Festival, founded by Benjamin Britten in 1948. Faster Than Sound, the festival's speculative strand, brings artists together to work on a project for a week, culminating in a performance in one of the Maltings's smaller venues.
I Burn For You, a music theatre reimagining of Bram Stoker's Dracula, was conceived by composer Ian Wilson, around the casting of Hungarian vocalist Attila Csihar in the lead role. An obvious enough proposition, perhaps, but with the addition of vocalists Elaine Mitchener and Phil Minton (as ‘Doctor', the Van Helsing role) and improvising musicians David Toop, Clive Bell and Cathal Roche, it takes on an unexpected dimension.
While Csihar, with his accent and penchant for the macabre, is completely believable as the Vampyre, there's also a campness to his performance which recalls his time spent in corpse paint and costumes for Metal projects. Yet the musicians help to counterbalance this, adding gravitas to his hisses, snarls and stretched groans. Bell, who also plays shakuhachi and accordion, is particularly affecting on khene, or Laotian mouth organ. Its mellow tone has none of the shrillness of a harmonica, and his duet with saxophonist Roche on baritone was particularly lovely; as was their shakuhachi and soprano sax duet. Toop, sitting behind an array of devices, is at times an aural fog machine, laying down a bed of atmosphere for the two melodic leads. But he also leads the dramatic climax with a distorted electric guitar, or accentuates depth with percussion.
Mitchener is riveting as Woman: her pure, clean tones are at once controlled and exploratory, sliding up and down the register. When Minton enters the stage, the duo deliver contrasting dynamics. At first he echoes her, voices twining, but moves into a touch of Appalachian yodelling and bubbling hiccups. Minton may be the more versatile of the two, but is at his least enjoyable when he plays it straight, sounding almost like a ham actor on the West End stage.
With two screens but a minimal set, I Burn For You is a model of economy. The projections do the work of setting the scene, but only by suggestion: large, static shots of the sea, a field of wheat, a cluster of thorny branches or gravestones. Economy could be a theme through the night, and the entire performance lasted only 50 minutes. But the succinctness did not detract from the story, which is well known anyway. Indeed, it felt like a rich, if scaled-down, operatic experience, which left the viewer wanting more."
“The Ulster Orchestra marked the Titanic centenary with the premiere of its specially-commissioned piece from Belfast-born composer Ian Wilson.
In his pre-concert interview the composer sought to distance himself from a specifically programmatic design to his new work – entitled ‘The stars, the seas’ – it was an unnecessary precaution. The work itself deftly followed a colour-coded Titanic narrative which in no way detracted from the natural flow of the musical conception, sensitively directed by conductor Paul Watkins.
The five-section structure moved from the clear textured, rhythmically motivated Build/Launch/Forward sections, climaxing, subsiding and transiting into the central core setting of Helen Pizzey’s ‘No sun, no moon’, which Cappella Caeciliana sang with clarity and balance. It was the final ambiance of the last two sections which proved most effective in portraying the ghost-like aural images of the ship.
Some typically imaginative orchestral touches, such as the echo of the ship’s horn, added a special colour to the evocative atmospheres engendered in Ian’s successful new piece.”
Rathcol, Belfast Telegraph, 18th February 2012 (4 stars). Ulster Orchestra, Cappella Caeciliana, conducted by Paul Watkins, Ulster Hall, Belfast/UK.
"The Book of Ways, by the outgoing festival director Ian Wilson, had a sense of unwavering purpose in the most intriguingly idiosyncratic way: Saxophonist Cathal Roche, through sustained and delicately textured improvisation, became a central, constant force around which the RTÉ Vanbrugh Quartet orbited, creating a filigree of out-of-focus gestures."
"[Tom] Creed also directed Una Santa Oscura at the Smock Alley Theatre, a remarkable piece that has grown in my memory. From the disparate inspirations of the writings of 12th-century saint Hildegard of Bingen and neurologist Oliver Sacks on migraine, Creed fashioned a wordless piece in which the primary "language" was that of Ian Wilson's violin score, as played by Ioana Petcu-Colan against electronic soundscapes and video projections. We watched Petcu-Colan pottering around her flat, fixing a meal but repeatedly interrupted by memories and migraine alike. At times, as the character recalled the failed relationship that left her pregnant, the violin and electronica assumed an elegiac tone against a backdrop of blurred cityscapes; at others, a rapid, agitated squeaking accompanied flashing visual geometries. I was surprised how easily "readable", and how deeply, the piece proved to be." (Four Stars)
Financial Times, 12th October 2010. Ioana Petcu-Colan, violin, Tom Creed, director, Dublin Theatre Festival/IR.
"Described by creator Ian Wilson as ‘acoustic theatre,' this work seems enigmatic at first glance. Dubbed by the Festival programme as truly original and a memorable experience, it does much to live up to this expectation.
The audience looks onto the sparse living space of a young woman. No words are spoken throughout the work, yet the sometimes harrowing, sometimes soothing line of the violin gives evocative expression to the protagonist's thoughts and feelings. The soundscape and visuals reflect these introspective motions as a day passes in front of us; at times dark and troubled, at others light and nostalgic, we move from day break, to memories of the beach, and finally to rest as the starry night quietens the city.
A tribute to the 12th century musician and abbess Hildegard von Bingen, this singularly beautiful work explores the theme of seclusion. The slow paced action and musical narrative, at most only suggestive, gives the audience a rare amount of utterly subjective mental space for meditative and individual interpretation.
In Santa‘s more obtuse moments this threatens to become a burden rather than a privelege. But as the protagonist is lulled to sleep by her final consonant, lullaby melodies, so too does a sense of resolution fall on the dissonance of before.
"Just what kind of a person was Hildegard von Bingen? Was she, as history records, a devout 12th Century anchoress and mystic, cloistered not only in her abbey, but also in her devotional music compositions and frequent ethereal visions? Or can we make the case for a tortured shut-in, expressing herself in erratic fits and starts; somebody whom the neurologist Oliver Sacks would later diagnose as having one of history’s most famous migraines? Ian Wilson’s Una Santa Oscura, a fragmentary composition for violin embedded in an ambient burble of electronic soundscapes and realised for stage performance by director Tom Creed, suggests that Hildegard was all of the above.
It’s no easy feat to fold a relatively obscure figure from antiquity into a contemporary setting, to parallel her spiritual vesselhood with a portrait of modern isolation. It’s no easier to combine an elliptical violin sonata with a coherent theatrical narrative. (It’s “like an opera without singers,” went one blurb, as though struggling to articulate this mysterious new form of wordless music performance.) The great strength of Una Santa Oscura, rather fittingly, is its faith in performance. This is evident in the absorbing presence of violinist Ioana Petcu-Colan, a lyrical player who pads around Ciarán O’Melia’s bedsit set in her socks, moving gingerly between a partially concealed kitchen at one end and a ruffled duvet at the other, before fetching her instrument – with pronounced scepticism – from the top of a fridge. But it’s also there in the production’s collision of music, stage aesthetic and action, with each party asked to complete the work of the other through a shared belief in harmony.
That it doesn’t entirely cohere, leaving the impression that none of the elements are finished, resembles the inverse of Hildegard’s own problem. Where she struggled to give explanations to her visions, here it’s the other way around. “Everything from what the violin soloist wears… to the sonic and visual props on stage and of course the actual music she performs, relates in some way to Hildegard’s life and context,” the programme informs us, stretching the concept still further with references from ethnomusicology to Sacks’s treatise on migraines. Can these various strands be untangled? More attentive ears might be able trace the inheritance of Hildegard’s gossamer monody, 'Ave Maria O Autrix Vite', in Wilson’s electronically generated recording (in collaboration with John Greenwood and Stephen McCourt), but even experts may puzzle over the significance of, say, Petcu-Colan’s socks.
At under an hour, the performance is carefully encoded, like a religious text that awaits interpretation or an hallucination full of locked meanings. Few will fail to appreciate the parallels that O’Melia’s design draws between anchorage and the urb an prison of a dismal bedsit, however, which he somehow lights beautifully with a passage through a single day, adding stylised flickers of spiritual visitation. And as Petcu-Colan produces soft and transporting phrases with her bow that cede randomly to abrasive, unsettling scratches, the expression of both mystic and musician seems engagingly unpredictable – the fruits of uncertain muses.
Accompanied by Jack Phelan’s video design, which daubs the walls with images of urban development (cranes and cityscapes) and misty remembrances (a beach-side walk of distended details, glimpsed while a photo is retrieved from a book), Petcu-Colan’s narrative wavers in and out of our comprehension. It’s as though the makers know that their work functions best as the level of abstraction, yet nobody can bring themselves to bury the evidence of their dramaturgy.
When we are allowed to succumb to the experience, without feeling it necessary to chase various clues back to their sources, Wilson’s languorous themes and repeated phrases become more transportative. Over a rippling pond of digital loops, they sound a subtle emulation of the rapture of inspiration and incantation. Whether Phelan’s later projected images of a constellation of pinpricks lights allude to the “extinguished stars” of Hildegard’s visions, or the “migraine aura” so carefully outlined by Oliver Sacks, the loose connection of sound and vision begins to feel like an unresolved equation.
That could be the point. With its disjointed moments and elusive referents, this impressionistic collaboration allows us to construct our own Hildegard and arrive at a wilderness of interpretations. Her experiences, and our responses, can register with the force of anything from divine inspiration to a throbbing headache."
Irish Theatre Magazine, Peter Crawley, 11th March 2010. Ioana Petcu-Colan, violin, Tom Creed, director, Project Arts Centre, Dublin/IR.
"This was the premiere of an onion piece, a multi-disciplinary composition with layers to peel away revealing different things.
The innermost layer is new and thoughtful music for violin and tape by Belfast-born Ian Wilson. The piece’s main inspiration – and the next layer of the onion – is the eponymous “obscure saint”, Hildegard of Bingen – 12th-century abbess, visionary, composer, scientist, writer, and philosopher. Seven of its 13 short movements have the religious titles “Devotional” and “Visionary”, and three more are called “Interlude”. The remaining three have narrative titles whose connection to the life of Hildegard is alluded to but not spelt out: “Tirade”, “Intense Love”, and “Near Death Experience”.
More layers: first, that this is Hildegard through the filter of Oliver Sacks – doctor, neurologist and author, who suggested in a 1970 collection of case studies called Migraine that her visions were headache-induced – and, second, that this is music theatre. Director Tom Creed and designer Ciarán O’Melia set the wordless action in a spartan bed-sit that resonates with the abbess’s cell.
As the piece opens, the soloist Ioana Petcu-Colan eyes her violin sitting atop the fridge. The tape runs – quiet but not altogether at ease, with electronically manipulated samples, mostly from the violin. She eventually, hesitantly plays an innocent little figure. From that moment all the layers are in train together.
Petcu-Colan is asked to do almost everything and almost nothing. In other words, she alone must carry the whole piece, and yet the staging asks for no great dramatic input. Throughout this spectrum she is commanding, as she is with her instrument, so that the whole, multilayered experience strikes a successful balance between the perplexing and the moving."
"By contrast, entirely successful was Ian Wilson’s highly concentrated and delicately clustery settings of Irish translations from the Song of Solomon. It featured a lyrical solo from soprano Deirdre Moynihan and, with the Stanford, was the concert highlight."
The Irish Times (Michael Dungan), 7th December 2009. National Chamber Choir of Ireland, soloist Deirdre Moynihan, conductor Paul Hillier, St Anne's Church, Dawson Street, Dublin/IR.
"Wilson’s piece is, essentially, a transcription of the solo part from Sullen earth, for violin and orchestra, a piece I have written sleevenotes for. Without the orchestra gluing the disparate elements of the solo line together one might expect Mürrische Erde to run into problems. On the contrary. Maybe it was a consequence of hearing the piece live (something that hasn’t been possible with Sullen earth). No doubt it was something to do with Magyar’s performance – which in this piece found an electrifying delicacy – but for me it worked even better. My lasting impression was of half-developed photographs hung on a line, and a cold draft blowing. There are, beneath the surface fragmentation of this score, fragile connections in terms of favoured intervals, rhythms and figurations. The components of melody, in fact. But at what point does melody stretch too far and break like a string of pearls? Just as one wonders whether Wilson has crossed that line, he introduces the simplicity of a medieval French folk tune, which Magyar played absolutely straight. As, in that moment, everything mystifyingly came together, you could have heard a pin drop."
The Rambler website, Tim Rutherford-Johnson, 3rd December 2009. Eniko Magyar, St John's, Smith Square, London/UK.
"Of the four composers represented in this concert, Ian Wilson is probably the best-known in London, even if his music is still only infrequently performed here. Drive (1992) and Spilliaert’s Beach (1999) are relatively early pieces that don’t immediately anticipate the turns taken by his later music, but there are common elements of harmonic language and melodic fluency. I was especially struck by McHale’s playing in Drive, which extracted an almost lounge-jazzy feel from some of the piano chords that I hadn’t heard before but rather liked as evidence of Wilson’s mellifluous style, open to a wide range of influences and able to accommodate them all without descending to easy eclecticism."
"...In contrast, works by Henze and Belfast’s Ian Wilson sought simply to express things within the constraints of a single instrument. Strictly speaking, Ian Wilson’s 2004 Schattentiefe (“Deep Shadow”, in a shortened revision from 2008) is not unaccompanied since, in keeping with the central idea of Wilson’s “Shadow” pieces, the work’s second half features the soloist playing alongside a recording of his performance of the first. How well this worked, the instrument’s wide range exploited and stretched so that the elephant’s voice complemented rarer, more delicate utterances using high registers and halo-edged harmonics, all expressively achieved – as throughout this recital – by Robinson, the work’s dedicatee."
"...is a single-movement work that seems to look back to slow, lyrical post-war music of Shostakovich and others. This makes sense because the music looks back in remembrance of lives lost on 9/11. Towards the end, solemn, hushed, 4-part chorales look back even further in music history in a way that is deeply moving."
"Matthew Schellhorn gave a sensitive first complete performance...This collection of distilled impressions is emotional rather than pictorial - it's a sound world of ambience and intimation."
"Schellhorn's performance of the work is assured and definite in its direction, giving life to Wilson's music with a surprisingly colourful and unifying rendition of all fourteen movements. Thematic pillars become clear and musical continuity is certainly achieved throughout the 65 minute work, bringing all elements together with confidence."
"...But, curiously, the rarely disturbed stillness of Ian Wilson’s Spilliaert’s Beach (inspired by Léon Spilliaert’s painting Moonlight Beach), with its violin lines falling quietly into chordal pools, sounded more purely impressionist than the sonatas by Debussy and Ravel that framed it."
The Irish Times, 27th March 2009. Catherine Leonard and Warren Jones, National Concert Hall, Dublin/IR.
"If anyone had any doubt about the contribution of Music Network’s touring programmes to Irish musical life, the Badke Quartet’s 11-stop tour has some of the answers. Music Network has always encouraged performers to include Irish works in their programmes. And Ian Wilson, currently the most prolific Irish composer of string quartets, has benefitted greatly from this policy.
His First String Quartet, Winter’s Edge , commissioned for, as well as premiered, toured and recorded by the RTÉ Vanbrugh Quartet, has been taken up by a number of quartets’ Network tours. By the time the Badkes have finished, Winter’s Edge will have achieved some 40 performances in Ireland since its 1993 premiere.
The quartet, inspired by “the idea of Redemption as exemplified in the life of St Paul” is gesturally strong, and imaginatively resourceful in its handling of string quartet colours and textures. The Badkes delivered it with focused energy and lyricism, with Eniko Magyar’s long viola solo near the start being particularly memorable. And yet, every time I hear the piece, I stumble at the extended evocation of part of the Danse sacrale from Stravinsky’s Rite of Spring . The borrowing does not explain itself, and it’s just too large to ignore."
"What sounded like the slow shunting of train carriages rumbled the walls of the theatre as shafts of light strafed the crowd, transporting the audience to the tundra. This was a polished, considered work by Triptych, featuring music by Ian Wilson and an enormously disciplined performance by Anne Gilpin.
With no dialogue, she shaped a loose narrative of isolation and pursuit, displacement and migration, under unforgiving lighting (designed by Conleth White) which drifted from aggressive reds to laconic blues, and the unsettled audience was left largely to draw its own conclusions. Frequent trumpet bursts from Mark O'Keeffe punctuated the musical drift.
The ramshackle venue of the Empty Space was in tune with the piece, but, as movements began and ended with Gilpin on the floor, the lack of tiered seating was an oversight. This, though, was an elegantly controlled performance; Gilpin imbued some of the movements with an almost glacial pace and gravity that was enormously impressive."
Irish Times, 9th September 2008. Anne Gilpin, dancer, Mark O'Keeffe, trumpeter, Conleth White, lighting, Dublin Fringe Festival, The Empty Space, Dublin/IR.
"Although not entirely representative of this composer’s personal aesthetic, the work does display all the craftsmanship, architectonic sense and subtle ear for colour that those who know his work have come to expect."
"...the Belfast-born composer Ian Wilson had written a “setting” of the Gabriel Garcia Márquez short story, The Handsomest Drowned Man in the World.
With Gavin Friday as narrator, it received its UK premiere in a packed Corn Exchange: sand-ripples of meandering lines and sea-sprays of song and tremolo, in a cunning score that never upstaged, but was as impassioned as the words themselves.
The programme, which totals barely an hour's listening, is calculated less to appeal than to challenge. John Harbison's relentlessly objective Piano Quintet (1981) creates an emotional hunger that's more than satisfied by Wilson's richly subjective Messenger (1999/2006).
Originally scored for full orchestra, this four-movement violin concerto was given its first performance by Leonard in 2001. Now condensed for 13 instruments, the latest version reduces the forces, but not their intense effectiveness. It's a memorable piece for many reasons, but especially for strongly idiomatic solo writing that places the traditional virtuosities - gliding position changes, cantilenas, trills, double stops and dazzling passages - in newly poignant surroundings. Wilson can be optimistic that it will be more widely taken up. How many violinists will bring the solo part nearer to perfection than Leonard does is harder to predict."
"The Wigmore Hall was also the penultimate stop on California-based Camerata Pacifica’s seven-stop tour (2 May), featuring an arrangement for violin and 13 instruments of Messenger, the violin concerto by Irish composer Ian Wilson (b. 1964). Soloist Catherine Leonard weaved her way through a demanding and diverse role in a thoughtful and committed performance. But more impressive was the impact of the piece itself, with its brilliantly scored Ravelian evocation of darkly tinged childhood innocence in the second movement. At 30 minutes, Messenger is a substantial work and one that any enlightened violinist would surely want in their armoury. A smaller-scale Camerata had already impressed in the Piano Quintet by John Harbison at the opening of the concert, but Wilson’s piece was more compelling.
"...the astringency and density of Wilson's concerto, "Messenger," flows from the composer's firsthand war experiences such as the 1999 airstrikes in Belgrade, Serbia. In the brooding account, sliding glissandi conjured dark visions of falling bombs, while compact textures evoked tense atmospheres. Through these dissonant sound blocks weaved the focused violin of Catherine Leonard, emerging like a lone voice amid remorseless terror. A lullaby in the second movement came off more gritty than soothing, and little light came into a more quiescent finale.
Pianist Warren Jones's rhapsodic account of Brahms's E-flat Intermezzo from Op. 117 accentuated the ability of Wilson to paint emotional calm amid storm and stress.
“…Glazunov exploited [the different instruments’] colours and characters with deep insight. In this quality he was matched and I think surpassed by Irish composer Ian Wilson in his Ghosts, written in 2006 for the Amstel Quartet who, in a spoken introduction, paid a warm tribute to the Belfast man. The first of the two movements is driven by intense fanfares whose urgency makes them more like alarms. The slow second movement contains languid echoes of these alarms, out of which grows the nebulous atmosphere in which the eponymous ghosts make their fleeting, chilling (and not “spooky”) presence felt, with the eerie voices of multiphonics coming into play. This is captivating, beautifully crafted music which the Amstel performed around the world prior to giving this, the Irish premiere.”
“…Ian Wilson’s fantastic “Cassini Void”, a work for chamber ensemble that brilliantly ended the evening and still resonates in this listener’s mind. What are most remarkable in Mr. Wilson’s piece are original combinations of sound - harpsichord, harp, muted trumpet and trombone, percussion and bass combinations, for example - and the physicality asked of the players. The clarinetist, as protagonist, is literally approached by the violist and other instruments in a musical face-off. It was clear by the high quality of this performance that the players were not just a freelance, random selection. This was the stellar Argento Chamber Ensemble, who can be counted among the three elite, superb groups of its kind in the city.”
“Wilson’s music - now watery and pictorial, now expressive of psychological states, now mysterious and abstract - uncannily captured the story’s strangely winning mix of the macabre and the beautiful, ending with exactly the warm, weird kind of happiness that the author seems to have intended. Entirely in tune with the atmosphere was the narrator Gavin Friday, who revealed in his deep, breathy delivery a twinkling appetite for the morbid as well as an appreciation for the positive human outcome of the story.”
Michael Dungan, Irish Times. October 6th 2007. Gavin Friday, Carol McGonnell, Catherine Leonard, Guy Johnston, Finghin Collins. National Gallery of Ireland, Dublin.
“[The Carducci Quartet] were at their most impressive in Ian Wilson’s unbroken white line, an adaptation of music originally for saxophone quartet and a piece which only briefly steps out of its aggressive moto-perpetuo manner. They presented it as good, old-fashioned, jagged, dissonant modernism, with moments that seemed to emerge straight out of the world of Bartók.”
Michael Dervan, Irish Times. September 18th 2007. Carducci Quartet Festival, CIT Cork School of Music.
“Ian Wilson, like Marshall and Bennett, relished the sonorities available from a wind ensemble and his work needs more hearings to be appreciated fully. At first hearing it is taut, athletic music of serious intent.”
“This was the premiere of Ian Wilson’s re:play, the second of this year’s new works at the West Cork Chamber Music Festival. It’s a septet that brings together an improvising saxophonist (Cathal Roche), a pianist (Hugh Tinney), a double bassist (Malachy Robinson) and a string quartet (the RTE Vanbrugh Quartet). Wilson lists the sources of inspiration as Roche’s saxophone playing and lines from Samuel Beckett’s Play, which the composer mined ”for melodic and rhythmic material”. The process may sound abstract but the results are anything but dry. The music is rhythmically giddy, and the use of microtones to explore between the cracks of conventional scales helps to create a floating, almost light-headed effect. Think of an atmosphere that’s at once everyday and familiar, but also disorientingly different, like those peculiarly heightened versions of reality that certain film directors create so well - think David Cronenberg or David Lynch. In Wilson’s world there are whiffs of nightclubs, of Astor Piazzolla, suggestions of Conlon Nancarrow, and this droll and slippery piece, which seemed as much fun to play as it was to listen to, also makes a feature of weaving comfortably in and out of improvisation.”
“The extraordinarily hard-working Vanbrugh [Quartet], at the top of their form, scared me with the world premiere of Ian Wilson’s “re:play”, which also called for saxophone (Cathal Roche), piano (Hugh Tinney) and double bass (Malachy Robinson). This mixture of modern jazz and art music had no boundaries and, while full of tension, was most exciting.”
“The concerto gives us the heroic image of a single player, bravely making a musical statement with a huge orchestra behind and an even bigger audience in front. On friday night, Catherine Leonard gave this image new meaning whe she performed the premiere of Ian Wilson’s “Messenger” Concerto for Violin and Chamber Ensemble. Not only did she play brilliantly, but the music’s own imagery - that of a frightened family anticipating, and then fleeing, the NATO bombardment of Belgrade in 1999 - came through in vivid colours. Wilson wrote the first movement of the concerto in the days leading up to the bombing, the second movement just after the birth of his son, and the third and fourth after the Wilson family had fled to Northern Ireland. The first movement began coherently, with clear melodies and ominous rumblings which then gave way to nearly hysterical fear. In contrast, the lullaby in the second movement didn’t become clear until the end; it’s then that you recognize the terrified parents calming their newborn son. The third movement was full of drive and industry, but the fourth kept returning to a single note (a high B) over and over again, making a sound like a cardiac monitor when the patient flatlines.”
“…a setting of a superficially childish but in fact rather macabre little poem by the Expressionist painter Oskar Kokoschka…is thoroughly engaging in its dismantling of the text down to individual syllables and phonetic units, and in its ear-opening exploration of the special sonorities on offer. Alongside everything technically interesting was the constant presence of both the text and its underlying themes of violence, death and – more obtusely – sex. …The performance aroused a strong sense of occasion, of being witness to something rare.”
Michael Dungan, Irish Times. 3rd June 2006. National Chamber Choir of Ireland, Rascher Saxophone Quartet, cond. Celso Antunes.
“…a striking addition to Wilson’s already copious orchestral output …bright, clean orchestral sound, punctuated by splashes of colour …Wilson’s reputation for technical resourcefulness is evidenced in his efficient use of material, and well-measured sense of pace.”
Fergal Dowling, Journal of Music in Ireland (JMI), Nov/Dec 2005. 16th September 2005, National Symphony Orchestra of Ireland, cond. Gerhard Markson.
“The music engages vividly with the poetry’s successive images…this extended work shows its composer’s characteristic technical command and manipulation of orchestral sound…there is no denying Wilson’s ability to conceive ideas that hold one’s attention, that connect, that show humane sensibility, and that demand to be taken seriously.”
“Collaborations between artists of diverse disciplines are often judged on their ability to coalesce. We determine the success of common ground found in pre-production artistic dialogue by what we can spot on opening night: a dancer’s sweeping arm in time with a similar musical gesture, or dark visual images reflected in comparable musical tonal colours. But common ground is often a barren place. Shared strengths can also be shared weaknesses and the richness in collaboration comes not in affirming what you know but learning what you don’t. Skin could be a dance performance by Jenny Roche backed by a musical score by Ian Wilson and featuring video images by Ian Joyce. Instead they have dismantled performance hierarchies and conventions to create a space where all three contributions are equal but still self-serving partners. The audience is seated on two sides of a square dance floor with white fabric video screens on either side. Opening video projections are of forests, clouds and craters, setting off thoughts of skin and surfaces, but as the images flick from one screen to the other to fragile, vibrato-less high cello notes, finding meaning gets overruled by just experiencing. In seeking to depict “a world of inner contemplation and an outer world of instability and change”, the individual voices speak clearly. Wilson’s episodic score is in the gap between improvisational intimacy and showmanship, as he flits between techniques that reflect the constantly changing visuals. When Roche dances, the impetus seems to be from within, although her gaze looks out far beyond the walls of Project. And the tiniest shift of energy in one part of her body causes movement in another, like a mobile. Similarly, Joyce’s images reflect the innocence of daisy chains held up in the wind alongside the tragic reality of flooded villages. Maintaining these individual voices strengthens the overall message, like cross-party politicians suddenly agreeing on something. And we leave, not bolstered by one message, but by the richness of difference in how these artists choose to speak to us.”
“The work by Irish composer Ian Wilson was perhaps the most intimate and lyrical piece of the weekend.”
“The mood of the piece is one of foreboding, punctuated with heavy, percussive convulsions, with chords of low, threatening brass, like a barely contained braying… David Brophy kept [the work] on an appropriately firm and threatening trajectory.”
The Irish Times, October 16th 2006. RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra of Ireland, cond. David Brophy. National Concert Hall, Dublin.
“… the entire evening from the performance point of view unfolded under the banner of concentration: …in the timbric essentiality of ‘Licht/ung’ by Ian Wilson, who does not forego the clarity of invention even amid the tension - quite openly dramatic at times - of the sonorous gestures… All the pieces were cordially applauded by the Teatro Malibran audience, and Wilson’s work with particular warmth.”
How can you measure modern compositional thought using an object [the orchestra] which is now historicized and which no longer provides opportunities for seeking new sounds? Is it necessary to pursue something original or, as the Irish composer Ian Wilson maintains, is it only necessary to seek to express what you are?
“…lonely and remote, with shimmering harmonics like troubled sighs…the overall effect was both mesmeric and haunting in Leonard’s intensely thoughtful performance.”
“We can hopefully look forward to more additions to the Unterwelt series; these two pieces already point towards a set with strong group identity, but also a group of individuals.”
Let no one believe he can always enjoy himself passively at the opera. No: during the premier of Ian Wilson’s “Hamelin” (libretto: Lavinia Greenlaw) at the provincial theatre interaction was demanded. There was free beer, leaflets, and those in the front rows had to be “extras” or they became scenery.
Producer Christian Marten-Molnar had had built, by decor and costume director Hans Jurgen Baumhofner, a podium in the middle of the Flensburg studio. Around this sat the audience as at a boxing match or in a disco; on TV monitors clips of pop stars like Britney Spears and subsequently live excerpts of the performance itself could be seen.
Antje Bitterlich brings great power to her role and shows the development from the shy outsider to the confident woman, contributing to this with many nuances of her beautiful soprano voice. Markus Wessiack (Bass) and Harald Quaaden (Tenor) are complete slobs oppressively tormenting and amusing at the same time, but always vocally at their best. Wilson ’s music which the small orchestra under the leadership of Theo Saye plays effectively, contains virtually all the techniques of modern composing; it is at the same time extremely catchy and always oriented towards the action. A flute symbolically reminds us of the piper. The remaining players with violin, guitar, harp, clarinet, double bass and percussion makes possible a filigree web of sound.
Ian Wilson’s “Hamelin” is a multilayered lesson in power manipulation and the media composed and produced in such a way as to produce a great effect.
The provincial theatre of Schleswig-Holstein has, at least in miniature, taken a serious step forward in the affairs of new musical theatre.
… the theatre manager Michael Grosse was able to celebrate on Friday, on the little stage in Flensburg, the German language premiere of “Hamelin”; this is a concise chamber opera lasting one and a half hours by the Irish composer Ian Wilson (present at the performance), and the London librettist Lavinia Greenlaw. The libretto, translated into German by the Swiss lyricist Raphael Urweider, is characterised by a compact dialogue structure.
The town from which the ominous” piper” has enticed away not only the rats but also the children is represented by two dignitaries suffering from very guilty consciences and correspondingly repressed behaviour, and by a disabled girl. She couldn’t follow the piper quickly enough.
Ian Wilson has concentrated her effusive but disillusioned monologue into a remarkable and ambitious vocal flow to which the soprano Antje Bitterlich did justice in bravura fashion. Indeed, the vocal parts intermingled in an artistic garrulousness. At times this meant that they were not easily comprehensible; yet they had an atmospheric vividness. The work had its strongest moments when it turned into a grotesque and in contrast to the basic honesty of the girl, with Monty Python-like sharpness an opportunity for middle class political humour was given to the arch comedian and splendid juggler of voice, the bass Markus Wessiack (Doctor) and his slightly paler tenor partner Harald Quaaden (Mayor).
Christian Marten-Molnar the director is to be congratulated on the speed with which the action took place on the smallest of stages; he was enabled also by the provision of hanging TV monitors to blend together the Pied Piper MTV and the Hollywood ideals of the girl into a cheap local TV.
“…an inspired collaboration between composer Ian Wilson and installationist Ian Joyce…a mesmeric integration…often heart-stopping music…you couldn’t close your eyes…in the centre of the church spun Joyce’s shroud-like vertical tomb of swaying, rotating linen panels…”
“As much as I admired the Vanbrugh Quartet’s recording of his String Quartets, I hadn’t expected Wilson’s orchestral writing to be this powerful. As he explained in his pre-Prom interview, he was playing on both definitions of the title – the Portuguese jellyfish and the naval vessel – hoping to convey a sense of threat. It worked…I found ‘Man-o’-War’ both extremely disturbing and technically impressive… Wilson’s talent is an exciting one. Let’s hope his next commission is for a much longer piece. I can’t wait.”
“[The work’s] terse concentration, technical economy and command of sharply focused gesture were all strikingly impressive.”
“…a ten-minute tone poem attempting to evoke both the warship and the poisonous jellyfish of the title, and doing so by means of a darkly colourful, often quite hefty, orchestral style. The instrumental sections were dramatically demarcated on the platform, the textures could not have been clearer. Brass and low woodwind dominated with rich, glowering sonorities, outright snarliness and a striking tuba solo midway. Lower strings sometimes created a treading-water effect; while Wilson’s penchant for quarter-tones allowed the strings as a whole to produce ripples of subtle dissonance that washed back over the orchestra like a polluted tide.”
“One associates the concert harp with lush arpeggios and rich glissandi, but nothing could be sparer than Ian Wilson’s new work, ‘In blue sea or sky’. It alters its harmonies so frequently that there is no time to linger over passing concordances, which end with single notes disappearing off the top of the instrument’s range. The title refers to pictures by Cy Twombly, in which it is not clear whether the ostensible subjects, boats, are floating in the sea or the sky. The music moves between the two elements with easy freedom; nothing much happens, the movement is all.”
“Ian Wilson’s ‘Abyssal’ may have been often light in texture and spare of notes, but it was also overwhelmingly heavy of message. Its spaced-out, falling lines seem to tell not only of sighing and of keening, but also of burdens not quite lifted, agonies not quite suppressed. Stark and emotionally direct in its exploitation of quarter tones, it represents a recent and extremely impressive dark turn in the composer’s output.”
“Wilson is a composer who, understandably, finds that texts suitable for setting to music are rare. His approach to Frank Sewell’s translation of a love poem by Cathal O’Searcaigh is clear and immediate, his response to the text sensitive and exact.”
“…violinist Rebecca Hirsch and the BBC National Orchestra of Wales introduced something that would certainly stand repetition: Ian Wilson’s compact, one-movement violin concerto, ‘An angel serves a small breakfast’. The title comes from a painting by Paul Klee. Perhaps comparison with Klee’s whimsical imagery night add new dimensions of meaning; perhaps not. But this exquisitely lyrical and remarkably single-minded piece came over well enough on its own terms. Troubled, yet at the same time beguiling, Wilson’s concerto occasionally echoed the long-breathed, sweet-and-sour melodic writing of Berg, and perhaps Szymanowski, but it never sounded derivative or unsure of itself.”
“In this highly personal work, the four movements (’Messages’) are influenced by the composer’s experiences, both during the NATO bombardment of Belgrade when he and his family lived there, and subsequently in Ireland. It is, he says, “a testament to fear, anger and determination”. Catherine Leonard was a superb soloist. The violin plays almost all the time and has close relationships with some members of the orchestra, espacially the harp. This solo part calls for the acuity of the chamber musician, as well as an independent personality.
With just over 35 minutes of music, most of it slow, this is a long and predominantly dark piece. It shows the composer’s characteristic blend of crafted detail, concern with form, and disciplined, neo-Romantic expression. The performance was one of the most authoritative premieres I have heard in recent times.”
The Irish Times, 15 January 2001. Catherine Leonard, violin, National Symphony Orchestra of Ireland/Gerhard Markson.
“… the concerto inhabits an unusually subdued world, less a contest of wills between soloist and orchestra than a meditative, joint exploration of half-lit colours and delicate sonorities. The composer launches with a weave of octave-punctuated piano lines, the strings creeping in stealthily to borrow flickers of material from the piano part and sounding faint and remote through the use of metal mutes; it’s a captivating effect. As with any steam of consciousness, there is a risk that the termination will be jarring…perhaps that’s how the composer wants it to be in what is the most impressive work I’ve heard from him.”
“Wilson’s string trio, ‘Phosphorus’, often written in trailing lines and pitting one instrument against the other two, has something of that mode of directness and mood of spirituality that is currently associated with some of the composers of Eastern Europe.”
“The unusual allure of ‘from the Book of Longing’ was inspired by the New Testament account of the temptation of Christ in the desert. Wilson chose a tangled tango to stand for the temptation, with music of slower sensuality around it, and he teases the ear with many evocative moments in which the music seems just about to – but never does – launch into something familiar.”
“Ian Wilson’s ‘Six Days at Jericho’ was a processional piece in which the piano kept up a steady beat and the cello sang above [in] a lyrical line of long notes which tried to break away from the ostinato-like bass. The atmosphere was sombre, but there were moments of illumination, as when the moon shines through a break in the clouds.”
“Wilson’s substantial trio, which plays continuously for around 30 minutes, is direct of gesture, sometimes spare (he’s not afraid to exploit the simplest of ideas), and highly effective in a way that is reminiscent of Messiaen, but without ever really sounding like the great French master’s work.”
“The most rewarding item was the first, Ian Wilson’s ‘I sleep at waking’, a meditation for solo alto saxophone which explored the technical and expressive resources of the instrument.”
“Wilson’s music is always worthy of attention and this exciting new large-scale piece seems set to be one of the most valuable and significant creations of recent years.”
“Wilson has created some wonderfully atmospheric sounds in this piece. His use of the orchestra is completely secure. There were some beautifully evocative quiet passages. The final climax - featuring virtually full organ, then stark hammer blows from the three percussion players, leading to a reposeful conclusion from the strings - was immensely dramatic.”
“An ovation was certainly merited for the opening work, ‘Rise’. This was commissioned for the concert by the university [of Ulster] with the help of the Arts Council [of Northern Ireland]. The composer, Ian Wilson, is one of the most interesting of the batch of Irish composers in their twenties and thirties. He packed a lot into the work’s 10-minute span, pushing the orchestra to its limits with a rich rhythmic structure and complex interplay of sonorities.
Wilson (the university’s first doctor of composition) is a confident composer who, unlike some of his contemporaries who drift into abstraction, is not afraid to confront images. ‘Rise’ had them in abundance: church bells, chimes, the belligerence of a storm, shafts of light penetrating the gloom.
At times, Wilson betrayed the influence of minimalism - the hypnotic repetition of short phrases - but his writing has moved forward from this. The evidence was there to be seen in the brilliant use of orchestral colour. Matthias Bamert conducted with vigour. The piece had a great sense of cohesion, and the orchestra rose magnificently to its challenges.”
“Wilson’s work…was a taut piece of writing which explored the stress lines which run between conflict and calm. The atmosphere of the piece (inspired by Paul’s second letter to Timothy) was best encapsulated in the halting melancholic figure on viola beautifully sustained against a wash of high strings at the opening.
But throughout, the instrumental solos, duets and choruses created a series of striking musical images which dissolved almost cinematically to allow the next image to sweep in; until the final moments when a delicate pianissimo faded to nothing.
The musical language had a direct appeal without being patronising or derivative, and the performance was polished and coherent with each of the players bringing a sense of commitment to the music. It was commissioned with the help of the Arts Council of Northern Ireland which I suspect has backed a winner.”
“From the restrained, and entirely intelligible dissonance of its opening bars, through lyrical phrases in conflict with outer disharmony, to the final, ascending strings pointing to an ethereal beyond, ‘Winter’s Edge’ held the imagination in the firm grasp of the genuine artist.”
“‘Winter’s Edge’ by Ian Wilson opens with such a loud and stunning chord that it seems no music could live up to the possibilities adumbrated there. The second chord, however, sounds a satisfying consequence to the first and imposes a direction which leads into a long and expansive melody for the viola. The melancholy mood is sustained by long-held notes in all registers of the instruments, but there is little danger of being hypnotised by the often ethereal sounds, for there are frequent episodes characterised by insistent rhythms and pungent chords. The handling of musical contrasts and confrontations keep the listener on the alert. ‘Winter’s Edge’… makes a valuable addition to the repertoire.”
11 academic writing for graduate students 3rd edition essential tasks and skills michigan series in english for academic professional purposes DOC
18 how to make money performing in schools the definitive guide to developing marketing and presenting school assembly programs DOC
28 fundamentals and applications of controlled release drug delivery advances in delivery science and technology DOC
32 indoor gardening box set 15 steps to successfully design indoor garden 20 easy growing plants alongside 34 guidelines for growing fruits in your home DOC
77 shoveling fuel for a runaway train errant economists shameful spenders and a plan to stop them all DOC
102 wiley gaap 2016 interpretation and application of generally accepted accounting principles wiley regulatory reporting DOC
134 the business sale an owner s most perilous expedition the business sale an owner s most perilous expedition DOC
137 assessing the generic outcomes of college selections from assessment measures paperback 2011 author gary r pike DOC
138 cscp certification exam examfocus study notes review questions for the supply chain professional exam 201516 DOC
158 small time operator how to start your own business keep your books pay your taxes and stay out of trouble DOC
176 by edward s neukrug skills and tools for todays counselors and psychotherapists from natural helping to professional counseling with dvd 1st first edition DOC
182 three big money making secrets from ken mccarthy you can use right now to put more cash in your pocketeven in this rotten economy an interview with internet marketing expert ken mccarthy DOC
188 disneys junior encyclopedia of animated characters including characters from your favorite disney pixar films DOC
226 muslim networks and transnational communities in and across europe muslim networks and transnational communities in and across europe DOC
232 nourishing faith through fiction reflections of the apostles creed in literature and film communication culture DOC
266 unfinished business what the dead can teach us about life first 1st edition w or dust jacket DOC
267 reports of cases decided in the court of appeals of the state of new york from and including decisions of march 10 to and including decisions of june 2 1891 DOC
282 the accidental instructional designer learning design for the digital age by cammy bean 2014 06 16 DOC
301 witnesses to a world crisis historians and histories of the middle east in the seventh century DOC
319 the baby led weaning cookbook 130 recipes that will help your baby learn to eat solid foodsand that the whole family will enjoy DOC
360 the secrets of eastcliff by the sea the story of annaliese easterling and throckmorton her simply remarkable sock DOC
369 by dr gerald corey i never knew i had a choice explorations in personal growth 10th edition 1222012 DOC
376 class warfare besieged schools bewildered parents betrayed kids and the attack on excellence DOC
379 proceedings of the eighth international conference on management science and engineering management focused on computing and engineering management advances in intelligent systems and computing DOC
400 lobbying together interest group coalitions in legislative politics american government and public policy DOC
406 guide to java a concise introduction to programming undergraduate topics in computer science DOC
471 tea party revival the conscience of a conservative reborn the tea party revolt against unconstrained spending DOC
511 my grandmother is praying for me daily prayers and proverbs for character development in grandchildren DOC
521 superfoods that kickstart your weight loss 2nd edition learn how to use 60 superfoods to boost weight loss immunity and to live a healthier lifestyle DOC
543 financial reporting and analysis using financial accounting information 13th edition paperback DOC
591 paranormal the in between haunting at sacred family orphanage ghost stories and hauntings mystery romance short story fiction tale of a paranormal researcher and psychic by a new free life books DOC
592 migrants and refugees equitable education for displaced populations international advances in education DOC
620 the rise of the hispanic market in the united states the rise of the hispanic market in the united states DOC
661 assessment of malingered neuropsychological deficits author glenn j larrabee published on july 2007 DOC
670 high performance parallelism pearls volume two multicore and many core programming approaches by jim jeffers 2015 08 06 DOC
691 embedded and real time system development a software engineering perspective concepts methods and principles studies in computational intelligence DOC
695 what brown v board of education should have said the nations top legal experts rewrite americas landmark civil DOC
708 what art is like in constant reference to the alice books what art is like in constant reference to the alice books DOC
711 note taking made easy strategies and scaffolded lessons for helping all students take effective notes summarize DOC
717 the united nations charter as the constitution of the international community the united nations charter as the constitution of the international community DOC
721 mathematical and analogical reasoning of young learners studies in mathematical thinking and learning series DOC
730 introduction to the laplace transform mathematical concepts and methods in science and engineering DOC
April 25, 2017 Adult Life, DVRS, Employment, UncategorizedAdults with Down syndrome, Employment Opportunities for people with Down syndrome; supported employment, New Jersey Trial Work Experience, Trial Work ExperienceJanet Costello
The services that the Division of Vocational Rehabilitation offers make so much sense. The goal is to mitigate factors that make competitive employment difficult for people with disabilities. The idea of “Supported Employment” looks like it fits our situation, over here, like a glove. But it is not a glove, it’s cheese…and I am a mouse. I have run the gauntlet in search of my tasty prize – the walls of the labyrinth are made of red tape, long waits, inept agencies unprepared for their stated missions and misinformation. I wrote another post explaining the pitfalls of all this here.
But one sunny day, 13 months after first meeting with DVR, Ethan was offered a spot with an agency that could provide a legitimate Trial Work Experience during which someone would take him out into employment situations in the community to assess if he is eligible to be supported by DVR. Baby steps.
January 29, 2017 Adult Life, DVRS, Employment, Midland Adult Services, Planning for Adult LifeDivision of Vocational Rehabilitation, Employment Opportunities for people with Down syndrome; supported employmentJanet Costello
Do you need to hear good news? I swear, I’ll try to wrap this up optimistically. Bear with me, won’t you?
tea strainer bed bath and beyond it sends you free gifts from your wedding registry tea strainer bed bath and beyond.
From a warrior of the faith to a straw man to serve as a useful idiot, This is the difference between Gerhard Ludwig Müller and Luis Ladaria Ferrer
The poor widow's mite that offers the only two coins that, preached to priests and their bishops, but also to some of our faithful stingy
The find of the last Synod: instruct the hoes to give the license of chastity to the cloistered nuns?
"Love your neighbor as yourself"? Unable to get, if you do not know who you are and who is your neighbor
fabius on The poor widow's mite that offers the only two coins that, preached to priests and their bishops, but also to some of our faithful stingy
Iginio on The poor widow's mite that offers the only two coins that, preached to priests and their bishops, but also to some of our faithful stingy
Iginio on The find of the last Synod: instruct the hoes to give the license of chastity to the cloistered nuns?
Archives Select Month November 2018 (5) October 2018 (5) September 2018 (11) August 2018 (10) June 2018 (2) May 2018 (13) April 2018 (11) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (10) December 2017 (6) November 2017 (7) October 2017 (10) September 2017 (8) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (8) June 2017 (9) May 2017 (6) April 2017 (8) March 2017 (8) February 2017 (9) January 2017 (10) December 2016 (7) November 2016 (10) October 2016 (5) September 2016 (6) August 2016 (12) July 2016 (8) June 2016 (13) May 2016 (12) April 2016 (9) March 2016 (8) February 2016 (12) January 2016 (9) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (17) October 2015 (13) September 2015 (14) August 2015 (3) July 2015 (9) June 2015 (4) May 2015 (6) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (11) February 2015 (11) January 2015 (9) December 2014 (8) November 2014 (19) October 2014 (16)
This online magazine involves management costs and significant efforts carried out by the Fathers of the Island of Patmos and their Collaborators. For this please support, even with a small donation. To offer your support, you can use our convenient and secure Paypal system by clicking below:
May the Lord make you about the support you will want to offer our apostolic and theological Service.
If you do not have the opportunity to donate you can still help by clicking on the ads below , also once a day , Very few pennies but still very useful thank you for your good heart
Check out our Monthly Special, Prices with 1000 units retail ready package qualifies for Discounted shipping. Please use promo code 666.
Everett we are your fast, dependable CD and DVD Replication and Duplication Manufacturer near you. No one is faster and no one can match our quality and price.
Isomedia leads Everett in CD and DVD Production with the very best in service and value. We supply Everett bands, businesses, and film makers.
At Isomedia, serving Everett region, you are dealing directly with the manufacturer for your CDs and DVDs... not a broker or middleman. We provide factory-direct disc replication as well as short-run CD and DVD duplication services with all the most popular print and packaging solutions.
After one-and-a-half years in Bible school, Frank left and moved to southern California in January, 1967. There he went to work for the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad as secretary to the trainmaster at Fullerton, California. In 1968, he came out of the closet and in August of 1969, he moved back to Long Island. In June of 1970, while standing in a gay bar on Long Island, people came in passing out fliers for the first-ever gay pride march in New York City to celebrate the first anniversary of the Stonewall riots. Frank went to the march and from there got involved with the Gay Activists Alliance of Long Island and later with GAA New York as well.
In June of 1971, Frank moved back to southern California, arriving in Los Angeles the week before the second gay pride parades. That Sunday, he attended Metropolitan Community Church-Los Angeles for the first time for their gay pride service. He marched with the Church in the parade in Hollywood later that day. Once settled in Los Angeles, Frank got involved with the Gay Community Alliance, One, Inc., HELP, Inc. and other gay groups in the Los Angeles area. He also joined MCC in November of that year.
On December 2, 1974 (his 30th birthday), after working for the Holiday Inn-Hollywood for three-and-a-half years, Frank started working for the Rev. Troy Perry and the Universal Fellowship of Metropolitan Community Churches (UFMCC). He began as Rev. Perry’s secretary and later became his Confidential Assistant, a position he still holds today.
When Canada legalized gay marriage in 2005, while Metropolitan Community Churches was having their General Conference in Calgary, Alberta, Frank and his partner since 1979--Franklin Calvin--were legally married. The Rev. Brent Hawkes, pastor of MCC-Toronto and the Rev. Troy Perry co-officiated at this ceremony on July 25.
In November, 2006, Frank moved from Los Angeles to Abilene, Texas, to work in the UFMCC office there. He and Franklin now live in Abilene with their three miniature schnauzers, Gus, Gracie and Chester. Frank still works with Rev. Perry by phone and computer as he needs him. He and Franklin are active members of Exodus Metropolitan Community Church in Abilene.
Frank was one of the original members of the Advisory Committee of the LGBT Religious Archives Network in 2001 and served on the committee until he retired in 2008.
“My fondest memory of Frank- we were in high school together, I had my drivers permit and Frank decided to teach me how to drive a his VW, which of course was a stick shift. As I was attempting to shift and his poor car was bucking, there was my dearest friend standing on the seat of the car half out of the sun roof yelling at the drivers behind me that "I was just learning!" Between laughing and crying I did manage to move the car eventually. He would not let me give up. Thank you- I love you.”
\\FREE\\ Pitch The Perfect Investment: The Essential Guide To Winning On Wall Street. fiscal perfect Rhode concrete include vende
Библиотека УНЦ "Механика.Математика". Волович,Марк Бенцианович Наука обучать.Технология преподавания математики
At night it's always a bit chilly, so I take advantage of the afternoon and evening outings to use some fall pieces.
Another piece that I think made the difference in this look is the bag. The bag gave a touch of color to the look.
In the last few days, I've been with Marlene from Inspirations With M blog. We use our outings together, to chat about our blogs, share experiences, and of course, to photograph.
"walk talk dance sing," the ground-breaking thyroid disease film is attached at the end of this post. This "little Hashimoto's film on a mission" is now on tour and also available to the public online. It is an informative, emotional and entertaining 75 minute docu-drama, made by Hashi-patient Donna-Lynne Larson (aka Bea True), receiving critical acclaim and positive reviews globally.
“Here’s the scoop: all I have to do is take this little pill, everyday, for the rest of my life and I will be better. That’s what I’m told. That is very good news indeed! Although, truthfully, being instructed to take this medication EVERY DAY FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE made me uneasy. I don’t take any pills right now; I’m not dependent on anything; I’m free as a bird! But hey, if it’s going to make me better who am I to turn my nose up at losing my pill-virginity? I say bring it on! It’s only one little pill. I can handle this. This is really, really, really exciting knowing that I can now get back to my life. Thank you, Doctor!”﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ ﻿﻿ ﻿ ﻿﻿﻿
That was then. This is now. That’s right, you guessed it. I am no longer taking Synthroid, the most prescribed brand of levothyroxine. I stopped taking it. And, guess what? I am still alive.
You can imagine my trepidation, my fear. Having been told that I must take my little blue pill for the rest of my life, I was terrified of what might happen if I stopped. Dear God, for all I know, I might die for crying out loud! ﻿﻿ ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿
Well, after six years of trying desperately to feel better, thinking the entire problem was based on my deteriorating condition, continually re-dosing and re-testing without any progress towards “feeling better” at all, EVER, it finally dawned on me that “just maybe” I shouldn’t be taking this drug in the first place. And, if I did die, what would I stand to lose?﻿﻿﻿﻿ ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿
Now, why didn’t I just stop taking that little blue pill after the first few weeks of misery you’re wondering? That’s a question that haunts me to this day. How I wish I had stopped immediately and explored other options.