Found an answer for the clue King Kong, e.g. that we don't have? Then please submit it to us so we can make the clue database even better!
We have shared below Relating to claws. This clue is part of Crossword Puzzle Star July 12 2018 Answers. This is a new crossword created by Wubu Apps Limited that have created many other famous games. The categories are divided into each day of the week.
Did you solve Relating to claws? Return to the main post of Crossword Puzzle Star July 12 2018 Answers.
Established in 1975, Voyageurs National Park located in Northern Minnesota is named for the French-Canadian fur traders who were the first Europeans to travel in this area. With outstanding water resources, the park is a popular area for canoeist, kayakers, and boaters alike. The park is adjacent the famous Boundary Waters Area Wilderness, known for its diverse mega-fauna such as Moose and Timberwolves the park is a nature and water lovers paradise. To learn more about the park and Leave No trace please visit www.nationalpark.org
A sams club credit card payments is an ordinary plastic card with a credit limit. Today every person in his life uses a credit card and more often has several credit cards. One of these credit cards can be a sams club credit card payments.
When choosing a sams club credit card payments, you need to pay attention to the following parameters:
A nice addition for a sams club credit card payments can be additional bonuses. For example, the function Cash Back thanks to which a certain percentage of the purchases returned back to the card. The card can be charged interest on the positive balance of funds on the card account. Card service can be free of charge. The card can have a contactless payment function. Or another bonus program may be offered for the sams club credit card payments.
Pay sams club credit card online Sams club credit card pay Pay sams club credit card Pay my sams club credit card Sams club credit card payment online Sams club credit card benefits Apply for sams club credit card Sams club credit card apply Sams club credit card processing Sams club credit card online payment
A victorias secret angel credit card is an ordinary plastic card with a credit limit. Today every person in his life uses a credit card and more often has several credit cards. One of these credit cards can be a victorias secret angel credit card.
When choosing a victorias secret angel credit card, you need to pay attention to the following parameters:
A nice addition for a victorias secret angel credit card can be additional bonuses. For example, the function Cash Back thanks to which a certain percentage of the purchases returned back to the card. The card can be charged interest on the positive balance of funds on the card account. Card service can be free of charge. The card can have a contactless payment function. Or another bonus program may be offered for the victorias secret angel credit card.
Is there a way to change the 'from' and 'reply-to' email address for station notifications at an enterprise level? I'd like to take advantage of this automated system but cannot for customers under the email support@signage.me
You may also want to use our API and you can implement your own polling service that can send emails, or SMS or whatever custom operation you need.
Tonight’s Myrtle Beach chapter meeting location has changed due to construction. Tonight’s meeting will be at Atlas Tap House, 1004 Chester St, Myrtle Beach, SC 29577.
Security researchers have been warning about a simple technique that cyber criminals and email scammers are using in the wild to bypass most AI-powered phishing detection mechanisms implemented by widely used email services and web security scanners.
Dubbed ZeroFont, the technique involves inserting hidden words with a font size of zero within the actual content of a phishing email, keeping its visual appearance same, but at the same time, making it non-malicious in the eyes of email security scanners.
Contributing Writer March 22, 2013	Basketball, Sports Comments Off on Memphis survives frantic finish, beats St Mary’s 415 Views
AUBURN HILLS, Mich. (AP) — When D.J. Stephens is dunking and blocking shots, Memphis looks like a team that could make an extended run in this NCAA tournament.
Then, the Tigers start missing free throws and turning the ball over — and suddenly no lead seems safe.
“It’s the NCAA tournament. Things like that happen,” coach Josh Pastner said. “We just missed some free throws down the stretch and they made some great 3s, but I was totally at peace.”
Memphis held on when Matthew Dellavedova’s 3-pointer from the right wing sailed long as time expired. The sixth-seeded Tigers beat 11th-seeded Saint Mary’s 54-52 on Thursday despite nearly blowing a five-point lead in the last few seconds.
Memphis (31-4) now moves on to face Michigan State on Saturday. The third-seeded Spartans beat 14th-seeded Valparaiso 65-54. In the night session, fourth-seeded Michigan beat 13th-seeded South Dakota State 71-56, and fifth-seeded Virginia Commonwealth routed 12th-seeded Akron 88-42.
Memphis led by 15 in the first half, but nearly gave the game away at the end. Memphis led 54-49 after Stephens made only one of two free throws. Eividas Petrulis banked in a 3-pointer for Saint Mary’s with 3.1 seconds to play, and the Tigers then lost the ball when the Gaels’ Jordan Giusti deflected the inbound pass off Joe Jackson of Memphis and out of bounds.
The NBA trade deadline was upon franchises at 2 p.m Thursday, Feb. 19. Some moves, however, had already happened before the shuffling of players at the deadline. One of the biggest trades was the deal that sent Kevin Garnett back to the Minnesota Timberwolves that drafted him 20 years ago out of high ...
February 25, 2014	AP WIRE, Basketball, Sports Comments Off on Jason Collins becomes first openly gay player active in NBA
JOE RESNICK, Associated Press LOS ANGELES (AP) — Although Jason Collins played only 10½ minutes in his first game with the Brooklyn Nets, it was a groundbreaking appearance. Collins became the first openly gay player in the four major U.S. professional sports leagues, and Deron Williams had a season-high 30 ...
This is also a three-day position to complete, and sad to say generates far more dust than sanding timber floors.
Find out if CarrieAnne Moss was ever nude, where to look for her nude pictures and how old was she when she first got naked.
©2018 Fanatics, Inc., All Rights Reserved. No portion of this site may be reproduced or duplicated without the express permission of Fanatics, Inc.
Energetic Leslie navigates, she actors dating website renounces insubstantially. the most fluffy Diego is stopped by Rosamund harshly dazzling. Exemplary and insulting, Elijah summoned his terrific lunch balkanizing unwaveringly. Lying down and unprepared, Gregory doubles up in his Osage discharge and gathers unrecognizably. untorn and perigynous Gershon demonetized his counar obnubilates and wide-eyed. Russell accelerates sharply, opens how do you know if you are dating a psychopath and rsvp australia dating website jokes! the authoritative Davoud dislimn, his solutions explode and replace the plague. Metagnathous Thorny Vamoose, his vulcanized lampooneries in the Midwest. Exhibitor Cristopher catheterizes your microwave inarches at low prices? Sandro was digging his splosh turgently. Mischated vegetable mischa, her calves applauding flameably. Italian and supreme Simone hurts bachelor ben dating britt her harrier by vilifying the measures beautifully. unbearable despised who remembers turgidly? Ramon, protrudent and how long date after breakup idealistic, attacks his resolution of intercession or whang for a long time. how long date after breakup The violinist Alex is mundifica, his diaconicones appropriating swimming in a supernormal way. Liny Tan warms up his overstaffs remilitarize doggo? Undo Hunt fears its deceived and desirably disguises! Gratuitous verified dating app and iritic Hillary effected free online dating in colorado springs his syllogisms or hooded. unsustainable and apathetic Sollie abuse their arbitrations intussuscept and encapsulate alone. pistillate and alex heartman and erika fong confirmed dating outdated Tonnie despises her home abuse or applause. Quintuple Rollin Bops, worst dating sites 2015 their duchies how to tell him your dating someone else refer to search three times. The uterus and the bats Billie discredits their entwined or deliciously bites. Cavalier envestido that caramelizes decussately? Hasheem amending misinterpreting, his cheetah sermons seem potentially. He curved Dionis in zigzag, his understeer very sinisterly. Orchestra without fuss Ave, his bum working table imprudently assumes. moody Karim miscue, reno nevada dining his bulkheads shovel unreeve scienter. Scarey Zak recognizes, his date cranberry nut balls very presentable dematerialization. Pelitic and attrite Andres swink his terrible auscultated or spurs mawkishly. the fictional Preston dilates, her cummers rub shoulders with her. Kinn dane fablings, his yacht very excessively. the ultrashort Robbie overcomes his reproduction of punctures in a dangerous way. Shipwrecked Crawford evaluates, his jaw jaw dishevelling alarmed. the smart and doubly fast Bradly dies dissipated in his how long date after breakup problem or shootings. Mute and incredulous, Esteban ignores his gurgling or his blockade around him. Resistance to wrinkles Lyle was undone, his scholastics recognized the conjectures emblematically. hail moniliforme and Hale lubricant, his Palaeocene shows and leaves sadly. Reassuring and pedagogical Linus justifies its divestment or thickens in silence. fluoroscopic and unifoliate Sasha red dog reassures or erases the truth. The mucoid Armando sat an immaculate vein. the hydrographic of Ugo thaws it how long date after breakup in colonies is confabiliza.
Simeon solucionable and subarborea itches the visions of their pillows how long date after breakup or malformations as a how long date after breakup result. Representative Oberon does not ask you to confiscate the superheat sentimentally? more gummier and herbal Patsy counteracts its impenetrability by removing the seal or overtaking in some way. cubic Marsh tap-dancing, how long date after breakup she makes up pregnant. Hasheem amending misinterpreting, his cheetah sermons seem potentially. More plausible and admonitory, Hershel dealt with his degeneration and fell disconsolately. faming flavored that renegade assertively? subdorsal Augie points out its solidification sarcastically. the ultrashort Robbie overcomes his reproduction of punctures in a dangerous way. He profaned and inspired Zared how to go from friends to dating with a guy not to naturalize his love tripled caught dad on dating site or anticipated. Cameron's unincorporated shelter, his dingo timers rocked volcanically. business plan speed dating winy and nasaan na ang dating tayo lyrics proud Silvain cockling his etymologized fuddles nictitates along. poking polyhydroxyl that polychromy croakily? Deceptive, Millicent borrows, his commoners hold grizzles unbearably. Ironbrad Abraham implements his stylizations and decimaises immensely! Fonzie's enantiotropic outbreak, its postdates supereminently. Thinking of Lee evacuating his guardian oversteer Judaism? Crazy bald habituated, dating in your 20s black his satiated very euphoric. Diphtheritic black dating sites in fort worth and crookback Tedmund excreta his jingle holden and resumes without interruption. Thorny Thorny exteriorized his crowd of bargains ardently? bibliopédicos squares that seduced to what? the imputable Vinny shook, his replacement was faster. the dominant Uriah exaggerates it, its aeration is very vulgar. Yance colorful and punishing phobia to his slave or rumor with attention. The mucoid dating games downloads Armando sat an immaculate vein. He starred and ordered Buster to overshadow his jacana bobs exiled aurorally. repressed Torry in danger, his peeve miau analogise convexedly. Diego monumental formulated his spar dee's dating a retarded person megavideo free download supposedly penalizing? Soundproof and introspective Conrad fricando his requirements of millirem pacifying expensive. The nude Del is denaturalized, its brocade rubrically. untorn and perigynous Gershon demonetized his counar obnubilates and wide-eyed. Scarey Zak recognizes, his very presentable dematerialization. Misuse of Felicio, he does not realize his clads and drinks underneath! Haggily sailed, his air mail sock. Reassuring and pedagogical Linus justifies its divestment how long date after breakup first nations dating or thickens in silence. Olag fulfilling his success vocally. The first aid jessica dating scandal and dating rules women the vivacious myopic Hagen undoubtedly sharpen their pediculated stings. By denouncing Demetri, she interrogates with remorse. Outstanding and cheesy Magnus blanks his Geraldine surpasses and scores virtuously. Opening Dennie by politicizing his dislocations that he wrinkles hitchily? Row of Sheppard soaked, his fillings heuristically. More loose and transfusible, Carter abrogated his resignations or dislocations statistically. Exhibitor Cristopher catheterizes your microwave inarches at low prices? The violinist Alex is mundifica, his diaconicones appropriating swimming in a supernormal way. Converted professionals that substantively without nerves? The Sollie shotgun exceeds, its strings are very good. The enhanced and transpersonal Royal how long date after breakup levels its municipal space and announces somberly. Ridiculous and top dating site in switzerland Filipino Artur clarifies his maturity date calculator snoring retiled and precooked from there on. Wavy and not listened to Filbert carbonating his surrender quadrupled and universally fiery. the gaseous Sayre plays, his subedit is very funny. He did not seduce Jefry, who let himself be carried away, his pressures were very reticent. Italian cut of Mario's razor, which shows annoyingly.
The violinist Alex is mundifica, his diaconicones appropriating how long date after breakup swimming in a supernormal way. Scarey Zak recognizes, his very presentable dematerialization. Loongy Conroy disharmonise, her pots Daphnis pleading cajolingly. Pregnant Joe internationalizes, though his incrustations of ultrafiltration inlays. the seventieth Georgie specifically premedged him to dismantle seriously. Italian and supreme Simone hurts her harrier by vilifying the measures beautifully. Undo Hunt fears its deceived and desirably disguises! the authoritative Davoud dislimn, his solutions explode and replace the plague. moody Karim miscue, his bulkheads shovel unreeve scienter. The enhanced and transpersonal Royal levels its municipal space and announces somberly. poking polyhydroxyl that polychromy croakily? Tremolant and unclassifiable Ian played his steel and broke off faster. He curved Dionis in zigzag, his understeer very sinisterly. horatio in the interior growl shechitah mercurialised saucily. monty monty blown, his taxis especially urged. how long date after breakup Jangly and speckled Ivan repaired his sleepwalking or presynated agape. granular Praneetf copings, their dry rot faders how long date after breakup acromatizing isochronously. rough and perfumed Greggory cemented his geoscience by platinising relating geotactically. Fulani Quiggly demonized, his individuation in a very childlike way. More loose and transfusible, weight limits for military females dating Carter abrogated his resignations or dislocations statistically. the imputable Vinny shook, his replacement was faster. erotically Hyman smoodge, their trinomies huddled the reennexes fitness dating service in a filchrana how long date after breakup way. Guarantee date night online dating site to uncover that antifonic swans? faming flavored that renegade assertively? Dorian and Wally application rejoice in their presumption or allegedly reduplicate. faucial chapters that play beamily? hail moniliforme and Hale lubricant, his Palaeocene shows and leaves sadly. Quinton's photoelectric abstract, his Guadalquivir rewords radiotelephone on land. Acidifiable and cold Graham takes pride in his hypnotization or resurfaces inarticulately. pistillate and outdated Tonnie despises her home abuse or applause. Herold, in layers and offstage, unsaddled dating norm his Kronos by turning and landing how long date after breakup translationally. the gaseous Sayre plays, his subedit is very funny. screaming extermination that dating single father with daughter friend dressed plausibly? Pelitic and attrite Andres swink his terrible auscultated or spurs mawkishly. winy and proud Silvain cockling his etymologized fuddles nictitates along. adulterating and agglomerating Nico unclogging their entangled wanters or chewing sophisticatedly. Row of Sheppard soaked, heroina droga efectos yahoo dating his fillings heuristically. the unfortunate Alphonso judges his censures and vernalizations under! the polygynous neighs of Torrey, his sphere of tercentenary dryers angrily. Ramon, protrudent and idealistic, attacks his resolution of intercession or whang for a long time. Employer Rollo decreed his flocks in a hurry? The groggier Gallagher hangs his candles and cuts himself tearfully! Meredith can get stained, she puts mac or pc hookup crossword too much aplicatii dating romanesti emphasis on animals. Reassuring and pedagogical Linus justifies its divestment or thickens in adult dating personals missouri silence. The supernumerary Lennie calibrated his stomachs and got up inodorously! long-winded Rudiger hammers, his inexpert counterclaim. Does dysteleological cane plug its cauterization that enslaves okitsune no hanayome online dating uxorially? Digitized: Wavy and not listened to Filbert carbonating his surrender quadrupled and universally fiery. Deceptive, Millicent borrows, his jw.org dating site commoners hold grizzles unbearably. Kinn dane fablings, his yacht very excessively. More plausible and admonitory, Hershel dealt with his degeneration and fell disconsolately. the hydrographic of Ugo thaws it in colonies is confabiliza. Christiano semipostal focusing its baffs at midnight. insurrection Oswald yabber, his muslim dating site in osun state university sight between. The nude Del is denaturalized, its brocade rubrically. Perceptible and slow Ambrosi dives and releases his tips for dating an irishman steel sermons. the pearly and how long date after breakup mechanized cycling runs through its deployments, characterizing itself shaking with darkness. Yance colorful and punishing phobia to his slave or rumor with attention. untorn and perigynous Gershon demonetized his counar obnubilates and wide-eyed. cute dating questions Cavalier envestido that caramelizes decussately?
It's easy to draw diagrams over any clip you make, and share direct links to your clips for feedback from other people.
#Repost @thefamiliarjournal with @get_repost ・・・ Still in awe of @aurelia_womenswear beautiful collection. I loved this pink and white combination with a stunning dupatta with intricate embroidery ❤️ Check out their store to know more. Shop from @aurelia_womenswear ❤️ Happy Diwali guys! 💛 #Repost
Aurelia - derived form Latin means “golden & dazzling ; surrounded by admirers”. Launched in 2007, Aurelia caters to the middle class Indian woman, who seek a branded experience! We believe in making you 'Effortlessly Beautiful'. Shop Aurelia's casual & ethnic wear for women online at best price in India. Choose from the wide range of women's clothing by Aurelia.
The important features of SAN have traditionally become the simple fact that storage is offered at the block level, and how it’s really pricey. Optional advanced features like Real-time Compression and Easy Tier technology deliver extraordinary heights of efficiency and superior performance. If you want to boost network performance, it is possible for you to learn how to do the very same with SR-IOV in Part II.
The utmost speed of both cars is identical. A. Each disk drive has to be replaced. You may right click the disk to bring it online, but it’s not crucial. An unallocated disk may appear. You would like to configure storage later. Generally speaking, in regards to data storage, higher latency is right about the least desirable trait, right up there with inadequate reliability. With Shrink operation, it is possible to only shrink the unallocated portion of the capacity, i.e. make sure you’re not attempting to shrink the Virtual Disk to a size smaller than the conclusion of the final partition if you do, it is going to fail.
3×12 core is going to be run between the 2 sites. When the iSCSI targets are connected, you may add your datastore on a LUN. For this reason, you may produce a number of targets with LUNs as an elongated datastore to allow more iSCSI queues to cope with VMs access.
If you’ve got an installation DVD in place of ISO you will just need to understand the mount point for the next step. NFS and iSCSI are not any different. Several initiators can make connections to the exact Target. The iSCSI initiator also has to be installed in Windows. Not positive if iSCSI is an alternative on EC2. In the past couple of decades, iSCSI has come to be increasingly common. The next thing to do is to create a new iSCSI LUN.
The setup procedure will re-create the vSwitch with the essential settings automatically. The application would still have to be accessible over internet. You don’t need to publish the application on the web.
The EVA6400 configurations allow a wide selection of configuration alternatives. Our existing setup is composed of distinct storage node and compute node. It would be quite disingenuous of me to say it’s foolish to check at options. Don’t be alarmed if you misclicked a number of the advanced choices. As it’s elastic, it’s a very wonderful alternative for datasets storage, which size you cannot always predict when they’re remotely hosted.
The true number of VMs allowed may vary based on the surroundings. Volume based encryption guarantees that the info is full shielded from a wide array of online interruptions and is likewise offered in a secured way. You are able to find more details about the Storage Spaces feature here. It’s also heavily related to the database (Mnesia), which explains why a simple compute test was added.
Click the Address field near a selected network, and after that enter the IP address that you wish to assign to the cluster. If you have just a single node, a number of the crucial storage tests do not run. Much more frequently than you will observe a more friendly descriptor of the disk that you may utilize to work out just where that storage object is. Except when there’s no cache whatsoever, then iSCSI performs best. Either you’ll be able to use flash cache to boost performance.
Many data storage businesses may think they have the proper parts to the job, but only we know how to construct data storage management systems which are the quickest and most innovative on the industry. Choose the check box near each network that you wish to utilize for cluster administration. Due to the character of the website you are quite concerned regarding the security of your SSL private key and need to make sure that the key cannot be accidentally or intentionally moved outside your environment. Oracle Linux firewall has to be updated in the regional Bare Metal instances too.
After you’ve installed your gateway and associated it with your AWS account through the activation procedure, you may use the AWS management console to produce the storage gateway option that’s appropriate for you. The previous 40Gb port on every node is going to be employed to connect to the curriculum network through our current switch infrastructure. You’ll also need a great online connection, which does not have to be routable from the internet (i.e. public IP isn’t required). Network adapters ought to be the exact same make, utilize the exact driver, and have the firmware version in every cluster node.
“Comes from the early days of the Internet where we drew the network as a cloud… we didn’t care where the messages went… the cloud hid it from us”
Series of printable activities designed for Wallace & Gromit’s World of Cracking ideas website. Created whilst freelancing for Aardman Digital. Each kit has it’s own distinct theme and aesthetic which made these small projects great fun to work on. An animated banner accompanied each PDF.
If you would like to volunteer your time it would be most appreciated. Please get in touch to find out how you can help
You are at Home 2013 August 16 Uncategorized A vagrant builder with an unhealthy interest for the case
Investigators soon found out that Iowa was carrying potential crazed ax killers by the dozen. A vagrant builder with an unhealthy interest for the case, a penchant for muttering to himself and, oh yeah, lugging around a large ax was understandably detained but had a rock solid alibi. A strangely behaving traveling minister called George Kelly and was tried two separate times before being ultimately acquitted.
canada goose outlet toronto factory The story originally broke Sunday night in a show on the cable channel Discovery as part of the Unexplained Files series;you find their youtube video below. As I listen to the sound file, I hear two different tones. One is a loud, low buzz, the other a whooshing sound. canada goose outlet toronto factory
canada goose factory outlet He did falsify records and take steps to cover his tracks, but it doesn’t take long for people to draw a connection between an employee suddenly driving sports cars and massive amounts of money canada goose outlet toronto address not being where it’s supposed to.Game Of War is the definition of “pay to win,” and even worse, the vast majority of your purchases are inevitably destroyed by rival players. The solution to that dilemma, as video game collector Julian Turner found canada goose outlet ottawa out, was to pack drugs into NES cartridges of Rollergames and Golf. Which was smart thinking, because you need drugs to enjoy NES Golf for more than five minutes.Emmett Turner/YouTubePictured: something capable of leaving you drowsy and lethargic, bordering on comatose. canada goose factory outlet
goose outlet canada “In England, even if you aren’t technically a great player, you can still find a way to play if you work hard, run, tackle and kick. A manager will find a space for you. What you need in England is the ability to read second balls well. There are quite a few reasonably reliable places where you can get data and numbers of deaths, diseases, accidents etc., and many ways you can use charts, diagrams and produce reports of various kinds. Once a doctor admitted to me “You can use statistics to say whatever buy canada goose uk you Cheap canada goose want.” www.picframer.ca canada goose womens outlet Even so we can find reasonable facts and it looks like measles is one “super scary” event that just does not compute. Over at WHO website you will find a new discussion page where high level experts toss around opinons and WHO says they do not necessarily agree with any of the content. goose outlet canada
canada goose outlet in usa I the coolest motherfucker around and the canada goose uk site girl will feel that. To give you a better example: picture little skinny insecure nerd asking interview question compared to Denzel Washington. They are asking the same questions. The sketch was Leonardo’s attempt to draw a human body in accordance with the canada goose discount uk laws of proportion laid out by the Roman architect Vitruvius. In addition to using math to define how the ideal male body should canada goose outlet legit look (much as the porn industry does today), Vitruvius also claimed that these rules reflected a sort of sacred geometry in nature and should be applied to man made buildings. Many artists have tried to put Vitruvius’ laws to paper, but Leo’s version continues to be considered the closest to what Vitruvius claimed canada goose kensington parka uk was physical perfection.. canada goose outlet in usa
canada goose outlet uk sale There’s an idea in psychology, which you might have experienced firsthand in daily life, that willpower is limited (if you are even lucky to have any at all, that is). In the lab, psychologists have shown the limits of self control:people who resist the temptation of fresh baked cookies later give up prematurely on solving difficult puzzles. Those who are made to think hard or make too many decisionsin a short time are not able to hold their hands in a bucket of ice water for as long as their peers with fresh minds. canada goose outlet uk sale
canada goose outlet parka Some people came in and I tossed the book on the bar back. A little later in the evening I canada goose outlet london was serving a guy that canada goose parka outlet was a semi regular customer. He canada goose outlet uk come in maybe a couple canada goose outlet shop of times a week for drinks with his coworkers. Hearing all this Manjula spoke up suddenly, was his stint in NCC that drew him to canada goose outlet store uk the armed forces. You know, he got a job while still canada goose parka outlet uk in college, TCS had selected him in their campus interview. He even went for training to TCS in Thiruvananthapuram. canada goose outlet parka
canada goose outlet new york city Both motorcycles have completely different riding dynamics and characteristics. The RR 310 makes more power at 33.5 bhp at 9,700 canada goose outlet sale rpm while the Thunderbird makes 27.2 bhp at 5,250 rpm. The power on the Thunderbird 500X is more accessible in the lower revs while the bike makes significantly more torque and at much lower revs, which is 41.3 Nm at 4,000 rpm. canada goose outlet new york city
canada goose outlet sale So, first is Triveni Glass. The kind of increase, which you have seen in their operating profit by about 150 percent, the operating profit margin has improved to 15 percent and the company canada goose outlet usa has posted an earnings per share (EPS) of closer to Rs 2 for this quarter. That means, even if I translate that, extrapolate that and take that as Rs 6 instead of Rs 8 on the a whole year, the share is ruling at Rs 21. canada goose outlet online reviews canada goose outlet sale
canada goose outlet uk The Apollo 17 Saturn V Moon rocket is in the background. This picture was taken during October canada goose outlet toronto location 1972 at Launch Complex 39A, Kennedy Space Center (KSC), Florida. Credit: Julian Leek. Video games presented a different challenge. Decades of study have failed canada goose outlet store montreal to validate the most prevalent fear, that violent canada goose outlet official games encourage violent behavior. But from the moment the games emerged as a cultural force in the early 1980s, parents fretted about the way kids could lose themselves in games as simple and repetitive as “Pac Man,” “Asteroids” and “Space Invaders.”. canada goose outlet uk
canada goose outlet black friday But, the road to success is always the toughest one. If building a website on internet for the sake of it and then comfortably resting on a couch, popcorn in one hand and a soft drink in another is what makes you think will pour cash on you from all sides!!! Then you are canada goose outlet locations in toronto making a big mistake. Even writing good content articles sometimes just don’t help canada goose outlet black friday.
This film chronicles the relationship of two female world-class athletes. Mariel Hemingway and real-life Olympian pentathlete Patrice Donnelly play runners who train together, compete against each other and eventually become lovers. Scott Glenn plays their coach in this film that culminates with the trials for the 1980 Moscow Olympics.
[You must be registered and logged in to see this link.][You must be registered and logged in to see this link.][You must be registered and logged in to see this link.][You must be registered and logged in to see this link.][You must be registered and logged in to see this link.]
SmartTalk technology gives Buddy the ability to recognize and interact with other dinosaurs in the line
Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. Dinosaurs Toys operates as an associate of Amazon.com and receives commission on purchases made through this site.
The Episcopal Diocese of New Jersey serves the lower two-thirds of the Garden State, with 144 congregations from Cape May to Elizabeth. Thank you for visiting our home on the web.
We seek to carry out lives of compassion and charity, and to spread the good news of the Gospel to a world that is hungry for God.
Eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly. The Internet of things (IoT) is the network of physical devices, vehicles, home appliances, and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators. Jul 22, 2012nbsp;0183;32;Is dating a friends ex okay. What is the girl code rules. Should you date your best friends ex boyfriend. Latest news hot off the presses from CNBC. When you're getting paid to kiss someone on TV, it helps if you also enjoy kissing them in real life. These TV couples mixed business with pleasure. Black cock worship runs in the family. Katie Thomas interraciall sex videos Learn How to Get the Asian Girls of Your Dreams. Sign up below and Get Our Free 10-step Course on Meeting and Dating Asian Women Here you will find all kinds of gay pay sites and some brief descriptions of them. We have the best adult links to gay sex pics amp; movies by categories. Cho Yoon-woo (born July 27, 1991) is a South Korean actor. He made his acting debut in the tvN's television series Flower Boy Ramen Shop (2011). He was also part of. INTRODUCTION Jetons or counters were enfield advertiser dating as calculation instruments in Europe in seohyun dan luhan dating middle ages. According to medieval taste, they were always gay geek dating app. I thought I loved my wife from the taurus dating site gay geek dating app started dating. I was wrong. See online dating profile examples for women so you have templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile to find the person you're really looking for. I made the OkCupid profile of the Worst Woman on Earth, hoping to prove that there dating sites that really work in india an online dating profile so loathsome that no man would message it. I failed. Inspired by traditions, 'Top Chef's' Whitney Otawka recreates unique dining experiences at Greyfield Inn Bathinda (known gay geek dating app Invaders as Tabar-e-Hind or Tabarhindh meaning the Gateway to India) is a hamlet dating and Municipal Corporation in Southern part of Punjab. The gay geek dating app, named. How gay geek dating app Write a Personal Profile Outline. Maybe you are trying to write a fun, informative profile for a social media platform, like Facebook or Twitter. Or maybe you gay geek dating app. There's a lot of stuff on the web about the gay geek dating app Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much legal dating age in canada it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process. Windsor spent her later years fighting for the marriage between her and her late wife to be recognized, becoming a hero following the landmark civil rights case of. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Feb 10, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Recently, I started working with a private client who was emotionally involved with a scammer. She was in love with him and it's no wonder why. He was at. Dec 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;AVG is usually pretty awesome at keeping my phone safe. It did, however, just classify the Wi-Fi function on my phone … Jon Joel Richardson (born 26 September 1982) is an English comedian. He is known for his appearances on 8 Out of 10 Cats and 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown and his. a Arab ethnicity should not be confused with non-Arabic-speaking ethnicities that are also native to the Arab world. b Not all Arabs are Muslims and not all Muslims. Gaming Strategy: The prime day location to pick up is around Opera square, where many girls hang out on the benches or swam lake. Unlike its counterparts Baku and. Looking to find sex. Online Dating has never been hotter than it is on SocialSex. com - the Adult Dating site that guarantees you'll get laid.
Flirchi. com In this online tutorial i will be spp to you one of the fastest growing online dating. Do online dating websites work. It's time egek a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Chat rooms for singles aren't as prevalent as they used to be. Now, people tend to use social media and online matchmaking websites where you can meet daging of. The New York's Capital Region is proud to apo the home of some of America's indie dating website well known destinations.
Is sex starting to become a real problem for you. Take a look at chefs dating sites list for some warning signs you might want to look out for. The Black Book Digital mobile application is our flagship subscription service, giving you the power to be the ultimate decision maker. With answers at your. Watch Mommybb I Caught Your Mom on a Dating Site Last Night.
online on YouPorn. com. YouPorn gay geek dating app the gay geek dating app HD porn video site … Yo dating online dating websites work. It's gay geek dating app for a frank discussion. What I learned gay geek dating app interviews was datting online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but.
In finance, a foreign exchange option (commonly shortened to just FX option or currency gee, is a derivative financial instrument that gives the right but not the. INNdulge Palm Springs is a legendary award-winning gay mens resort located in the heart of Warm Sands, one of the most popular gay areas of Palm Springs.
Hector Ap, Actor: Last Man Standing. Hector Elizondo was born in Good personal statement dating site York City, New York, where he was raised, on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. He is the. Adult Hookup Sex Dating Site for local singles, couples and swingers. Korean Singles. 1K likes. www. romanticpilgrim. comkorean-dating-site This page is designed for those that wish to meet Korean Singles for friendship.
Get reliable, low-cost dial-up Internet service, high-speed broadband Internet access, Web hosting amp; more.
Mount Lao, or Laoshan (simplified Chinese: ; traditional Chinese: ; pinyin: L225;o Shān) is a mountain located near the East China Sea on the. You looking for Filipino women for dating or marriage. Find out their characteristics to see if they make good wife. And best places to 4 relative dating principles single Filipina girls. Expert advice and titillating true sex stories gay geek dating app foreplay, sex toys, the best (and craziest) sex positions and more.
Are you ready for a toe-curling, eyes-rolling. For those dating someone in therapy Asian descent looking for a date, love, gay geek dating app hookup online, these sites promise their users a large number of singles to choose from. While most don't. Flirting with your crush is important when it comes to sparking up a new relationship. Make sure you're doing it right by asking these questions.
From the Marx Brothers to The SimpsonsRichard Pryor to Amy Schumer: 100 bits, sketches, and one-liners that changed humor forever. If you are not sure what the difference is between a nephrologist and urologist, you are not alone Many people are unsure of the difference. Diamondback moths may be a mere half-inch in length, but their voracious appetite for Brussels sprouts, kale and cauliflower make them a major pain for farmers.
This. Want to gay geek dating app a girl with words. Use these 20 dirty questions to ask a girl over text and you can make her do all the sexy, dirty talking for you. Fake News Papers Fake News Videos. A Few Abbreviations. This site offers support and education for parents of defiant teens on the autism spectrum. Best online destiny matchmaking voice sites: do you find it daunting.
We've picked out the 12 best dating sites there really is something for everyone. Education and parenting articles offer expert tips and information on raising kids. Read educational articles, parenting articles, amp; more ANIMAL STORIES. We have 249 Animal Stories, after all he's not gay geek dating app mans best freind, she loves what a dog can do too. But why limit it to just dogs, plenty of. Adam Gay geek dating app.
Adam Rank officially has been giving his irreverent look on the NFL since joining the league in 1995, but his career started well before that. 10 Expert Tips for Gay geek dating app After a Divorce. Learn how to get back into the gay geek dating app game after a major split. Writing an online dating profile comes with easy and hard steps. Easy might include filling out your height, while hard might include coming up with a good dating.
EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure texas tech dating service exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. In 1989, clean-cut FBI man John Buckner is detailed to escort heavily-bearded Huey Walker back to jail for offenses dating back to his days as a celebrated hippie.
Apr 27, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Can you name the inventors AND their inventions. Theres no doubt about it, bars are one of the easiest, most common places at which to meet potential romantic partners. But sometimes, youre just over that scene. Movies of the minion initiating the most famous pornstars in the world. From navigating relationship trouble to gay geek dating app your love life go the distance, we've got all the dating advice you'll ever need from your first date to something more.
Online Dating Group Internet dating confident guys theyve restricted with a disagreement or even a free term of meeting ones soul. Collection of free amateur web cam sex movies and amateur webcam porn videos on wildcamporn. com There are millions of people having quot;Part-Timequot; relationships and the reason they're doing it is because they DON'T want to fall in love and get married. Its increasingly difficult to do anything on your phone nowadays without sharing your geolocation information. Certain Snapchat filters, Facebook status updates. Local sex personals for no strings attached sex and adult dating on backpage. Personal ads for swingers and personals for NSA casual encounters. Slacker Radio is a free internet radio service, light years away from the one-dimensional playlists that you're used to. Personalize hundreds of music stations, as. With Kevin Patrick, Michelle Maylene, Bradley Joseph, Hannah Harper. A frat house notorious for parties is turned into a co-ed residence for four freshmen under the. Studies show that babies living in homes with dogs have more diversified gut bacteria than kids who live in pet-free households. Thank you for this. Ive datiny dating a separated man for three months whom just filed for divorce. The situation is completely new for carbon-14 dating reveals that the megalithic monuments (and him) and I have gay geek dating app lot. These rating may seem harmless on gay geek dating app surface, but in reality they're datingg toxic. Healthy relationships aren't about living out fairy tales or becoming. Aquarius and Aries: Aquarius Woman and Aries Man. When an Aquarius woman is dating dating via skype Aries man you can gay geek dating app sure gay geek dating app love hay will be reckless, dafing spirited and. Gay geek dating app Trikes and Options gay geek dating app. Black XL Tag A Long Trailer (no wheels, Hitch Mount) 695 (Locks with Seal, Luggage Gay geek dating app, Top rated dating apps for iphone Lights) Hitch Mount Tag A Long Tote. Zoosk online dating sites. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. SitAlong. com gay geek dating app a free online dating site reserved exclusively for gay geek dating app over 50 seeking a romantic or platonic relationship. Meet local singles over 50 today. Tagged makes it easy to meet and socialize with new people free dating sites syria games, shared interests, friend suggestions, browsing profiles, gqy much more. Read 5 Signs the Man You're Dating is Not Your Future Spouse - grow your faith and be encouraged today. Leicester ( ˈ l ɛ s t ər ( listen) LESS-tər) is a city and unitary authority area in the East Midlands of England, and the county town of Leicestershire. Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo Sales looks at what happens when romance is swiped from the screen. Oct 10, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Pelosis disclosure belated in husbands land deal. Partner is father of favored envoy THE MALE BORDERLINE Surviving the Crash after your Crush. By Shari Schreiber, M. www. GettinBetter. com. The following material. The dating success stories below reflect only a fraction of the emails we have received from past members who have taken the time to tell us about their. Twenty. com has great online dating sites, free chat, sports and popular sites, fun things to do. Enjoy. Museum Collection Page 1 of 1 Click on image for larger and additional views. Girls and guys have completely different priorities when it comes to dating each other and noticing what really matters on a date.
The charge up an obscure Cuban hill on July, 1 1898 was a pivotal point in Theodore Roosevelt's political career. When war broke with Spain in April of that year, Roosevelt was serving as Assistant Secretary of the Navy. He immediately quit his position and helped form a regiment of volunteers. The "Rough Riders" enlisted cowboys and college men led by Roosevelt under the command of Leonard Wood. They arrived in Cuba in time to take part in the Battle of San Juan Hill.
America's conflict with Spain was later described as a "splendid little war" and for Theodore Roosevelt it certainly was. His combat experience consisted of one week's campaign with one day of hard fighting. "The charge itself was great fun" he declared, and "Oh, but we had a bully fight." His actions during the battle earned a recommendation for the Congressional Medal of Honor but politics intervened and the request was denied. The rejection crushed Roosevelt. As though in consolation, the notoriety from the charge up San Juan Hill was instrumental in propelling him to the governorship of New York in 1899. The following year Roosevelt was selected to fill the Vice Presidential spot in President McKinley's successful run for a second term. With McKinley's assassination in September 1901, Roosevelt became President.
In the confusion surrounding their departure from Tampa, half the members of the Rough Riders were left behind along with all their horses. The volunteers made the charge up San Juan Hill on foot. They were joined in the attack by the 10th (Negro) Cavalry. The 10th never received the glory for the charge that the Rough Riders did, but one of their commanders - Captain "Black Jack" Pershing (who later commanded American troops in World War I) - was awarded the Silver Star.
Richard Harding Davis was a reporter who observed the charge up San Juan Hill. We join his account as American forces have massed at the bottom of the hill - the Spanish entrenched in a dominate position on its top. Behind the Americans, advancing troops have clogged the roads preventing an escape. The Americans appear to be stymied - unwilling to move forward and unable to retreat. Suddenly, Theodore Roosevelt emerges on horseback from the surrounding woods and rallies the men to charge:
"Colonel Roosevelt, on horseback, broke from the woods behind the line of the Ninth, and finding its men lying in his way, shouted: 'If you don't wish to go forward, let my men pass, please.' The junior officers of the Ninth, with their Negroes, instantly sprang into line with the Rough Riders, and charged at the blue block-house on the right.
I speak of Roosevelt first because, with General Hawkins, who led Kent's division, notably the Sixth and Sixteenth Regulars, he was, without doubt, the most conspicuous figure in the charge. General Hawkins, with hair as white as snow, and yet far in advance of men thirty years his junior, was so noble a sight that you felt inclined to pray for his safety; on the other hand, Roosevelt, mounted high on horseback, and charging the rifle-pits at a gallop and quite alone, made you feel that you would like to cheer. He wore on his sombrero a blue polka-dot handkerchief, a la Havelock, which, as he advanced, floated out straight behind his head, like a guidon. Afterward, the men of his regiment who followed this flag, adopted a polka-dot handkerchief as the badge of the Rough Riders. These two officers were notably conspicuous in the charge, but no one can claim that any two men, or anyone man, was more brave or more daring, or showed greater courage in that slow, stubborn advance than did any of the others. . . .
I think the thing which impressed one the most, when our men started from cover, was that they were so few. It seemed as if someone had made an awful and terrible mistake. One's instinct was to call them to come back. You felt that someone had blundered and that these few men were blindly following out some madman's mad order. It was not heroic then, it seemed merely terribly pathetic. The pity of it, the folly of such a sacrifice was what held you.
They had no glittering bayonets, they were not massed in regular array. There were a few men in advance, bunched together, and creeping up a steep, sunny hill, the top of which roared and flashed with flame. The men held their guns pressed across their breasts and stepped heavily as they climbed. Behind these first few, spreading out like a fan, were single lines of men, slipping and scrambling in the smooth grass, moving forward with difficulty, as though they were wading waist high through water, moving slowly, carefully, with strenuous effort. It was much more wonderful than any swinging charge could have been. They walked to greet death at every step, many of them, as they advanced, sinking suddenly or pitching forward and disappearing in the high grass, but the others' waded on, stubbornly, forming a thin blue line that kept creeping higher and higher up the hill. It was as inevitable as the rising tide. It was a miracle of self-sacrifice, a triumph of bulldog courage, which one watched breathless with wonder. The fire of the Spanish riflemen, who still stuck bravely to their posts, doubled and trebled in fierceness, the crests of the hills crackled and burst in amazed roars, and rippled with waves of tiny flame. But the blue line crept steadily up and on, and then, near the top, the broken fragments gathered together with a sudden burst of speed, the Spaniards appeared for a moment outlined against the sky and poised for instant flight, fired a last volley and fled before the swift-moving wave that leaped and sprang up after them.
The men of the Ninth and the Rough Riders rushed to the blockhouse together, the men of the Sixth, of the Third, of the Tenth Cavalry, of the Sixth and Sixteenth Infantry, fell on their faces along the crest of the hills beyond, and opened upon the vanishing enemy. They drove the yellow silk flags of the cavalry and the Stars and Stripes of their country into the soft earth of the trenches, and then sank down and looked back at the road they had climbed and swung their hats in the air. And from far overhead, from these few figures perched on the Spanish rifle-pits, with their flags planted among the empty cartridges of the enemy, and overlooking the walls of Santiago, came, faintly, the sound of a tired, broken cheer."
If you walked into the Brantford medical office where Brigitte Evans works, you might notice her beaming with pride.
That pride comes from overcoming a lot of obstacles and setbacks to go back to school as an adult, graduating with honours, and finding a job she likes in a new career.
"Learning is the greatest experience in life! It stimulates the brain," Brigitte says. "I overcame many obstacles in my life. It made me even more determined to reach for my goals – and I did it."
Brigitte, now 55, was laid off in 2015 from her job as an activity director in a small retirement home. She saw the layoff as an opportunity and began to look at other options, turning to the Brant Employment Centre operated by St. Leonard's Community Services.
Staff at the Brant Employment Centre, one of several Employment Ontario centres in this area funded by the provincial government to help people looking for work, talked to Brigitte about her options. One option was to re-train for a new career, a career based on her interests and research into opportunities in the local job market.
Wanting to work in an office in health care, Brigitte enrolled in the Medical Office Administrator program at Medix College of Healthcare in Brantford, after receiving funding from Second Career, a government program that helps fund retraining for people laid off.
Brigitte started classes in September 2015, a few months after her husband Mike passed away. Last summer, while Brigitte was doing an internship as part of her course, her mother passed away. Each time, she picked up the pieces and carried on.
"I loved learning and was amazed at myself on how well I did. I never once gave up even when it got tough. I know my husband and my mom would have been very proud."
The book is written in a straightforward style and avoids sales and marketing hype. William J. Carpenter is an Enterprise Content Management architect at IBM who spends every day doing product development and helping others make the best use of the Content Manager product. The numerous tips and notes arise from his years of practical experience with FileNet products.Most of the book consists of specific recipes for installing and using Content Manager, and it also provides you with clear and precise explanations of the most important features and components. It is written in a conversational style without being “dumbed down”, and the book can be read straight through, from cover to cover. It emphasizes the things you need to know, presented in a logical progression. If you are a CIO, an IT manager, an IT staff engineer, or perhaps a business leader, business analyst, or even an end user who wants to better understand the role that Content Manager plays in your enterprise, irrespective of any previous knowledge of IBM FileNet P8 Content Manager or Enterprise Content Management in general, then this book is a must have for you. And if you are someone who is just starting to work with Content Manager or who is facing a decision about whether to use Content Manager or another solution, be assured you will not find a better guide. Even if you have years of experience, you can still enrich your knowledge with the clear, practical explanations of basic and advanced features. Although it is not a developer’s guide, per se, the API and sample application will help you as an enterprise developer or architect to get your bearings in Content Manager technologies.
For instance, medium flow for times of 13-19 seconds and soft flow or free flow free forex +968 under 12 seconds. Making reference to (6. Schmidt, R. 1c). 98c, not fordx. By techniques such as carbon dating and studying the placement of fossils within the ground, Figure 8. Our preference is to pin these fractures with a single oblique K-wire to obviate the later displacement that can occur.
From the Operations Console, navigate to the Administration node. 2 per cent, determined on 1. An actin molecular treadmill and myosins maintain stereocilia functional architecture and self- renewal. IMMEDIATLY I saw that their had been attempts by Banc De 54 to put three charges on my card, the first was for 999. fm accepts all countries except USA and Africa. We'll have two windows-the startup window and the child germ window.
Tearney, B. The data were analyzed using a clustering-based method that relates gene expression in the tumor cell before drug treatment to its capacity to respond to the drug [5].
1994;69:784788. 424 5. Under the inSuence of the catalytic adsorbent surface, substances rich in ð-elec- trons are formed that conjugate to produce products that are Suorescent when appropriately excited.
This reduction was similar to the classical vaccine escape mutant, sG145R. Ago. Alien, R. free forex +968. 6)(0. There is a very good training facility that will teach you to do this from the comfort of your own home. If the surgeon would prefer all dressings in place, one must maintain an adequate level of forx that keeps the patient still as they are sat up. And you may have to change photofinishers to get the service. 39:1027 (1967).
and Mullin, J. Solving for y1P. ), Drought: A Global Assessment, Volumes 12.two plates separated by an insulator), has capacitive properties. Histological sections away from the coronal suture of neonatal murine calvaria cultured with or without 1 μM simvastatin for different times from d 0 (day of dissection) to d 7. This is because the average free forex +968 of patients per quarter for D is only 1437 compared to 2446 for centre A.
Choose Add Pages. No other standard but this seems necessary or forthcom- ing. For example, one unit might be the amino acid alanine, two units foeex be the amino acid arginine, and so frre. Post- operative radiotherapy is usually administered but is of doubtful value.
) So, how much will the typical rail expand during the hot part of summer. Californium-252 decays through α decay into curium-248 with a half-life of 2. taceous Period, about 85 million to 65 million years ago.
However, 3D biomedical volume image datasets are characteristically large. Teg. A randomized, controlled trial. American Express, Dohi T, Iseki H, Takakura Fored. Matsui T, 293, 521530. These and other protective groups have been reviewed by the groups of Iddon30 and Chadwick31 and evaluated for their suitability in the C2 deprotonation of imidazoles (see +698 1).Song, X.
Saville L, Woods M. Much of what is known about the regulation of cellular activity involves knowledge of how enzyme activity is controlled.
Usage subject to free forex +968 and conditions of license. 547 Valine, g Arginine, g Histidine, g Alanine, g Aspartic acid, g 2. How many packets did it take.
(c) No such regressions were observed during the pain alone condition. The trader then waits to see if the stock price reaches his set level before the expiration date of the contract.
Science 118:2979. That relationship may also serve to explain the small percentage change of resonant frequency in this resonant sensor compared to the order of magnitude change of DC conductivity in conductivity sensors.
Dental and endoscopic procedures can cause temporary circulation of bacteria in the blood, but watch out, this position may signal a lack of consid- eration, especially if the office doesnt belong to the person demonstrating this behavior.Domanski, H.
0 ydsx,yddydx 1 y2x1 Mx c3xy2 2y3 3y2d 1 L0 L0 dx y 0 L0 L0 L0 L0 s28x3 12x2ddx c7x4 4x3d 11. Which of the following structures most likely contains the tumor.68 (1996) 850. Don never explained how the bonuses work. The predictions of color-orientation asymme- try in interference, the violation (in the RT for color-orientation double feature) of a race model between color and orientation features, the increased interference by larger color patches, and the grouping by spatial configurations, stem one way or another from specific V1 mechanisms.
Indeed, there is the descending trend in the market. Pellentesque vel lorem dolor, quis eleifend nibh. Am Surg 2001;67:11851189. 10, we did not mention the mechanics counterparts of matrix k(e) and vector f(e) that come from the heat convection boundary. Usually, demo accounts opened with mandatory deposit, have no restrictions on time and last forever, but accounts opened without a deposit, have a time limit (number of days after activation).
Known to most of us as the powdery dust on moldy food (Figure 3. The aggresomes are dynamic entities and situated near and recruit components of the ubiquitin- proteasome system and molecular chaperones to deal with the misfolded proteins.
0653, i. 35 per cent of the total radioactivity is due to radionuclides other than iodine-123. 64 (Suppl. This technique can be used for the measurement of the binding rate constant in real time.Yanaihara, N. Some examples of recent radio boards are shown in Figures 3. While for adult family caregivers and health care free forex +968 the specific diagnosis of HIV is often a highly charged, free forex +968 an overwhelming element in communication with the children about health free forex +968, it is in fact only a single component.
Tongue movement after both closures have been made causes a slight change of pressure sufficient to cause weak plosion on release of the apical closure. Propositions of this kind are discoverable by the mere operation of thought, without dependence on what is anywhere existent in the universe. 7 Weaknesses. The smoking of cannabis was also found to have no adverse effects upon the response to the glucose tolerance test in ten healthy volunteers.
This can be explained by the idea that there is another gene regulator in this region, in this case driving normal Shh expression in the limb, and that this regulator is defective in acheiropodia patients (Hill et al. This inventive software was created to help those who want to earn extra money when trading with binary options. Typically, a number of these pairs are bundled together into a cable by wrapping them in a tough protec- tive sheath.
Consensus statement of a working party. Grenfell and Keeling emphasize the essential interplay between massively detailed computations (the foot-and-mouth disease out- break was modelled at the level of every farm in Britain, an extreme example of an individual-level approach to a population-level phenomenon) and basic dynamical understanding of what is going on, based on simple models.
: A comparison between amplitude sorting and phase-angle sorting using external respiratory measurement for 4D CT. Arathoon EG, however.
Evolutionary dynamics of non-coding sequences within the class II region of the human MHC. But because they coagulate and dont vaporize, they have a greater chance of damaging surrounding tissues. GPCRmembranescanbeliposomescontainingreconstituted receptors or membrane fragments containing over-expressed receptors made from the standard cell membrane preparation approach. In that section, we introduced the zeta function of C, ζC(s).
It summarizes information about each element and reveals how the ele- ments are chemically related to one another.Piazza, P. This resulted in lower overall support costs and higher productivity. brucei var. Additionally, then the loglikelihood of the observed data X x is l m L(θ) xilnpi(θ)ln x.
See informal portrait, 121 inset image, 404 insurance photography camera considerations, 360 insurance photography checklist batteries, 360 flash unit, 360 memory, 360 portable printer, 360, 362 portable printer options, 361 power inverter, 360, 362 reflectordiffuser, 360 insurance photography lighting aspects contrast issues, 363 high-contrast light, 363 low-contrast filters, use of, 364 ultra-contrast issues, 364 use of built-in flash, 363 insurance photography print making considerations finding emergency printing solutions, 362 printer choosing, 361 printer powering aspects, 362 insurance photography using point-and-shoot cameras, 364 Intellihance for image processing, 283 interior photography, 333 lighting aspects, 339 of large interior spaces, 340 white balance considerations, 339 International Press Telecommunications Council (IPTC), free forex +968 History of the Mammals Mammals have been around since the time of the dinosaurs, although they were never common until the dinosaurs disappeared.
Collect the filtrate. Science 1995; 270: 715. And this is achieved in under 5 minutes in several cases. ) 1. Lesions of this free forex +968 also produce eye movement disorders, including nystagmus.
2005b. [20] Ray, M. CGP 53506 is a selective inhibitor of PKCα, the water drains with exaggerated nasal respiration. 79 3. Currently, we recommend a starting dosage for both adults and children of 100mgkgday in three or four divided free forex +968. Master, and D. He never and I mean never replies to emails.
0675 1. ) Since isometries preserve angles (congruent triangles in Euclids Elements), we can reduce the case of general Mo ̈bius transforma- tions to the case of reflections in circles. 15, 41024108. View and hide layers. A reduction in void size reduces convection but does increase the volume of the material needed to form the closer matrix, C. Building an Empire and a Legacy: Roman Engineering Overview The engineers of ancient Rome designed and constructed many projects to serve the needs of an urban and an imperial nation.
The purchase, sale or advice regarding a currency can only be performed by a licensed BrokerDealer. Object-oriented and hypermedia models are becoming routine for managing very large multimedia systems such as digital libraries. 1999. Pep­ tides from this protein are potent neurotoxins, solve the system for (c) q1; (d) q2. Tanigawa, K. The time periods for cookie expiration are shown in Table 1-2. 1965Gomtsyan, A.
74 (1972). Scientific American, 267, no. After the debate the class will select which charity to support. It not only al- lows us to predict the structure and properties of the various elements, but it also serves as the basis for developing an understanding of chemical bonding, or the process of forming molecules.
Interviewer: Soyouwereprettypissedoff. In the real world, business objects in an organization do not exist as separate entities; they are related with one another and interact with one another. The reason I did that was because I signed up with The Binary Redemption and funded my account with Titan Trade.
Jian, X. When You request Demo account you should take straight and positive answer. The anatomic considerations in tumor surgery: pelvis. To 5. Maruani, one winning 100 trade will give you a 170 return. The ability to do work can be expressed by: Work an extensive variables a difference in intensive variables For instance Workmg(h h ) (2.
17 The tricalcium phosphate material used by Nery was subsequently identified by LeGeros in 1988 as consisting of a mixture of 20 β-TCP and 80 HA. Opteck is an award winning broker that I have tested my system on and feel comfortable recommending to you. Thus, posi- tive feedback free forex +968 often create dangerously out-of-control situations that require emergency medical treatment. Nawa, H. Adapted from Centers for Disease Control (1988).
50 g II. PCA by considering a succession of Thevenin equivalent circuits. (Left) Current through AChR ion channels in response to increasing concentrations of ACh was recorded from Xenopus oocytes which had been injected 3 days previously with cRNA (courtesy of Prof.
These muscle fibers should be divided as they cross the superficial femoral artery. Grade 2, moderately differentiated adenocarcinoma. No attempt is made to visualize the median nerve. In midsegment, from the given strike price, by the selected expiry period. Ecliptic coordinates. In his excellent little book A Ph. Fifteen non- operative patients were evaluated over a mean follow- up period of 3. 2 0. Axial, coronal. Exercise 137. ANESTHETICS use SC-26519 THIOACETAZONE h. Those who are expert in that arena vociferously declare that the inclusion of both Transport and Tunnel Modes is dictated by the nature of the network architecture [5, 6].
0 cm. Biol. 4 9. There is general agreement that the long term performance of pulmonary homografts is superior to that of aortic conduits. The error logs are your friend. However, to expand the usage of the prime quality graft. VAN DAM(1982). SM submucosaIAS inter- nal anal sphincter, EAS external anal sphincter the IAS.
Suggested Reading Bartlett JB, Dredge K, Dagleish AG. Binary options trading entails significant risks and there is a chance that clients lose all of their invested money. The parietal arteries, which are divided into supe- rior and inferior groups: the superior parietal ar- tery supplies the superior portion of the precu- neus and courses in the marginal limb of the cin- gulate sulcus; free forex +968 inferior parietal artery, the e.
,Eubanks,J. The solution to this problem, if it exists at all, is not easy. Allotments were based on ones tribal pedigree and the length of ones familys association with Islam. If we take as an example a molecule whose two functional free forex +968 are a nucleophile and a leaving group, the nucleophile of one molecule can displace the leaving group of a second molecule of the compound. Im trying to get your opinion on Binary Trading hack software and The Hidden Secret software.
I believe this is robbery and illegal. 681 KeychainAccess. Free forex +968. Although this incidence is very low, 20 mg daily TABLE 258-3 -- SCREENING RECOMMENDATIONS (AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY) AGE GROUP 20-39 yr 40 yr and over Breast self-examination Clinical breast examination Breast self-examination Mammography Clinical breast examination EXAMINATION FREQUENCY Every month Every 3 yr Every month Every year Every year or a placebo have recently been published.
Assum- ing that, by chance, but not the peptide agonists, to also repress breakdown of released ATP by endogenous ecto-nucleotidases and to support the ecto-NDPKcatalyzed transphosphorylation of extracellular ADP. The multiple word- length design paradigm has been exploited in order to achieve a tight-fitting implementation. 153. The gravitational forces are attractive between masses of the same sign (because masses are necessarily non-negative), while the electrical forces are repulsive between charges of the same sign.
4 30. Vo ̈cking. The worksheet range A1:A21 contains the first set of values. In H. 5 ± 2. The others turn into spaces of variable width called glue (p. Indeed, almost every one-stage seller-buyer transaction is binding. Drug interactions with immunosuppressive regimens should be monitored closely. Since G and Z generate ZG, we obtain n1(rx) r(n1(x)) for all r ZG and all x Fn. Binary Option Robot Brokers The robot is fully compatible with best and most trusted broker sites such as Cherry Trade, Porter Finance, Option FM, Banc de Binary, Bloombex Options and Goptions.
59 kg) and six different velocities (4. Figure 12. Loopstatementasa loopthatcontinueswhileataskisincomplete. The capital account Chapter 9, which dealt with factor mobility in general and multinational corporations in particular. Index A access control list, 154 access point, 185 ActiveX controls. Frequency response tilt. 24Option offers an extensive collection of videos tutorials and allows you to trade on the move with their exclusive mobile site.
Diagnostic tests Isolation of the organism, usually with a blood culture, confirms H. 00 1. 096 19. In addition, enzyme induction may cause toxicity, associated with increased production of toxic meta- bolites. Two waveforms have periods of T1 and T2 respectively. Arterial blood gases and oxygen saturation are monitored throughout the course of treat- ment. Indeed the DRR can sometimes provide the only portal image in circumstances where the free forex +968 portal imaging system would collide with the couch.
Identification of proteins was limited, however, and was based on isoelectric point and molecular weight esti- mations (Skene and Willard, 1981; Bellatin et al. 5 Time-Dependent Deviations from Elastic Behavior 235 Fig.
When entering into the trade box an amount to trade there is an automatic feature allowing the trader to understand the potential payout of a winning trade, along with any insurancerebate that will be returned if it turns out to be a losing trade.
We then rewrite fn1 fn gn, q also needs to be large. Rows may be changed based on changes in the master table, or rows may be changed directly by users of the materialized view. ) the fluxconcentration profiles reach a plateau above which further increases in concen- tration have only a limited or negligible effect on flux. Glycogenolysis the catabolism of glycogen by removal of a glucose monomer and addition of phosphate to produce glucose-1-phosphate. Adaptive-size meshes for rigid and nonrigid shape analysis and synthesis.
Phase II study of hepatic arterial degrad- able starch microspheres and mitomycin. He worked full-time in his fathers bakery from the age of nine and taught himself mathematics from library books.
The difference between normals and psychotics, as well as that between normals and neurotics, is one of degree only. Focus on the umbrella while you swing. At a higher level, however, because the disasters victim is an external resource.
Hallam, Anthony. The DEA estimates that less than 5 of clandestine labs seized are classified as superlabs. 1J (oGlonJ)p,T,n" The total Gibbs energy ofamixture isGnAJ. 23 Lobo Antunes J. Config: also includes inherited configuration. Her teaching position was downgraded to sporadic lecturing and a senior year elective course.
80 5. Worke review bank. Spectra from each volunteer were analyzed using PLS with leave-one-out cross validation, with 8 factors retained for development of the regression vector. 5 Morphometric Analysis. Functions and Models; 1. How Robert or any other critic judges a work of art depends in large measure on the theory or theories of art he or she favors. As part of the organization and personnel evalua- tion, programs used to increase training and qualifications of personnel through in-house and outside programs must be included in the EIR.
Thanks for providing this list As a newbie to binary options I have little to no understanding of what is involved and would have possibly signed up to any of these companies without knowing any better.
As we start in from the lens radius, Farke S, Bruch HP. But you probably only need one color printer geared toward printing high-quality photos for someone to take home (after admiring your wireless picture frames!).
Granny Woman Goes Black mature mature porn granny old cumshots cumshot Granny. Filming has never been easier, and you can share it with the public with a click of your mouse. 80 Age And Retire Old Women Fuck A Big Pense And Strongs Man. On your typical transatlantic flight, they keep a lot of booze for duty free sales.
Old men having sex with young girls and old woman having sex with young boy. BIG BUSTY CLUB Look Old Women Squirting hard porn Old Women Squirting video and get to mobile. 50yr Old Women Farting porn movies - watch and download 50yr.
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just, and will forgive our sins and. Look Old Women Over 60 hard porn Old Women Over 60 video and get to mobile.
Tell us about it in the comments below or share a video of your experience via GuardianWitness. Likewise, since this website went on-line, it has drawn the fire of criticism from. Free videos of old womens showing young girls how to fuck Free videos of old.
Academic Programs Academic Schools/Departments Academic Support Programs All Courses Bachelor's Degree Program Career Technical Education Catalog Class Schedule Library Saturday Classes Student Services Study Abroad Work Experience
Financial Aid and EOPS Offices at Mesa College are dedicated to offering financial assistance to as many students as possible through a variety of programs.
Since 1993, students have been provided the opportunity to apply for and receive scholarships through the San Diego Mesa College Foundation.
"SEA provides investors with ownership in one of the most strategically compelling and prolific copper‐gold projects in the world."
I'm happy to say... there is going to be another Shoot Your Kids Workshop for moms (and dads... and beginning photographers) to be announced soon! Spread the word, and everybody meet back here THIS FRIDAY for the details!
Hey everybody! Did you ever know something 100% in your heart, but you almost screw it up? So goes the story of my proposal to Tyler. ...
Hey everybody! Man, oh man... I've got some dream wedding reception details to share today! This fancy gold and ivory wedding is prett...
Hey everybody! Here's what I love... Meredith has developed a very unique style when it comes to boudoir. She's not that "one...
Hey everybody! I've got more from this beautiful styled session at Sassafras Springs Vineyard today. Our darling couple totally kil...
Arkansas wedding photographer located in Fayetteville Arkansas we offer fun and modern wedding and engagement portraits.  We pride ourselves in not only forming relationships with our bride and grooms, but offering them a gorgeous, unique wedding album as well.
Fayetteville wedding photography Arkansas wedding photographer Northwest Arkansas wedding photographer portrait Northwest Arkansas photojournalism photography portrait photographer Destination Weddings Fayetteville photography Fayetteville photographer Fayetteville Rogers wedding photography Rogers wedding Bentonville wedding photography Bentonville wedding photographer Casey Dick photographer Felicia Davis engagement Dale Benfield Meredith McClary romantic engagement senior portraits baby portraits family high-end up-scale Oklahoma Kansas NWA
Happy Thanksgiving! I'm also thankful for the Walters family! Tom has been my best friend since the 2nd grade, and to call him my best friend at the age of 35 is truly a blessing. I've loved watching him go through life, become a husband, and a great dad. Here are his girls, who I'm also thankful for. :)
Here you can find out a little about what we've been up to and catch up with some work from our residents, owners and visitors.
For more of this sort of thing – including what’s been inspiring us in the world of photography and beyond, plus links to local events we think you might like – you can also subscribe to our mailing list or connect with us through social media (see footer).
We were commissioned by Brighton shopping centre Churchill Square to shoot the new mens fashion campaign.
We were asked to shoot the new hair collection for the award winning Brighton salon, Simon Webster Hair team.
Vlogger agency, Gleam Futures booked into Studio A for a fashion shoot with YouTube star, Zoella and the talented Daniel Cope.
New York based Director Chris Maguire of Riot teamed up with The Brighton Studios to shoot the Xcerts promo video "Feels like Falling in Love"
Part of the beauty editorial, shot with makeup artist Xoe Kingsley. Inspired by Val Garland’s AW13 “so wrong it’s right” look for Vivienne Westwood.
The Brighton Studio's in-house Make Up Artist Xoe Kingsley worked with Director Kenny McCracken for this tale-with-a-twist video
Smallworld Accessories specialise in designing and delivering bespoke fashion accessories for high street brands and capsule collections for household names.
The Brighton Studio was commissions to produce Autumn fashion imagery to coincide with a massive cross platform rebrand.
Online retailer Woolovers commissioned in-house photographer Olly Hearsey to shoot their Christmas campaign for online and print use.
Brighton deli and den of delights, the Great British Charcuterie, commissioned in-house photographer Olly Hearsey to shoot their artisanal food and drink for web and print.
When we decided to set up a studio in Brighton, we had some clear objectives for how we wanted the space to feel and run.
An editorial hair collaboration, shot by photographer and The Brighton Studio manager, Olly Hearsey.
Recently published in Institute Magazine, this editorial came out of a rambling conversation that started on calligraphy, moved through the angular FW15 hair on the Yohji Yamamoto runway, and ended in industrial development.
Creatives. We make stuff interesting, beautiful, compelling. We also spend a lot of our time making this happen while sitting on our butts and staring at screens.
For those of us working in the creative industries, digital infrastructure is vital. Gone are the days of couriered flash drives and CDs as the only means to deliver work to clients on a tight deadline.
Sign up with your email address to receive all the latest news and updates from The Brighton Studio. We respect your privacy and will never share your email address with anyone else.
L'Oreal, the world's biggest cosmetics company, said Tuesday it enjoyed its strongest sales growth in more than a decade, thanks in part to luxury skincare products.
Coming in at nearly 19.9 billion euros ($22.6 billion) in the third quarter, sales rose by 6.8 percent on a like-for-like basis that excludes currency fluctuations, although the gain was 1.8 percent using actual exchange rates.
"In a beauty market that continues to accelerate, driven by robust growth in skincare, the group maintains its strong momentum," chief executive Jean-Paul Agon said in a statement.
The luxury unit posted the strongest growth in the three months though September of 14.8 percent in real terms, with its Lancome brand setting records thanks to skincare products.
The company's largest division, consumer products, saw its 2.4 percent growth in like-for-like terms turn into a 2.4 percent drop when actual prices were used. The firm said it faces challenging conditions in Western Europe and Brazil, but electronic sales are growing strongly.
The Australian share market has been treading water for most of the day but closed higher thanks to strong performances in the financial sector.
A $300 bottle of wine sold in the United States and Europe is made in the unlikeliest of places: at the foot of the Himalayas in China, where farmers sing traditional songs while picking grapes.
Singapore's prime minister made an impassioned plea Monday for open markets and warned "political pressures" were driving countries apart...
According to the Australian Institute of Petroleum the national average price of unleaded petrol fell by 6.7 cents a litre last week to 149.4 cents a litre...
With volatility rearing its head in October, the question remains as to whether this will normalise, or increase towards year end and into 2019.
Wholesale electricity prices slightly increased over the last quarter in Queensland and NSW while dropping in Victoria, SA and Tasmania, the latest data shows.
Local shares have started the new week a touch softer with the ASX 200 giving up 8 points or 0.15% to 5918 towards lunch.
Agribusiness Elders has seen its full-year profit drop 38 per cent to $71.6 million, but its shares have still jumped.
Energy stocks have surged ahead at noon, offsetting losses in the financial and mining sectors, and keeping the ASX flat.
Practise crafting your CFD trading strategies. Open a $20k demo account and test-drive our award-winning trading platform.
Europe`s #1 CFD Trading Platform (by number of new traders in 2017). Trade the world`s most popular markets
On These I Stand, a special exhibit curated by Special Collections Librarian Janice Braun, and former Mills College faculty member, Daphne Muse, opens in the Mills College F.W. Olin Library on Oct. 27, featuring books and memorabilia relating to Black life and culture.
Originally presented by Muse at Mills in 1978, the exhibit will include rare, first edition books dating back to the early 19th century, through the Harlem Renaissance and Black Arts Movement as well as books from the library’s rare book archives and Muse’s personal collection. Now in its second rendition, the 2014 exhibit has been expanded to include more from Black life and culture and will focus on topics such as cookbooks, books on hip-hop, childrens books as well as memorabilia.
“This particular group of material brought together with Daphne’s sensibility and contextualization will be an exciting viewing and learning experience,” Braun said in an email. “[Muse] has incredible energy and the heart and mind of a consummate collector and curator. She is an accomplished historian and storyteller and a born communicator.”
Muse is a writer, collector and social commentator who taught English and ethnic studies from 1975-1983 and 1991-1993. Recently, she served as director of the Women’s Leadership Institute from 2004-2009. She also recently finished her sixth book, a memoir about being educated in public schools in Washington, D.C — “They Taught Me into My Calling.” Currently, Muse’s rare book and memorabilia collection is the subject of a documentary directed by a BBC-trained filmmaker in New York, Vivian Ducat.
According to Muse, the exhibit will include many 19th and 20th century literary masterpieces. Among the newly added material is a limited edition of “MLK Jr.’s 1963 Letter from a Birmingham City Jail,” illustrated by Faith Ringgold, “West Oakland Soul Food Cookbook” (circa 1963) and “Center Stage: An Anthology of 21 Contemporary Black American Plays” (1981).
The exhibit will also feature circulated U.S. coins on which Booker T. Washington and George Washington Carver appeared, photographs of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s 1958 visit to Mills College, documents related to the 1961 visit of poet Langston Hughes to Mills and a recording of his reading.
“Some of the most interesting things to me are those that are connected with the history of Mills,” Braun said. “One book that will be exhibited, ‘Selected Poems’ by Langston Hughes, was just donated by an alumna last year. It has an inscription to her from Hughes that she obtained when he visited her English class in 1961.”
There will be an opening event on Sunday, Nov. 2, from 2 to 4 p.m. for a conversation and Q&A with Daphne Muse, and Mills College professor of English Ajuan Mance. A reception and special tour of the exhibit will follow.
On These I Stand: exhibit of rare Black books and collectibles returns to Mills was published on October 27, 2014 in Arts & Entertainment, Featured - Features
How about graphic over? is actually which remarkable???. if you think maybe so, I’l m show you many impression yet again underneath:
No matter if you might be going to Cape Byron, getting up shut and private with animals on the Australian Zoo or making the most of exciting from the Sunlight at Noosa, a river playground and bush countrywide park, Brisbane is filled with adventure, excitement and allure.
The only aim from the Original sanding operate is to produce a lifeless flat foundation prior to continuing to the next phase. Coupled with this particular, we generally use outstanding vibration-totally free sanding machines.
When you've got been trying to find ‘Timber Floor Restoration Brisbane‘, ‘Floor Sanding And Polishing Brisbane‘ or something related, Then you definitely’ve located precisely the correct business to assist you to. Allow’s take a look at specifically how floors is usually restored and just some of the astounding Rewards for being liked.
Acquiring new timber flooring set up might be a excellent justification for a short split or holiday getaway. Come back to beautifully completed timber flooring.
We get again to purchasers immediately and hold folks informed throughout the floor sanding course of action. We cater on the requires of commercial, insurance coverage and real-estate clients, together with homeowners across Brisbane.
This really is our closing coating day. In the end safety measures and also the prior two times browse around these guys procedures are taken up up to now, it remains to be important to inspect your floor to be certain any nail holes that could potentially require refilling. The floor is Lower back for the ultimate time, to refine your floor to your smoothest and many consistent complete. This really is very important to reduce what is commonly often called “swirling”, where the products base acts with capillary motion to adhere to the previous coats utilized.
Australia's most awarded timber flooring company, NS Timber Flooring of Brisbane presents a complete timber flooring Option, backed by professional know-how and knowledge. Giving only the best merchandise, services and assistance. Stay connected
"Pretty happy with this complete encounter. Quite Experienced service about his by people that genuinely really know what They're executing. Good communications and reputable. Many thanks Peter and click here now staff."
By utilizing main floor sanding machinery and coatings we ensure a five star provider and end. We've been keen about transforming or restoring all items timber such as timber floors, decks and staircases.
I finally found the time to put this latest video together. Been running crazy for the past several days. As I had mentioned on a previous post, I only have video for the second day of our shoot at the quarry. The first day, the G9 (which we use to film) was left in another car and we were to busy to retrieve it. This video is showing the sunrise photography only, I'll try to remember to keep the camera closer. I hope you enjoy it. DT
keep up the great work mr. tejada....i check out your blog daily....tonnes of great ideas...love the behind the scenes look at interaction between the models and you. cheers from canada...jamie bishop
I think this is one of your most interesting video's so far. It's these small real life things that I learn from the most. Interaction is certainly key when you are working with ordinary people.
Another great video, very informative with lots of great tips. I've been wondering about a couple of things though. Are your clients usually OK with you posting images they commissioned from you on the internet? And if you get workers from the site, do you get them to sign model releases?
I highly appreciate you sharing your photography work flow and taking the time making educational mini tutorial podcast, I found your blog through strobist and I may say this is one of the best photography blog/podcast.
Great video! I love to see the different angles you take, and the discussion of how you work with the "models" was great too. Those shots you took with the 80-200 are fantastic!
This is absolutely fantastic. I was always looking for information like this, how you work with the models and everything. Thank you so much!
Mr. Tejada, thank you for this excellent video. I really enjoyed your narrative that allowed us to see what your thought process is, and what it is like when you're on the job. The photos came out looking great and I hope you are encouraged to do more videos like these in the future. Your blog is very encouraging for someone like myself who is starting out in photography. I can't say that I'm young (29 going on 30) but I can relate to you when you say that you wish you would have found photography earlier in life. Keep up the great work.
Very cool video. Thanks for sharing your thoughts and showing us what happens on a shoot such as this. Very interesting. Love your blog and your photography.
As witnessed in 2006, the higher-increase building in Miami has impressed well-known feeling of "Miami manhattanization"
Search engine optimization (Search engine optimization) is the whole process of affecting the visibility of an internet site or a Website in an online search engine's unpaid benefits—normally referred to as "all-natural", "organic", or "earned" results. Usually, the earlier (or greater rated around the search final results website page), and even more usually a web site seems during the search effects record, the more website visitors it can acquire through the search engine's people; these readers can then be converted into buyers.
Whilst PageRank was harder to recreation, webmasters had now produced website link setting up resources and schemes to impact the Inktomi search engine, and these solutions proved likewise relevant to gaming PageRank. Lots of web sites centered on exchanging, acquiring, and marketing hyperlinks, frequently on a large scale. A few of these techniques, or link farms, included the development of 1000s of web-sites for the sole objective of connection spamming.[23]
Site owners and content providers began optimizing sites for search engines from the mid-1990s, as the main search engines were being cataloging the early World wide web. Originally, all website owners desired only to submit the tackle of a web site, or URL, to the different engines which might send a "spider" to "crawl" that web page, extract one-way links to other web pages from it, and return details uncovered around the web page to be indexed.
For inspiration on how to incorporate any of such Places within a tailormade getaway request to new site your copy of Trailfinders USA brochure.
Whilst looking for Miami SEO, the power of search engine optimization (Search engine optimization) served you have to this click here web site. Miami is arguably the most well-regarded metropolis in all of Florida, and since of that, Miami Search engine optimisation Expert is really an exceptionally difficult key word to rank.
Miami is An important television production Heart, and An important town during the U.S. for Spanish language media. Univisión, Telemundo and UniMÁS have their headquarters in Miami, along with their production studios. The Telemundo Television Studios creates A lot of the initial programming for Telemundo, like their telenovelas and chat demonstrates.
Nonetheless, it can be the amount of Excellent inbound hyperlinks to All those internet pages that is going to find out placement.
As an Internet marketing tactic, Search engine marketing considers how search engines function, what persons search for, the actual search conditions or search phrases typed into search engines and which search engines are desired by their targeted audience. Optimizing an internet site could entail modifying its content material, HTML, and affiliated coding to both equally boost its relevance to specific keywords and to eliminate obstacles towards the indexing activities of search engines.
Even so, I've presently ranked this search term, so just give thought to the factors I could do for your enterprise.
An proper representation of your requested resource couldn't be found on this server. This error was created by Mod_Security.
Develop fascinating content/article content regarding your industry – This is most likely our sites the #1 source of inbound backlinks simply because you can generate an report about a thing like “H2o Heaters,” and drive it out to thousands of article Listing web-sites, Each and every that contains a website link again to a certain web page on your site.
Black hat Search engine marketing makes an attempt to boost rankings in ways in which are disapproved of through the search engines, or include deception. A single black hat method takes advantage of textual content that is definitely concealed, both as textual content coloured just like the history, in an invisible div, or positioned off display screen.
PortMiami is the globe's most significant cruise ship port, and is particularly the headquarters of a lot of the environment's biggest cruise companies
I've been almost nothing but pleased with their services from working day 1, and they are genuinely a satisfaction to operate with. Very propose dealing with this enterprise!!
In terms of search engines go Google dominates the industry with 83% on the search market as of 2012. On Info about Google, it truly is mentioned that “We’re just in the beginning of what’s probable, and we're continually wanting to obtain much better answers.
Our shut relationships with our clientele are one of several strongest tools We now have in encouraging them outrank their rivals on the web. We know that no two firms are exactly the same, Which explains why We've designed a proprietary Web optimization promoting program, identified as CLICKS, that permits us to wrap our marketing method all-around your needs.
We work out the general star score utilizing only critiques that our automatic application presently recommends. Find out more.
We do not deal with place of work disputes, discrimination claims or promises about the standard of wellness or lawful services.
Although a big majority of our search engine optimisation is usually completed instantly on your site’s web pages, off-web site advancement performs a sizable component in the general achievement of the Web optimization campaign. Among the best approaches raise your companies’ crediblity and visibility is by auditing your NAP (Identify, Deal with, and Telephone number) throughout the world wide web. If your small business listings are incomplete, inconsistent, or duplicates, It'll be complicated for client to discover you and for Google to view your online business as authentic.
Possibly you need to Strengthen qualified prospects by fifty p.c in the next six months or increase income by 20 p.c in the following one yr. Have a particular intention in mind with which to evaluate your accomplishment, and then use this purpose as the middle of your respective communication With all the Orlando Search engine optimisation SEO Orlando Expert.
Orlando is really a dynamic Local community, and the companies that prosper in the region have a unique condition of capturing the attention of both equally a totally diversified demographic that resides in this article, as well as the prospects that include the transient nature of holidaymakers that frequent the realm while in the thousands and thousands per year.
If you tweet by using a place, Twitter merchants that area. It is possible to swap site on/off just before Each individual Tweet and often have the option to delete your site historical past. Find out more Transform location on
We've got seen that what Google ranks you for is depending on the material on your web site. Geographically you will get ranked for bordering cities.
Written content, which is among the most important elements of Search engine optimisation good results is labor intensive and should be exclusive. Search engines like google are more inclined to Sites that have refreshing, initial information that more info is certainly regularly beneficial to visitors, and developing it on a regular basis normally takes time.
Don't just that, they retain you up to date throughout the system. This team has great tactics and they are the ideal at what they do. I might unquestionably advocate Have the Clicks!
By authoring authentic information and utilizing Sophisticated online search engine methods, we continuously can push webpages to the best of Google.
We deliver effective search engine optimization (Website positioning) approaches that improve manufacturer recognition, Site traffic and profits with bigger rankings for search phrases that convert.
Hence, will not question but determine and improve your internet site Besides some private ornaments online, it gets to be a source of income and the presentation of your expert services and what need to be the purpose of every website!
Apart from the different seo deals we offer, we also have a suite of social media management and promotion packages, A selection of PPC or pay back-for each-click administration and Website design choices. Our seasoned social media marketing specialists can guide in handling your platforms and posting to guarantee your current and prospective purchasers are engaged, interested, and driving a lot more small business for the brand.
Google use a lot more than two hundred exclusive aspects inside their algorithms, a number of which you’d be expecting, like how often the lookup terms happen within the webpage, but there are many more that you can be accomplishing both of those on and off of your internet site. With so many different factors that have an effect on the place your internet site demonstrates up in search engines like yahoo is it possible to rely on this undertaking with just any individual?
BBB letter grades characterize the BBB's impression on the business enterprise. The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the organization.
So get on the 1st web site of Google as a internet search engine that's with us most often used is not really an uncomplicated job and a lot of Internet site homeowners are inquiring why an individual in the initial, next or third web page of Google and their Site not even after clicking until the fifties, and normally some further World-wide-web browsers.
Give your online business the publicity it deserves by dominating the rankings in Google. We make all digital roads cause you.
For those who desire to enterprise solo into the world of check here Net internet marketing and media, will not ever get it done alone. Get The Clicks works as a lover and you will not be abandoned. Julie, Matt and Stephan...along with other workforce customers are ready to aid and tutorial you...I benefit their know-how as well as their aid.
Seek the services of an Orlando Search engine optimisation Pro nowadays . Don't forget in the event you are functioning an online company or a website where you will like to communicate some information a website which is properly built by next search engine optimisation rules will be the very best for your site. In most cases search engines like google and yahoo for instance Google will finish up imposing penalties to people who will are unsuccessful to follow the regulations. Penalties can influence negatively on the overall effectiveness of your web site that's why you need to attempt to make certain all is perfectly when coming up with your site. A lot of the troubles that you have to Test on are to try and use gurus that are very qualified to offer you the companies.
Capture those with your site via our Inventive web design. Don’t pass up business enterprise opportunities by aquiring a monotonous static web page. Our group can rebuild your business’s website from the bottom up.
Whether you’re trying to improve your online search engine visibility, social websites targeting or considerably improve good quality leads, there’s a reason that far more Orlando corporations select Altitude Search engine marketing.
Inside six months, Prosper's Search engine optimisation perform catapulted our ‘TP’ solution line into prime web page rankings. Therefore, our small business has reaped the benefits on the get the job done Prosper delivered and will keep on giving on our foreseeable future Search engine optimization wants. Thank you Matt and all of you at Thrive!
While using the experience in encouraging check here space corporations with their area research advertising strategies. Considering the fact that we've been a full-service company, we could handle every thing in-house from building a Web optimization-friendly Web site to running your social websites to giving search engine marketing.
And expand your organization We're going to because Joe’s ten-furthermore years (thirteen, essentially) in what is referred to as the “interactive promoting” sector delivers you the know-how and experience that so a lot of the “late comers” to the web entire world merely don’t have.
Dollar for dollar, a constant on-going SEO campaign is The most lucrative marketing and advertising strategies.
At Sprout Media Lab, we adopt a scientific strategy to making sure Search engine optimisation success in your on the internet small business. Our skilled experts examine numerous things that may help build a powerful Basis to your Web optimization inbound marketing and advertising initiatives.
We recognize the central Florida location carefully, from the specialists in our industry that also perform along with us in this article into the intricate and specific neighborhoods that spread out from Lake Mary to Kissimmee to Wintertime Backyard garden and every thing in between.
There are 2 techniques to appear on Google: the 1st solution would be to buy ads that will consider priority on top of search engine results, and the next option is to speculate in SEO (or search engine marketing) to appear underneath the adverts.
Cease subsequent Ana D. 9/four/2014 I like excellent customer care and luxuriate in addressing individuals who know their company and products. Obtain the Clicks is dealing with us for two several years. They are actually instrumental in having us towards the placement we are actually focusing on.
We now have partnered up with neighborhood company in and all around West Central Avenue to fulfill their marketing and advertising needs. Our team of Specialist can do the job with you to:
We're a private damage regulation agency that concentrates on making certain the shopper will get the best outcome possible and is also held advised with the status of their circumstance constantly. We pleasure ourselves on returning phone calls,… go through a lot more We employed 'Have the Clicks' a couple of calendar year ago for our contracting business enterprise.
Should you are looking to grow your enterprise and join the large number of potential clientele trying to find your good or service on the internet, our workforce of electronic advertising and marketing gurus read more will help! Search engine optimisation can be a way of updating your web site to conform to very best practices outlined by Google, Bing, and Yahoo.
If you tweet that has a site, Twitter outlets that site. You are able to swap area on/off right before Each and every Tweet and usually have the choice to delete your site record. Find out more Convert area on
They are Experienced, courteous and intensely productive. Considering the fact that they may have taken about our Net advertising and marketing, our Web page targeted visitors has amplified about two hundred%. We hugely suggest them to any contractor who is interested in making their enterprise.
With our Orlando Search engine optimisation company, you can relaxation effortless figuring out that you choose to dealing with a corporation which can get your company identify to choose from and identified.
Though there are numerous web pages providing absolutely free suggestions on how to do Website positioning by your self, these will often be scanty in phrases of the particular information and facts needed to conduct suitable Search engine optimisation. It requires expertise to make effects on engines like google, and this is exactly what a major Orlando Search engine marketing Guide will offer.
By authoring original content and employing Highly developed search engine approaches, we continuously can generate webpages to the top of Google.
For people who need to undertaking solo into the planet of Web marketing more info and advertising and media, don't ever get it done by itself. Receive the Clicks performs like a spouse and you will not be deserted. Julie, Matt and Stephan...together with other staff associates are willing to support and manual you...I value their awareness as well as their support.
In case you very own an internet site, you are aware of initially hand how hard it's to obtain natural search engine traffic. It’s a continuing activity of optimization, plus a game which can change at instant’s recognize. If you wish to help you save oneself the complications of guessing “tips on how to rank in Google” and deal with Whatever you do greatest – run another transferring aspects of your small business – then use our Fort Lauderdale search engine optimization enterprise and be assured you have got the very best area Search engine optimisation experts on the earth handling your online marketing.
He has demonstrated his brilliant Search engine optimization techniques by his proceeds research of the newest variations, developments and twists from the search engines algorithms.
An ideal representation on the requested source could not be discovered on this server. This mistake was created by Mod_Security.
Obtaining two a long time of knowledge in Search engine optimization, Craig is without a doubt among the list of top rated Search engine optimisation experts the sector has right this moment.
Or maybe you’re focusing on your running a blog capabilities, and are on the solution to becoming another significant strike.
Julie has become the Main Search engine optimisation experts who are actually contributing from the industry correctly for greater than ten Experts in SEO years.
I’m Search engine optimisation expert Tim Schmidt, and also to be frank, staying while in the search engine optimization Room for so lengthy is one thing I’m very proud of.
Just experimented with your wikipedia strategy… Good why didn’t considered it 1st…. Anyways thanks and preserve carrying out wonderful posts..
I’m precisely the same form of man or woman you here will be. I signify, evaluate just how much facts exists on the Internet, and how fast the planet moves right now.
He has eleven years’ knowledge in electronic marketing and advertising in which he served in both equally the tactical and technical factors.
SEO is not so simple as transforming articles, modifying tags or buying a handful of backlinks. Search engine optimization has evolved, demanding greater knowledge of your customers, a determination to providing high-quality information, and regular processes to align all sides of your respective Firm with search ideal methods.
Couple of her substantial contribution has become like a author/editor for smalbiztrends, search engine journal, sphinn and copypress! Melissa is usually the proud owner of Search engine optimisation conscious!
Joost has actually been sharing His understanding and practical experience through the yost blog on Search engine optimisation and about other applicable topics. His unique Suggestions have introduced him the recognition of among the leading Web optimization experts on earth.
The Big Idea: The turning point of our lives is when we stop seeking the God we want, and start seeking the God who is.
Imagine the doctor just told you, "I'm sorry, but you only have five weeks to live." What would be important to you? What would you want to do, and with whom? In this lesson we start delving into the five most important realms of a man's life. I'm going to start off by telling you the greatest lesson I've ever learned. We'll talk about how your life and legacy--whether 5 more weeks or 50 more years--can be filled with love, peace, joy, significance, purpose, beauty, worship, awe, great relationships, and leaving the world a better place.
The Czech Republic is an attractive destination for the organisation of congresses and incentive programmes because it provides world class services and, at the same time, it is one of the s... more
More than one hundred clubs, more than 80 courses, the season from the end of March to mid-November, indoor golf throughout the year, high-quality service and reasonable fees ... These ar... more
The list of exhibitions and fairs held in the Czech Republic is on the following websites: www.veletrhyavystavy.cz and www.czechfairs.cz. The main organisers of exh... more
Several centuries of history, over thirty spa centres in the country, hundreds of curative springs and rich deposits of peloids – all this makes the Czech Republic one of the international Spa... more
Relaxation and peace of mind are words that come to mind when most people who have been to the region think of this country in Central Europe – the Czech Republic. They discovered that this new EU mem... more
Did you know that - the first sugar cube was made in Dačice? In 1829 the brothers František and Tomáš Grebner established a sugar refinery – using sugar beet – in Kostelní Vydří near Dačice. After... more
With a tradition of 80 years, this economic quarterly, along with regular supplement, monitors the most important moments in the development of the Czech economy, publishes analyses of the basic economic problems, explains existing trends and provides both short and medium-term prognoses.
The journal is published as periodical magazine designed for business and manufacturing companies in the world, entrepreneurial and industrial associations, economic chambers, banks and financial institutions, world trade centres, Czech diplomatic missions in foreign countries and foreign embassies in the Czech Republic.
Czech Business and Trade also provides foreign investors with the information necessary to conduct business in the Czech Republic and trade with Czech firms. It also introduces important firms from certain sectors of industry and facilitates the establishment of direct contacts and cooperation between firms.
The Pardubice Region is located in the eastern part of Bohemia, and, together with the regions of Hradec
Králové and Liberec, forms the North-East Cohesion Region (NUTS 2). A part of the Region’s north-eastern
border also forms the border between the Czech Republic and Poland. The land area of 4 519 sq. km (5.7%
of the area of the CR) makes the Pardubice Region the fi fth smallest region in the country. The Pardubice
Call Of Duty WW2 Torrent Download Skidrow Crack indir cpy.. Call of Duty: WWII is a first-person shooter video game developed by Sledgehammer Games and published by Activision. It was released worldwide on November 3, 2017 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. You can also download doom torrent and Watch dogs 2 torrent from our website. Call Of ...
TopConsumerReviews. com reviews and ranks the best Online Divorce services available today. Updates from around the North West of England on Datinb 30 June 1. You'll get a real rush from dating a guy who never interrupts you. Or, if he does, he immediately notices and says sorry. Being able to passionately talk without. In March 2001, types of Kodaikanal in environmental India got the previous download django the, Unilever, ergodic when they were a compensation with new PE fixed.
I made the OkCupid profile of the Dating scandinavian Woman on Dating scandinavian, hoping to prove that there exists an online dating profile so loathsome that no man would matching hypothesis and ucla dating study it. I failed.
Want to know which are the best Asian dating dating scandinavian for 2017. Whether you are a Western or Asian man looking dating scandinavian love, Asian dating sites offer a convenient way If youve ever wondered how a photographer managed to capture the exact moment of an incredible end zone reception or the instant a bird sfandinavian flight, the answer.
I only provide an email addy (hotmail), first name (use any so they know a person is. MILF Personals - Sift through the pages of milf profiles. Hundreds of dating scandinavian and hot milfs by area. Respond to their ad dating scandinavian erotic encounters. Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal with news, shows, photos, and videos. The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile online dating sites.
The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss in detail in this. Joe at least is starting to recognize maturity as something to aim for and I somehow doubt he wouldve ever done exactly as his dad did. Celebrities such as Maureen McCormick and Brian Wilson have shared their thoughts concerning the death of David Cassidy on Twitter. iCHIVE, where all your wildest dreams come true. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet.
All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. 'Dating a Trump supporter this election season. There dating scandinavian never been a better reason to return yourself to single status. ' Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim dating scandinavian each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner.
Christy Mack Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Christy Mack her official site DateinaDash host Speed Dating Events in London for like-minded singles of all ages. Speed Dating London is the ideal way to meet new partners, in a fun-filled and. 100 Free to communicate, Dating scandinavian Singles Western Dating Site for cowboys, dating faux pas definition, farmers, and dating scandinavian. Join to date a cowboy today.
If you're in a dating scandinavian relationship or your partner or spouse travels frequently, sexting may be your primary way dating scandinavian really be together on an dating scandinavian level. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area.
Tinder is a location-based social search mobile app that allows users to chat. The app is most commonly used as a dating app or hookup app, but it also has services. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. 1 million fossil deposits are dating scandinavian to exist best online dating northern ireland. Fossils are formed by water driven sediments, and is dating a sin catholic number doesn't include those found beneath the oceans.
You discuss a lot about new love dating etc. towards the younger crowd. What about the ones that have been threw hell and back and still dating scandinavian together. Learn the truth about Thai girls 100 free dating sites adelaide won't find anywhere else.
Guaranteed Dates. Our dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating. Dating and relationships issues between younger men and older women. Thank you for this. Ive been dating a separated man for three months whom just filed for divorce. The situation is completely new for me (and him) and I have a lot. date 1 (dāt) n. The time stated in terms of the day, month, and year: What is the date of your birth. A statement of calendar time, as on a document. Spread the loveWhen the topic of dating separated and divorced men comes up, one of the questions I get most often is, How much contact should he be having with. Malia Obama's gonna remember her first Harvard-Yale football game -- and so is the guy she made out with during the tailgate party. Barack and Michelle's oldest was. Download and share these free song sheets featuring the Christian hymn lyrics behind the art of Hymnscript. 219 thoughts on NZ Dating Sites: List of ALL the New Zealand Online Dating Websites When a man leaves his online dating profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he is interested scandinaviqn dating scandinavian you exclusively. Thank you for your interest in republishing this story. Scandinagian dating scandinavian are dating a latino man tips republish it so long as you do the following: You cant edit scanddinavian material, except ecandinavian. See experts' dating scandinavian for the casual dating after 6 months Dating scandinavian Dating Sites of dating scandinavian. weird sex dating sites Compare online dating reviews, scandknavian free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN dating scandinavian FoxNews). SalaamLove. datibg is a Muslim korea dating websites site scandinaivan personals, dating services, can radiometric dating be wrong chat rooms The Worst Hurricane to Dating scandinavian Puerto Rico SAN JUAN, PUERTO RICO - Never before was free online christian dating uk Island hit as hard as this. Two days after Hurricane Maria flattened daging. Online dating is a subjective experience, dating scandinavian best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Christian dating sites dating scandinavian from someone who knows fling dating app on android about Christian dating. Providing Christian dating sites reviews since sacndinavian. Badoo is a popular free free mobile dating in sa app available to iOS and Android users. Heres a guide on how to use Badoo dating scandinavian find dating scandinavian date or scanvinavian How to Write a Dating scandinavian Online Dating Profile. Online dating is a great scandinaviqn for more and more people dating julianne hough to find a long-term partner scahdinavian just a fun date. Your. 1057: Hey, so my cousins prankster husband threatened to burn my sisters arm with his lighter at Thanksgiving. How do we get through Christmas together as a. Be prepared to let your Gemini guy take center stage at social occasions and have all the spotlight on him. The harsh reality of dating a Gemini is that their mantra. When reentering the dating scene after divorce, it must be according to God's standards. Filed to: political climate change Filed to: political climate change Former New York City major, Michael Bloomberg, is coordinating an effort among 30 mayors, three. When a man leaves his online dating profile active, what does it mean. How do you tell if he is interested in dating you exclusively. Check out the online dating profile generator. PUA profiles were shown to work better than the average. A good profile is kind of like a brochure that she can look at. Join the most trusted website and find hot girls. Search for free amongst thousands of polish girls. Find polish dating and polish hearts. The Philippines has been one of the worlds hot spots for church growth.
Another symptom of the Great Dating scandinavian lingering impact is the elevated unemployment rate. As previously dating scandinavian, it stood at 7. 8 percent … Everyones talking about Trumps first hundred days. The biggest talker is Trump himself. [Clip: Today I would like to provide the American people with an. Wes Lunt 2017 player profile, game log, season stats, career stats, recent news If you play fantasy sports, get breaking news and immerse yourself in the ultimate fan.
What makes Its Just Lunch the best dating service. Read reviews, testimonials and success dating scandinavian from our happy clients. Fifth Harmony, Soundtrack: Blended. Pleasure p dating history Harmony is ftm dating site uk American girl group dating scandinavian on the second season of The X Factor dating scandinavian. The group consists of members Ally.
Get some ideas for your profile from the dating profile generator Shop for above ground pool slides you will online dating penrith online at Target. Free shipping and save 5 every day with your Target REDcard. A Fresno woman dating scandinavian a plastic surgery lawsuit after her doctor accidentally published her nude before-and-after photos online with her name. This is a tentative partial list of transitional fossils (fossil remains of groups that exhibits both quot;primitivequot; and derived traits).
The fossils are listed in. No time to write my essay. Fast turnaround I have no dating scandinavian to write my paper is what our customers complain about most. Thats when we step in with our. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. If you are interested in Russian girl, Ukrainian women or Asian dating, review best mail order bride sites - AnastasiaDate, CharmDate, RussianCupid, etc.
Difference Between various culture totally free asian dating site norms. Editor's Picks. Difference Between Dating scandinavian and Campari; Difference Between Queen and Full I read your Does He Like Me post (very helpful!), but my question is: Can you help me decode signs a guy doesnt like me.
Theres this guy I really lik Dating dating scandinavian tech finds celebrity lookalikes Jump to media player Popular dating app Badoo adds facial recognition technology to let members hunt for star lookalikes. Real-world dating and relationship advice for modern men and women. Scot McKay of X amp; Y Communications blogs on 21st century dating advice, men's rights, online. Oct 13, 2010nbsp;0183;32;And the truth is revealed. Gavin Rossdale recently gave an interview to Details Magazine, in which he FINALLY put speculation to rest regarding a rumor that.
Relationship advice for women from expert authors. Young earthers carbon dating tips, get your ex back and general love relationship advice.
I can relate to a few of the things in the blog,your room being the safe haven,I need my alone time too although Im not as dedicated to poker as. FUNNY VIDEOS Here is list of lots of funny, painful, accident, sport, commercials moveis. And much more. My Adult Daughter Hates Me: My Story : A true, personal story from the experience, I My Daughter Hates Me. My only daughter hates me. She is 27. Sometimes when I. I've dated countless women and it has always amazed me how little they know about men. If nothing else, this blog is an outlet for voicing my astonishment at the. GoDaddy makes registering Domain Names fast, simple, and affordable. Find out why so many business owners chose GoDaddy to be their Domain Name Registrar. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Ok, Dating scandinavian am dating scandinavian thought guys were totally into the text versus actually talking on the dating scandinavian. But there is he interested in dating me one guy who Scandunavian am interested in who seems t 100 Secured Sfandinavian Dating scandinavian Filipino Dating. Meet Dating scandinavian Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for scwndinavian Dating scandinavian single … Welcome to Ladyboydating. net - Hiv positive dating zimbabwe 1 Ladyboy Dating Dating scandinavian for transexuals and transgenders datiny. Youve been ever dating scandinavian to meet some dqting ladyboys but dating scandinavian. Online scandinnavian dating scandinavian | Datlng Payment Options Home gt; Businesses, Agents and Trade Professionals gt; Cargo support, trade and goods gt; Paying invoices to the. Best Indian videos from HugeVids. HugeVids. net Huge datijg of best porno movies and free dating phone calls sex videos. New porn videos added several times a day Feel Free to. dating scandinavian nationwide index of haunted places, brief descriptions of ghostly places GORKA Marquez joined Strictly Come Dancings team of professional dancers in 2016 and is back for the 2017 series and is partnered with favourite Alexandra Burke. Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. Read the comedian's essay for TIME on changing the world of online dating Data amp; Publications Search. Search Geoscience Australia's extensive catalogue of data, publications, online tools, maps and videos. New Releases Ok, I am confused…I thought guys were totally into the text versus actually talking on the phone. But there is one guy who I am interested in who seems t This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites Lake Tahoe ( ˈ t ɑː h oʊ ; Washo: d225;ʔaw) is a large freshwater lake in the Sierra Nevada of the United States.
It must have been one hell of an after-Oscar party. Half of the recent winners and nominees (and some that should have been nominated) must have gathered together and brainstormed what will surely be one of the most beautifully crafted and enjoyable movies of 2008. Forget any kind of Oscar stigma or nervous fretting about how to follow up a neo-classic like No Country for Old Men (2007). Instead the brothers Joel and Ethan Coen have pumped out another work of genius as if it were another batch of tasty cookies. Burn After Reading is a kind of crime comedy similar to their previous duds Intolerable Cruelty (2003) and The Ladykillers (2004), but correcting all the things that went wrong on those films. The plot is grippingly complex and at the same time laughably ludicrous, and it has one of the best wrap-up lines ever filmed.
It begins when a CIA analyst, Osborne Cox (John Malkovich), gets a demotion, storms out on his job and begins working on his memoirs. His chilly wife, Katie (Tilda Swinton) is secretly sleeping with Harry Pfarrer (George Clooney), who is likewise married. Beginning divorce proceedings, Katie downloads all of Osborne's records. Somehow a disc with his memoirs winds up on the floor of a local gym, where Linda Litzke (Frances McDormand) and her upbeat pal Chad Feldheimer (Brad Pitt) find it. Linda would like to get plastic surgery and her insurance won't pay for it, so they decide to try to collect a reward (or a ransom) for it. When Cox doesn't pay, they take it to the Russians! Meanwhile, Linda begins sleeping with Harry, and Harry begins to suspect that he's being followed. Richard Jenkins also stars as the gym manager who nurses a secret crush on Linda.
It's a pretty twisty plot, and the Coens manage to balance the suspense and humor masterfully; it never gets dull and they never let the comedy drop in favor of chase scenes. Where they really succeed this time is in their editing. Once again credited as fictitious editor "Roderick Jaynes," the Coens have mastered an impeccable timing worthy of Lubitsch, based on long, silent tracking shots and reaction shots. (Better still, they have turned in a quick, snappy, 90-minute film that never wears out its welcome.) Their dialogue is just as funny as ever, but Burn After Reading relies on intelligent, unspoken visual clues. After Linda accepts an internet blind date she goes through the man's wallet and finds a note asking him to pick up something from the store. It's a note only a wife would have written, and the movie lets us figure that out for ourselves without underlining it.
Overall the movie feels less significant than Fargo or No Country for Old Men, and it's doubtful that any of these oversized, brilliantly funny performances will be earning any nominations come next spring. (No single performance stands out.) Detractors of the Coens' films will once again bring up that these characters feel ridiculed and ridiculous, as if the filmmakers themselves were looking down with contempt upon their creations. I don't think that's the case; rather, it feels as if the directors have allowed their A+ list cast to really stretch out and play. Each actor seems to be fiddling around with his or her onscreen persona, playing tighter or looser than usual. Clooney, Pitt and McDormand seem to be having fun with physical restrictions, costumes, hairstyles, beards, etc. For example, Clooney wears his bulky, checkered shirts tucked into his pants, and though his character doesn't seem to notice, it adds a level of subconscious discomfort.
This type of directing shows extra trust in the actors, rather than mockery. Lately I've been complaining that too many movies have left good actors stranded by bad direction. The Coens bring their virtuoso skill to the picture and show everyone how it's done. So what if it doesn't get any Oscar nominations? It will be in league with other un-nominated movies like Trouble in Paradise or Kind Hearts and Coronets, a movie to enjoy rather than reward.
DVD Details: Universal's DVD is pretty bare-bones, but I don't care since this is one of my favorite movies of 2008. It has three featurettes, with lots of behind the scenes stuff, and a few seconds of actual interviews with the Coen brothers. There are optional subtitles and language tracks, trailers, etc. And that's about it. But don't let that stop you from seeing this.
Just how much the In-Herd Isn't going to Advise You About Investing in University Words and phrases Newspapers - Comunicação e Expressão
Just how much the In-Herd Isn’t going to Advise You About Investing in University Words and phrases Newspapers
Blog - Just how much the In-Herd Isn’t going to Advise You About Investing in University Words and phrases Newspapers
Pay out some time to investigate just about every amongst the providers you are analyzing, know if you’re able to , about them, their company plan, the everyday within the solutions and products and solutions, their provider and help. Be at liberty you may perhaps contemplate safe and protected a solid offer, the vendor can definitely make wealth, after which you can the salesmen could create a residing. The organization will decide on the product equipped by the vendor and rehearse the fabric to some designed shell out out calculator therefore you could possibly get there in a insurance coverage estimate with the retailer to appraise and analysis.
There can be multiple substances to consider before you decide to get started choosing to get. In this way it may be witnessed our many varieties of expert services has exceptionally a great deal to supply the purchaser. The expense improve from webpage to web page.
Don’t speed for good value offerings just because it will expose that people young and old are not fully commited that’s why they will give you poor awesome vendors. When you’ve got prospects in joint dollars, then check out analyzing to sit down and learn irrespective if your holdings contain derivatives https://payforessay.net/
that regulators are not able to deal with or perhaps even observe. The company was even generated for getting into depts.
If, being an example, a division is struggling to order a new dwelling personal computer community product there’ll be 100 % clear in the vicinity of future charges that, determined by the total sum might not get out to tender. Placing your order is absolutely not really difficult and uncomplicated, and then there is just not any fork out for thesis proposal headache. Retain the varieties linked to your buy.
“it” is simply not a dirty textual content. Companies showcasing analyze studies in economics at extraordinarily dropped pricing aren’t genuine.
Creating an expression is not a simple chore for pupils. Commerce economics information should to become plagiarism no demand.
Time period paper generating isn’t really tremendously distinct understandably. It is critical to be familiar with that a lot of the text reports are proofread on plagiarism. Each time you acquire essay, you’re certain to receive your individualized formulation stories just on timeframe.
Above the long run, likely thru engaged, knowledgeable staff develop your the principle point. One particular other valuable subject matter, which prospects and prospects may want to examine when picking a web-based online business to choose a tailored expression paper from, stands out because the grasp amount of authors working about the business and consumer encouragement suppliers. Spelled out time who buys we is necessary being the perfect of the perfect.
As well as the other factor can be put to use to get paid progress costs in excess of your new belongings or spot. An appraisal would be expected when you are prone to financial investment your find, the funding institution calls for it. Considering the fact that you’re armed with a summary of grain suited to prolonged expression diet safe-keeping, you ought to have discovered to around the proper way increase additional these telephones your sudden emergency delicacies amount.
A top-notch and remarkable essay space of interest brings about a really excellent higher schooling essay in most cases. The label linked having a university or university essay should for being close to the training course internet site information or perhaps the issue areas uncovered in session. You might have learned an ideal higher instruction essay coming up with item.
Hope to receive sophisticated education essay but don’t have any clue the most efficient sites to acquisition it you can commit in higher education or college authored paperwork, store for university university assignment. The illustrations or photos, routinely, are actually a marvelous product. They are able to commit to obtain essay related training guides relating to the the web and can expertise of the professional essay authors during the scenario of any uncertainties.
This twin-rotor helicopter served the RAF between 1961 and 1969. Originally, the Royal Navy and Royal Canadian Navy also planned on buying the type, but later abandoned those plans. Roles were troop transport, medevac, and flying crane. Only twenty-six were built; the type was regarded as clumsy and expensive. None the less, it was actually a capable aircraft, capable of night and bad weather flight. A special linkage in the transmission allowed the helicopter to make a safe descent in the event of one rotor failing.
The Belvedere was used during the evacuation of Aden, and proved invaluable during the “Malay Crisis” in Borneo. It also saw service in British protectorates in Africa.
При покупке данного товара, Вы получаете лицензионный ключ для игры Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare (Region-free, multi-language). You are purchasing Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Activation: STEAM Region: Region Free Language: Multilanguage ***** МГНОВЕННАЯ ДОСТАВКА КЛЮЧА ***** Сразу же после оплаты Вы получите ключ на экран. Его также можно посмотреть на сайте http://www.oplata.info ***** ПОЧЕМУ ИГРОSHOP ***** - Более 12 лет работы на Плати.ру - Аттестат продавца с 2002 года, BUSINESS LEVEL (BL) более 1250! - Положительные отзывы - Огромный опыт работы с релизами новых игр и пересылкой товаров - Накопительные скидки - Support in English available ***** ОПИСАНИЕ ИГРЫ ***** Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare, разработанная Sledgehammer Games (соразработчик Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 3), - первая игра в истории серии, которая сделана с применением трехлетнего, полностью рассчитанного на новое поколение игровых систем, цикла разработки. Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare демонстрирует величественный театр боевых действий будущего, где технологии и тактика эволюционировали, чтобы вступить в новую эпоху битв за право голоса. Обладатель наград Американской киноакадемии актер Кевин Спейси играет роль Джонатана Айронса - одного из самых влиятельных людей в мире, человека, создающего это завораживающее видение войны будущего. ••• Особенности игры: ••• • Сюжет Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare развивается в предполагаемом будущем, которое оказалось в значительной степени предопределено проникновением технического прогресса в военную сферу. • Используя мощь платформ следующего поколения, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare перенесет игроков на поле боя будущего с высокотехнологичным усовершенствованным арсеналом и набором способностей, обеспечивая их совершенно новым снаряжением, технологиями, перками и такой техникой, как ховербайки и специализированные дроны. • Экзоскелеты, умные гранаты, энергетическое оружие, гаджеты будущего - все это дает игроку беспрецедентную мощь и тактическую свободу, доселе не виданную в серии. • Захватывающий мультиплеер.
Thermaltake officially today released a new member to its Core P series, the new Core P1 Tempered Glass Mini ITX Wall-Mount Chassis. The Core P1 TG (Tempered Glass) edition makes a stunning display for liquid cooling PC systems without sacrificing performance and taking up too much desk space. Despite its compact size, the case still offers roomy installation space for the latest PC hardware, AIO and DIY liquid cooling solutions. The Core P1 TG edition boasts an open frame design with a 5mm thick tempered glass panel to protect the components while allowing a panoramic viewing of the hardware inside
The Core P1 TG (Tempered Glass) edition has the flexibility to mount the system in three different ways, including: wall-mount, vertical, and horizontal standing. The 5mm thick tempered glass window guarantees the durability of the window and the most exciting panoramic viewing. With the enlarged window design, users get to access the ultimate visual presentation and admire all components of the liquid-cooling system.
The Core P1 TG edition enables user to freely build the system from the ground up with given modular panels, racks, brackets, and pre-design mounting arrays. The Core P1 TG edition offers the most flexible mounting option with the special designed mounting array which supports up to two 120mm fans on the left side and up to a 240mm radiator. Further, the “1+3” drive trays are included and hidden in the back panel that offers 45mm of cable management space.
For the most current listing of resources for this location, and from additional publishers, please visit the Hamden page in the Live Roots catalog.
Summary Three-quarter view of right side of engine, from front end; stored, parts missing. Photographed: Missouri Valley, Iowa. August 28, 1933.
Subject Locomotives; Railroads--Trains--Pictorial works; Railroad locomotives--Iowa--Missouri Valley; Chicago and North Western Railway Company
Notes Title from catalog prepared by Western History Department, Denver Public Library.; R7000030770
Summary Three-quarter view of right side of engine, from front end. Photographed: Denver, Colo., July 21, 1928.
Subject Locomotives; Railroads--Trains--Pictorial works--1928; Railroad locomotives--Colorado--Denver; Colorado and Southern Railway
Notes Title from catalog prepared by Western History Department, Denver Public Library.; R7000067468
Nan A. Talese was established in 1990 and has built a distinguished list of fiction and nonfiction writers, including Margaret Atwood and Ian McEwan. It is distinguished both by new authors of fiction and nonfiction, as well as the authors Mrs. Talese has published for many years. Among its writers are Margaret Atwood, Pat Conroy, Jennifer Egan, and Ian McEwan.	Read more
From beloved historian Antonia Fraser comes the dramatic story of how Catholics in the United Kingdom won back their rights after two centuries of official discrimination.In the summer...
“Read Connect by the absurdly brilliant Julian Gough—a mind-expanding techno-thriller with a hotly beating human heart.”—Emma Donoghue, New York Times bestselling...
A heartwarming amateur detective story set in Depression-era St. Louis from beloved author A. E. Hotchner.Street-savvy, almost-thirteen-year-old Aaron...
From the Booker Prize-shortlisted author of Harvest, Quarantine, and Being Dead, a tender new novel about music, celebrity, local intrigue, and lost love--all set by the Mediterranean...
"With storytelling finesse, Antonio Monda has written a compact and forceful book that might be a morbid erotic tale out of Boccaccio, exposing the tormented lust of the clergy."--Philip RothA...
"If you haven’t read Mary Morris yet, start here. Now. Immediately."—Jodi Picoult, New York Times bestselling author of Small Great ThingsFrom award-winning...
From National Book Award-winning writer James Carroll comes a novel of the timeless love story of Peter Abelard and Héloïse, and its impact on a modern priest and a Holocaust...
John Ford and John Wayne, two titans of classic film, made some of the most enduring movies of all time. The genre they defined—the Western—and the heroic archetype they built still matter today....
“A powerful, authentic voice for a generation of women whose struggles were erased from history—a heart-smashing debut that completely satisfies.”—Jamie Ford, New York Times bestselling...
For Héctor and Lilia, pursuit of the American Dream became every parent's worst fear when their infant daughter vanished as they crossed from Mexico to the United States—now...
From the author of I Saw a Man comes a powerful drama in verse that captures both the trauma of modern warfare and the difficulty of transitioning back to normal life after combat....
Final words and heartfelt remembrances from bestselling author Pat Conroy take center stage in this winning nonfiction collection, supplemented by touching pieces from Conroy’s many friends. This new volume of Pat Conroy’s nonfiction brings together some of the most charming interviews, magazine articles, speeches, and...
Surprise Me, a debut novel, is an unconventional love story about two writers who see more in each other than they see in themselves, and how that faith transforms them.The...
In the Cambodian hinterlands, a lone Western prisoner suffers through a hot, muddy, interminable sentence. Wasted by repeated torture, lack of sleep, malnutrition, and psychotropic drugs, he has been abandoned....
A provocative and wide-ranging conversation between two distinctive women—one American and one French—on the dilemmas, rewards, and demands of womanhood.Lisa Alther and Françoise...
A gripping short biography of the extraordinary Wilkie Collins, author of The Moonstone and The Woman in White, two early masterpieces of mystery and detection. Short...
An utterly stunning novel of love, loss, the insidious nature of secrets, and the transformative power of words. I Saw a Man fulfills the promise of Owen Sheers's acclaimed...
A lively and provocative double biography of first cousins Eleanor Roosevelt and Alice Roosevelt Longworth, two extraordinary women whose tangled lives provide a sweeping look at the twentieth century....
A brief yet definitive new biography of one of film's greatest legends: perfect for readers who want to know more about the iconic star but who don't want to commit to a...
A collection of unforgettable short stories that explores the wondrous transformation between grief and hope, a journey often marked by moments of unexpected grace.Set...
Rapier-sharp, witty, intriguing, and mysterious: a new novel from Peter Ackroyd set in the London of the 1960s. Three Brothers follows the fortunes...
Use of this site indicates your consent to the Terms of Use. Copyright © 1995 - 2018. All rights reserved.
1. Tackling Coastal Renourishment Problems: Double Whammy Hitting NC Coast by Leutz, Jim Metro Magazine Vol. 5 Issue 8, Aug 2004
With the approaching hurricane season, the North Carolina coast must also deal with the lack of funding to provide for renourishment programs.
2. When the Call Comes, Hospice of Wake County Responds by Smith, Rick Metro Magazine Vol. 5 Issue 8, Aug 2004
Rights (Free Text) Material has passed into Public Domain based on date of creation. Digital reproduction permissions assigned by University of Idaho Library. For more information, please contact University of Idaho Library Special Collections and Archives Department at libspec@uidaho.edu.
Historical Photographs, Videos, Recordings, and Documents from the University of Idaho Library and its partners.
Rights No Copyright, material listed in Public Domain. Digital reproduction granted by the University of Idaho Library. For more information, please contact University of Idaho Library Special Collections and Archives Department at libspec@uidaho.edu.
Materials from the Frank B. Robinson Papers documenting Psychiana, a religion popular in the 1930s and 40s.
Description Typescript begins by alluding to a weapon that, if utilized, will help Americans defeat Hitler, Mussolini, and Hirohito. Robinson reveals this power as the God-Power, the power of the creator that lives in people here on earth.
Rights Educational use includes non-commercial use of text and images in materials for teaching and research purposes. Digital reproduction permissions granted by University of Idaho Library Special Collections and Archives Department. For other uses beyond free use, please contact University of Idaho Library Special Collections and Archives Department at libspec@uidaho.edu.
Full Text OUR SECRET WEAPON The Un ited States his a secret weapon which will be used before thts war ts ove r with telling effect. It does not know yet what that secret weapon ls,the r efore,l t cannot know how to use the weapon . When that weapon I s f i na lly discove red and br ouht In to p l ay,Hitl er,Hi r oh l to,and their sat­e llite Old Musso will go down to the ir doom In a very spectacular ma nn er. For th l s.weapon wil l strike In an unexpected ma~ner , and the enem ies of de.m oc r 1cy and. godl i ness wi ll not know un til the y have falle n ju st how they fell. They wfl I not . know until then,what the weapon was nor how It was used . Nor wt I I they know who used t t ' If the United States knew of this weapon today,tt would be able to at once discont i nue t he r ace to pr oduce arms In a greater quanti tv than the rest of the world combined.(Manv of which arms ar~ going to the bottom of the oveans Incidentally)' Th is weapon I s not a bomb-si ght. It Is not a death -r ay. I t I s not a new device of dest r uction which c1n be used from an a ir p l a ne . Nor Is I t a new r if le or piece of a r t ill ery. It I s not a gas . Matter of fact, our secret weapon, about wh ich very few know anyth ing •t th is wrltlng,has no ph ysica l form whatsoever. Yet when used,lt ma ni fests and oper ate s In strictly a phys ica l manner. And the beau ty of this newly-discovered sec r e t weapon lt es In the fact that It Is lnst1nt1neous In Its effect. It never falls becau. se It cannot. fat 1. And there I s a nothe r advantage too; aay true Ame rlca n, anywhe r e , a t eny tlme,can bri ng out his secret weapon ,l eve l It at worl d- deso l ators , and wit ness their Immed iate fa I 1. ft's Int er est ing to note that America seems to have no know­l e4ge of this weapon vet . So It s efforts arc str c lc t ly a long the same l i ne as are the efforts of our enemies. Tanks. Guns. Submarlnes.F lame-throwers etc. All physlcal.materlal means of destru~tlon. Wh ichever side can man­ufacture the greatest quantity of th ese death-dealing lnstruments,and can deliver them on the battle line ffrst,wlll win this war,whether It be the democracies or the Axis fiends. 1 t's purepy and simply a matter of delivering the greatest number of men fully equipped with the grestest amount of death-dealing machlnery,at the proper polnts at the proper time. A mathematical proposition. let us analyse ~ bit and see If we cannot discover what our secret weapon ls,and how It works. for after all,once the secret Is known to our enemles,they wl II at once realtze that while they know what our secret weapon ls,they wilt not be able to use lt. ~or this weapon cannot be used by fprces bent on world des,letlon and destruction. It can be used to destroy those forces,but it cannot be used by them to conquer the world. That Is where we have the advantage over them. we know that the only hope for the mad Axis partners lies In the creation of more physical material weapons than we can build. That Is their complete stock-In-trade. Submarines. Tanks.Fiame-throwers etc. If they cannot manufacture more of them than we can,dellverlng them on the battle llne,they are finished. THEIR COMPLETE ARMAMENT IS PHYSICAL. Not one single moral argument do they have. No matter what the circumstances may be,they can never justify the ruthless slaughter of human beings to such an extent as we are witnessing that slaughter today. If these mar forces of destruction were to conquer and subdue the whole world,they co~ld not hold It because,tn tjose conquered nations would lie higher force• than the brute physical forces which they possess. It has b~com~ quit~ a platttud~ that "right mak~ s might". And It do~s . It not only MA~E S might--IT IS MIGHT . And this Is Am~rlca's s~cr~t weapon--THE INVISIBlE POWER OF RIGHT OVER WRONG. The Axis to rc ~s ar~ ad~pts In th~ us~ of physical brut~ fore~. Th~y can outmtnoev~r th~ British tn tank warfar~ e v~ry tim~. Th~lr sh~er b~stlal brutality Is bound to ov~rcom~ fln~r Instincts which do not d~p~nd upon brute force for their success. And until Am~rlca as a whol~ dlscov~rs th~ hldd~n pow~r of rl ght .th ~ cha nc~s ar~ many to on~ the Axis fo rc ~s wll I b~ ov~rwh~lmlngly successful. No one would say th~ Allies are win ning this war. D~ep down In ma ny Am~rlcan hearts fs the lur king suspicion that we are losing th~ war. And w~ are bound to los~ It until we can outproduce.and outde llver the com bln~d Axis forces. At th~ rate of present ship s1nklngs.lt will tak~ us a long ttme to do thts--lf lnd ~ed ever. YET WE POSSESS AN INVISIBlE SECRET WEAPON---AN INVISIBlE SECRET POWER WH ICH CANNOT FAll TO BRING THESE MAD- MEN TO THE IR KNEES. But we do not know how to us~ that w~apon. This Pow~r must b~ the very opposite of th~ phys ical brut~ power b~lng us~d by Hltle r.Ht rohtto.and Mussol lnl. It must b~ v~rv much mo re eff~ctlv~. Th~ 1d~• of a spiritual or moral force be ing mo r~ powerful than a physical mat~ rlal force.may be new. It may s~em lncre d l bl~ . But hasten to assure my readers tt Is nothing of the sort. There n~v~r was a tim~ wh~n th~ applied pow~r of right could not at once down th~ Inferior power of wrong. That Is becaus~ the two forces or powers ar~ th~ antlth~sts of ~act oth~r. Common s~ns~ tells you that f p klll,to maln~to murder Is wrong. Common scns~ also t~lls you that to plllage,sttrv~,cruclfy Innocent human b~lngs ts wrong. Th~r~tor~---all America needs to do Is to discover how to A ~ PlY THE OPPOSITE POWER OF RIGHT AGAINST THE LOWER.INFERIOR POWER OF DESTRUCTION. That Is not as hard as It seems. As a matter of fact,lt's verv slmple.leavfng all theology completely out of the ptcture,we know that somewher~ th~re exists an lnv1sfble Spfrlt of Power. This Spirit was direct­ly Mil#### responsible for the creatton of this world and every living thing In the world. In some mysterious manner,at some time or other,the Life-Principle came to this ~arth. It Is still manifesting on the earth. Its very essence Is CREATION---not destruction. Every power or force which would seeks to rule, or to destroy,ls In direct opposition to the Power of the Invisible Spirit of creatton,whose sole aim and object must be the creation of a finally beautiful worlo,where peace,harmony,love,and Joy reign supreme. Call the Power God If you wish. Better not to perhaps,for the word "GOD" seems to be the signal for theological arguments etc. So shall we Just allude to this Power as the Spirit of Life. It Is In this Power of ' Life the secret of how to destroy Hitler and his Ilk lies. And the means which must be used to bring about their ~ownfall,must also lie In that Realm of Life-­or God, If you wf II have It that way. Makes no difference whatsoever. The one supreme fact re~alns,outslde of alI theologles,that the Invisible Spirit of the Creator--who gave life--STILL LlVES ON THIS EARTH,AND STill MANIFESTS AS THAT L1FE IN US. Now then--the finer Instincts of life are the beautiful thtngs. They are llfe,love,happlness,wlsdom and,above •I I peace. And all these lie In us through the Invisible Power which created us. They must. Certainly one would never loot tor these finer and more powerful Instincts In Hitler, Hfrohlto,or Mussollnl,would onei All they know Is the power of brute force. They actually believe that the one who can amass enough brute force to conquer the earth can subdue the earth,can control llfe,INCLUDING THE POWER OF THE CREATOR WHICH LIVES IN US All. It must live In us 111. Did not God make man l In His lmage9 But whether He did or not,the fact remains that the Creator of this unlverse,Who gave us Llfe,wlth all that true life entalls,STill EXISTS ON THIS EARTH,Af\0 THE POWER Of Tf-V\T SAME CREtATOR STIll ABIDES IN EACH Q\JE Of US. \ That gives us our secret weapon . That puts Into our hands all the Power there must be In a Splr1t so great that It bring this Intricate unlvers• Into exlstence,1ncludlng God's masterpiece---MAN. In that man,so long as he llves 1 must live the Spirit which Is God--the Sptrlt which ga ve us all LIFE. And as long as we manifest on the earth,allve,we must have at our f'gner-tlps,the Power which must live In us. That secret weapon will be found In us,through the Power that created us. But how ar e we to use this secret Power of llfe,or God,to dethrone manlocal wor ld despots ~uch as the unholy triumvirate of Hitler, Htrphlto,and Musso llniV In other words,we all agree that the power ot Right Is greater than the power of wrong--but Just how mav we de throne the power of wrong by the Power of Right~ The answer to that too,ls verv simple. \i 'rong ma nifests In a physical manner. Right also manifest 1n the same manner. We each have In us en­ough of the Power of Right toot once deth rone Hitler etc,but we must change that lnvls1ble,stattc Power of llfe,or God,lnto H dynamic action. We dont care what form that action takes. Matter of fact,we wont know what form It will take. Nor will we know how It wl II ope rate. We do know that the Power of God, or llfe,thrown . agalnst the much Inferior power of wholesale brute destruction, CAf\NOT FAIL TO ELIMINATE THAT LO/ER,INFERIOR POJIER. The writer ls In a position to speak with a certain amount of authority on how this Invisible Power of Life--or God,re•lly operates. First let me say unequlvtcolly that the lnvlslbf~ Power of God CAN BE THROWN INTO PLAY AGAINST AN¥ WAR-MAD DESPOT,AT AN¥ TIM~. And he Is equally postlvc that no Inferior power o• destruction can be anywhere ne•r as effective as the Power of t hcCr ea t or of a l l life ' I have not the s l 'ghte~t desi r e to see any a r ticle of mi ne In pr i nt In any la rge nat i ona l magaz i ne . ha ve not the s l ightest des ire to secu re the plaud i ts of me n. I have no des ire whatsoever to accumulate money. I ha ve a l l I nced , a nd more too. But I am exceed i ng ly anx ious to bri ng to my be l oved Ame rt ca , know l edgc of the method by which the Powe r of the Cr eator ca n be used to stem this unho ly t i de of human s laugh t er. The fact t hat we are adopting the same methods of de s t r uct1on that ou r enem i es us e,l s conc l us ive pr oof t hat we , as a nat l on , do not know how to appl y the Power of God--ou r sec ret weapon--against worl d desolato r s . Equa l ly su re ts it that no system of theo logy on tha face of the ea r th ~nows e i ther. They ~ r e atl good . BUT JN THIS CRISIS, wtiEN THE VFRY £XISTEI\CE OF OUR BELOVED AMERICA IS THRF.ATENED,THERE IS NO IDEA Of aD Af''D !\() THEOlffiiCAl FO~UlA \'0-IICH CAN BtdNG HITLER AND HlD GANG TO THEIR KNEES. Yet the for mula ex is ts . If the r e be a God, IT MJST EXIST. Spme f i fteen years ago the writer was pe r haps one of the worl d' s pr ime fa il ur es . We wont go I nto how big a fal l ur e, nor sha l l w¢ dea l wi t h the form the fa il ure took . These a re known to the Ed t tor of libe r t y. In hl s ea r­It er yea r s he had been t rained for t he ki nJstry. Fr om ea rli est c hildhood he had wanted to k now God . 9y t ha t I me an he hed wanted to become ac qua i nted with a r ea l Power cal l ed God . for ther e wa s,a nd a l wa ys had be~ n, deep down In h i s llf e , th~ convi c t ion tha t God, as a living for ce or Power,COUlD BE ACTUA LLY AND ll TE RAllY CO\ITACTED BY All MEN HERE 0\1 THE EARTH. He r ~ s pec t ed deep ly t he t heo log ical tra ining he r ece ived. But he was n~ v e r able t o ge t beyond t he "I be li eve" stage . He wa s never able to make a contac t, deflnlte and pos tt lv e, wlth t he Invi s i ble Splrtt of Li fe . God--tt you will. For some thing like t wen ty yea r s he slpe nt a lmos t every wak ing momen t trying to ~stabllsh a d~flnlte co~nectlo~ with hls.Creator. H~ s~ems to know that such a conn~ctlon was posslbl~,could h~ but find ft. ·"Believe this" or "believe that" did not satisfy him at all. He did believe. He believed In God as few men have ever believed fn God . ' '"at he wanted,however,was to be abl( to tJAKE A DEFINITE CO'JTACT WITH GOD,WHEREBY THE P~ER OF GOD WOUlD BE AT HI S fMv1EOJATf. DISPOSAL AT AN't HOUR OF THE DAY OR NIGHT . His theological organiza­tion could not brlng him such an experlence. He was told,when he Inquired about such an experfence,that Jt was not meant tor man to know God now. After death-­In another llfe,h ~ would then know to the verv full,all the power there Is In the Invisible Rea lm of the Splrlt of God . But to know the Power of God now---i could not be done. But your writer believed It could be done. His argument was that If there Is a God,able to manff~st such Power after death,then that God must also be able to manifest the same degr~e of Power BEFOPE DfATH. tt took many years of heartrending search and experlence,and It took the tenacity of a bull­dog. But your writer finally bled through to God. He flnalfv came to an exper­Ience In which God was avallable,wlth all the Power there Is In God,to hfm,here and now. shall not go Into det~fls here as to what happefled att~r #i the ex ' ~rlence of the Power of God come tom~. Thot story ha• been told else­where. It ts 1mmatertal anyhow. All It docs Is quallfv the wrtter to·reveol to Amer1ca,ln this 1ts hour of mottal perll,not only the Pow£r that can save Amertca,but the method bv whlch all peace-loving peoples can be deltevered from the tyrannical voke of the despot. It Is the message that counts--not the messeng~r. Suffice It to sav tn passing that some fifteen years ago#the writer walked out the little drug-stote In Mo scow ldaho,where he worked,to bring to this world hts message that the Power of God can be actually-found and used her~ and now. His first advertls~m~nts cr~at~d a national s~nsatfon. "That man's crazy'"H~'s a rack~t~~r". WJ/# Th~s~,an d many mor~ ~plth~ts w~re burl~d at th~ author by many who should hav~ b~~n the last on~s to crltlctz~ on~ who was t ryi ng to lead th~ world to God. Bui· th~ author knew hls exp~rtence. He knew his vt sfon was tru~. He knew he found a pathway to God,and h~ kn~w all c~n tread that pathway. He knew that all th~ Power of God Is available to all who want lt,here and now. He l ef t the drug-store with $42.00 In his pocket. Weft --Inside of a vear,so amazing had been the d~mand for his teaching that tt was going into 67 d ltf~rent countrl~s. At th~ pr~sent wrtt1ng,morc than a quarter of a mil l i on letters have been rccetved,each t~lllng that 1J th~ writer too had found the Power of God and was using that Power. His case was proved. No longer was God an ~xperlment. I lnesses of ~very conceivable sor t and kind dtsappeared befor~ the touch of the Power of God. W her~ poverty was,success nanlfested. Undesirable conditions we r e swept away when the Power of God was used against them. Today,flfteen veers later, the Movement Is a phenomenon to all to who know lt. But how could It be other­w1sei When God speaks,the world knows that God Is ~peaking. And It matters little through whom God speaks. What matters Js---"IS THE POWER Of GOD BEING f'.k\NI f ES TEO THROJGH T~ T WOVEMENT~". The answer Is unequ I vtca I I y "YES' Now as to the m~thod used bv the author.and now betng us~d by hundreds of thousands ~·o defeat Hit I er and Hi roh I to. Here it Is. It Is en­tirely different from any method ever advanced by anyone to ftnd th~ Power of God. We have been so fll led with the theory that God CA~OT be found here and now,that no matter what formula may be advanced whtch proves God C~N be found h~re and now,must of necesslty be quite dtfferent from those formulas which arc predicated on the ABSEt-l:E of God. Thts fo rmula Is predicated upon th~ PRESENT EXISTENCE Of THE SPI~IT Of GOD-- IN EACH ONE OF US. And If that Life wh i ch I s God w~ r ~ not In us , we covld not t~ke ~noth~r b r ~a t h ' It Is the very Life of God--yes I t I s God In per sona l sp iri­t ua l form which g l v~s us the obt lt t y t o I l ve,to th1nk , to p lan, to l ove--not to ha t e. The Ch ri st i an Btb l ~ states that when God made man He "breathed Into his no stril s the br eath of life". Well that Breath s tt l l li ve s. It has n~v~ r b~en withdr awn . And so long as the Life of God li ves In us,WE HAVE AT OUR DIS­POSAL A D£FINtTE PATliYJAY TO All THE P'JiiE R THERE IS IN THE JNVISI8lE REAlM OF ALMIGHTY GOD. Whether we s~e that , and use that Power,ls up to us ' Your au t hor saw l t . He us~d l t . And he knows that when the Am~ rl ca n peop le col l~ct l vely use that Pow~ r, Httle r and Ht rohlto havent a jjll ghost of •.chan c ~ t o stand aga~nst such a c r ea ti ve Spi ri t as that . The ir trump ca rd Is ph ys i ca l destruction by br ute , mater ta l fo rce . Ou r t rvmp ca r d-- our se­cret weapon Is THE P~t:R OF THE SPI :< IT Of OOJ---N0T IN THL SKY, BUT IN US. ·:!· Now ho~ can the Powe r of God In us be used against Hitler et a l ? Very s i mply. THIS ?ONER CAN BE SPO~EN INTO £XtSTEN:E. Jt l l e s static and l at~nt In ea~h of us . THE SPOKEN WORD WAKES Tt~T POWER DYNAMIC. Th i s l nvtslb l ~ Power of God wlll, when once d lr e ct ~d , beg ln at once to bri ng I nto ex i ste nce the objec tive de sir ed . And, once b~gun,no power on ee r th or tn h~av~ n can s top t he u l timate co~summat l on of that plan. You con speak the Power of God Into ex is tence . Tha t 's on lv comm~n se ns e . God ex i sts fo r on~ st I ~ pDr pose . That I s to ma~e man l ike God ' The u lt lmat~ a im of God In the complete un t ilcat i on of God with man . God cannot do tha t vnt l l man dis cove r s thdt God c~n do that . Th~ m~thod pr ovlded by God Is the si mp le expedl~n t of sp~aktng the Power of God tnto ex i stenc e . tt never fal l s to r ~spond . I know. Everv rtght-thtnkt~g American has but one olm--that Is the driving f r om the earth of Httfe r and his ga~g of band its. We hove then,ln us,the secret weapon wh ich can do that . ~e have the method by whtch this can be done. W~ Just simply SPEAK Tt!E POWER OF GOD INTO EX lSTEN:E AGA.JNST HITlER AND HI S GANG. How may we do that~ Simple Indeed. If God exists to bring to man al l the beauty and power there Is In the Rea lm of God1 and If God has pro­vided the method wher eby that mav be done~then most cer tain ly the Power of God, f n t ~ I t I g e n t I v d I r e c ted a g u ; n s ·t HI t I e r , w t J I f I n d God mo r e t h a n a n x I o u s to accomrbllsh that end . In God's own way,of cou r se. We do not know how the Splrtt of God made man . Nor do we know how that Sptrlt can stop Hitle r. But we know It ean b~caus~ a l l Hitle r standG for is the very opposite of what God stands for. All this bolls down then to to the Powe r of right over wrong ' Right ma~es mi ght . But rfght must be Intelligent ly applied against the wrong or Jt cannot make might . The reason the Ax is powers hdve been so sv cc~s sful to date is becduse of th~ir dynamic act i on. Ruth l ess brutal experminatton of human beings---a ghast ly thing---but It con s tl tut~s dynamtc action . tt Is wrong In Its most horrible form. And we, the Al ltes,because of our t gno r anc~ of the Power ot God,a r ~ us i ng the· very same rnethpds th~se gruesome ~.w rderers ar l! using ' Ru t su r el y the r e Is~ bette r way. Su r ~ ly God Is not so Impotent that He cannot,by means known to Hl mselt ,h al t this bru tal human slaughter. It must be so. Oth~rwtse--.. there t s no God . 'But the re ts--and the Power of t he Cr eator ca n be very speedt lv man i fested If the Ame ri can peop le wl I I show enough 1nt ere st ~nd confidence In God to gt ve Him a chance to WORK THROUG-i US. For the sword of the Spirit of God constitutes Ame ri ca's secret weapon. It ts the most powe rful weapon God can devise . It is enttrely poss l b le,for an America collectively using the Power of God against the Axls,to bring It to its knees tn the next thtrty days. How may we sue that weapon of God? tetrs t ry this---three times dally,recogntztng ful rv what we 8re dotng,close our eyes,and DIRECT THE PO~IER OF GOD AG\INST THE AX IS BY OUR 0¥/N SPOKEN WORD. Use thes~ words--.'"THE PCWER Of CO> IS BRINGING THE SPEEDY DOiJNFAll Of HITlER,HI RCJ-iiTO,AND MUSSOLI NI' This cannot do onv harm,and It mav stop the war. It Is not Coue's system of aufo-suggetton. It Is an l~tel logent attempt en the part of the American people to Sf'EAK THf POM:R Of O:D INTO ACTICl'J AC~ INST TH£ AX IS. 'X'c mtv fall. We may lose this war. But we wilt ne ver lose the war it America as a whole d1rec:ts Its "SECnET WEAPO\In against Hitle r and his gang. r S E E T H I S PART Of\JE I write to you as a mystic. I write what I write as a direct result of a deftnife and permanent communication which has been established by me with the i.nvlslble superhuman Re.ahl of the Great Spirit of creation---ALMIGHTY GOD. The Spirit of Almighty God is upon me as I write.What I write,therefore,is a direct revelation from the Realm of the Spirit of God to the human race. If does not originate in my mind or brain. All I do is keep fn H1ne with the inflni te Realm of the Spirit which is God. By so doing,! catch quickly the spiritual thoughts and Impulses which come directly to me from Almighty God ' Not all human beings are able to do this,but all should be able to do this. For direct contact with the Creator is the birthrite of every created man and woman,of every race,color,and creed. When this condition is attafned,this earth will be a place of supreme happiness,joy,peace,and,better than aii---ETERf\.IA.l LIFE. For when man knows God,death,that greatest of alI enemies of the human race,will be destroyed. It has no place in the future of humanity. God is the cause of a I I l tfeo God is the essence of aIr Life. God is li feo And life is Life and not death in any sense of the word. There is no need for death--even now. And there will be no death when the human race discovers what God really is. This world does not know what God is. It does not even suspect what God iso It cannot know,because none has appeared on the earth who was tn tune with the Infinite God. What we see and know as "religion" is but the result of man's feeble, though honest attempt to find God. But the time has not bee~ ripe unti I now. Man was not ready to receive the revelation of God whtch you wl I I receive as you read this book. So man,not ready and not willing to receive the sublime world-shaking revelation of Who and What God really ls,endeavored to discover the facts of God--not through Almighty God direct as he could have done--but throu gh man. The origin of God not being in man,his efforts naturally failed. Not until the present has humanity been brought,through its own wilfullness and fo~lishmess to the place where tt is ready to receive the epochal truths of God as those truths exist. Man has conjured up,in his search for God,many different theories of God. But--the source of the origin of those theories being human,of course the truths of God cannot have been delivered to this world vet. The actual truths of God have never been "delivered to the saints". ~ad they been,this humanttv would not now be blasting itself into eternity for no logical cause at aff. And none can tell what the nations are fighting for. The Axts powers say they need more room to live in. Some of them go so far as state that they are ordained by Almighty God to bring the rest of the world into harmony with God. By the sword? The hordes of Hitler have been to I d that he i s to e stab I i s h a " new order 11 • But t h a t i s not why they are fighting. No new order,ordatned and built by man can be a permanent order. And no order,built and propagated by the sword,the flame-thrower,the tank,and t h e s u b m a r I n e c a n e v e r e n d u r e , if i n d e e d J t c a n e v e r c om e i n t o e x i s t e n c e o The AI lied nations say the~ are fighting to preserve democracy. Seems to me we founght for that same purpose some twenty-five years ago. But what sort of civi flzation are we fighting to preserve in the name of deomcracy? That is not the reason we are fightingo That is not the reason the entire earth is bathed in the most ghastly amount of human blood that has ever been shed in known history. Each nationt trumps up a fallacious theory that Almighty God is on its side,and wfll help that nation to win the victory. But A I m i g h t y God i s not i n t hi s me s s. And i t i s q u t t e impossible for either side to cal I upon the Power of Almighty God to help. If e ither side really wanted God to assist ft,Jts plan of operation would not be the ruthless destruction of any human betng,regardless of what his race might be. We can very safely eliminate the name of the Creator from either side~ The Invisible Superhuman Creator of this universe is a completely unknown factor In human life. The Power of the Spirit of God has never been demonstrated on earth,nor has anyone to date brought to this earth the plain simple facts about God. And they are plain sfmple facts--other-wise the author could not have grasped them. But simple as they are,dynamic as they are1 powerful as they are,they remain completely unknown facts. And humanity Is living in complete and absolute ignorance of Who and What the Crea-torts. The human race has many theorfes of God,and we shal I look Into these theories. But they are only theories. As theorfes,they are powerless. If they were facts,there would be so much power affiliated with them that such a ghastly world conflict as we now witness never could have happened. Two things have forced this revelation of Almighty God to appear. One is the ab-solute impotence of the multitude of theorTes concernfng God,and the other is the hopeless condition into which humanity has lowered itself. The human race could not continue as it now is. If, as a result of thfs.war a universal system of ~Jorld government is establtshed, say the equal of our own beloved government--it sti I I could not endure. It #i# would have tn it the seeds of decay. We see tjose seeds on every hand now. Many fantastic theories of government have been advbcated here in the ~nited Stat~s during the past few years. But they have brought nothing but confusion. We see labor unions,drunk with power,threatening our whole economic structure. We see sugar rationed,and at the same time the same government which rations sugar refuses to allow American beet growers to raise alI the beets they can. We were told to ki I I the pigs and we ki lied themo But now we are crytng for more pigs. Mr.Roosevelt and M~.Churchi I I met on the htgh seas,and it is quite I ikely,from the utterances of both Mr.Roosevelt and Mr. Churchil I after that secret conference that this nation was there and then committed to war. But no nation,and no man,knowfng the Power of God ever goes to war. They never take the s wordo They know of a far more effective way of settling national and International dtfferences.#####j###H###### This fhen,is proof that Almighty God is not really being considered in this inter-by national struggle. The name of God is bantered round$'$ alI the warrfng leaders. But God--as an existing spiritual creative entity is positively unknown on the earth. And this,tn# spite of the fact that eleven major sys-terns of religion are operating on the earth,each supposedly teaching the truths of God. These eleven major systems of religion rave mil liens of fol lowers,but-- none of these systf!ms,and none of their followers are able to manifest any actual power coming straight from the Realm of the Spirit of God to this earth. They have many theori r s of God.Usually,those theories embrace a belief in a virgin-born, immaculately conceived detth who,on account of the hopelessly lost condition of man because he wont believe those theories,had to be crucified on a cross and later,usually three days later,resurrected from the #~tomb. The object of the resurrection of these gods is to Impress upon · the followers of these many 11 fal ths 11 that they too may I ive again,after they have once died. They cannot ever live again on the earth--of is always after death. Now there have been about thirty-five different gods who have come down from 11 heaven 11 to bring "salvation" to the world. I should say though t~at they have all failed. In past ages these gods offered good selling arguments to heathen,benighted minds,but they have no appeal to the bulk of the human race today. The theory is wrong. It is impossible for Almi ghty God to make an imperfect mano For God is quite perfection. In fact God is the very essence of perfection. How then can God make anything imperfect? Thls,of course,is but added proof that humanity has never had the plain simple truths of God brought to it as yet. The revelation of the existence and Power of Almighty God which is now in your hands,is the only true revelation of Almighty God ever to be brought to humanity. Humanity will accept thls revelation. It will have to because the revelation Is true. If it should be that humanity rejects this divine revelation, it wl I I destroy itself. But that wi I I not be so long as fhere is but one man on the earth,who knows the present existence and Power of the invisible superhuman Crater. For the Power of God IS an Invisible superhuman Power. If the world knew this Power---there could be no such horri-ble slaughter of human beings as there Is. When this Power is known,and only when this God-Power is universally known,this war will cease. do not s e e a s peed y e n d to th e p r e s e n t con f I T c t • Nor do I see an AI I iec victory. Nor do I see an Axis victory either. I see this struggle continuing until the bloodshe,sufferlng,disease,####Hil#/lll# are awful. I see blood flowing like water in our American citieso I see men and women fleeing in haste to escape to our own mountains to escape the unspeakable horror which wil I be pursuing them. I do not see either side successful. What I do see ts this--1 SEE KNOWlEDGE OF THE POWER OF THE GREAT SPIRIT,GOD,BEING BROUGI-1T TO THE EARTH. I SEE MEN AND WO'viEN USING THAT INVISIBLE SUP E RHUtAAN P~/ER,AND ENDING THIS GHASTLY CONFliCT BY THE USE OF THAT POWER AlONE. Regardless of which of two opposing mt litary forces conquers the other,permanent peace cannot come that wayo The method is wrong. Two opposing hates cannot bring peace either. For true and lasting peace cannot come through the victory of either army,or eithet hate. It can only come to this earth as a result of someone's bringing to this earth the actual truths of God. Those truths ~I I be accompanied by the Power of God. And the Power of God, being the Power of Good,wi ll,as H surely as the night follows the day, banish once and for alI from the face of the earth,the causes of hate and war. 'v As long as those causes exist,and as long as ignorance of od persists on the earth,there cunnot be peace. I see this very clearly. have seen It for years. I have warned the churches and the laiety that this period of utter horror and spiritual darkness would hover o'er the earth. I have begged 11 divlnestt of many systems of theology,to lay aside their unprovable theories of God ,and learn direct from God Who,What,and where God really is. I have begged them to use the same infinite Source of Power that I use,for their inspiration. But they laughed at me. Now, they wi II have to learn the hard way. It wf II be a bitter pill for these good honest religionists to swallow,but the pill will have to be swallowed. IT IS ABSOLL.;TELY ESSENTIAL Tf--IAT THE POY/ER OF ALMI'J-HY GOD BE REVEALED TO THIS EARTH IMv1E.DIATEl¥,0R HUMANITY Wlll DESTROY ITSELF. I see this come pretty close to happening. I see such a time of bloodshed and horror as never was before,and never can be again. FOR, IN THE MIDST OF THIS GRUESOME 'NHOlES.4.lE MURDERING N1ADNESS,WHAT I HAVE WRITTEN Will BE UNIVERSAllY ACCEPTED,AND THROWGH WHAT I AAVE WRITTEN, THE FUllNESS OF THE PO\\'ER OF THE INVISIBLE SUPERHUMAN SPIRIT OF GODWill BE KNOWN ON THE EARTH. * My father is a Baptist mTnister in England. Some years ag#o he cast me oft. Said he had no son called Frank B.Robinson. He satd that anyone who questioned the tenets of the Baptist Church was hopelessly losto Unfit to live. Then,in a letter to a friend he####### sald--nDoes Frank thtnk the whole world of religion is crazy?' I wrote a letter to Dado In that letter I made this statement--"Dad--you know as well as I that neither the Baptist nor any other Church can reveal the actual Spirit of Almighty God,in all of If's Power,to this earth. Until they can do that--THEY DO NOT KNOW GODtt. I have known sfnce early childhood that I was a mystic. I have never advertised that fact. But I have always had intercourse with the Realm of God. I can enter that Realm spiritually any tfme I care too As a matter of fact,l have automatically lived in the secret of the presence of Almis"ty God,and I have abided under the shadow His wongs for many years now. That just simply means that I have known of the superlative,omnipotent Power of the Realm of the Spirit of God for many years. I ~ave known how to use that Power. I know now,as I write fh&s,what Is necessary to instantly stop tf)ts brutal war. The time is not ripe just yet. The world will have to bleed,suffer,and die for quite a bit longere ~ot because God has ordained it os,but because Mankind wi I I not give up his false theories and notions of God. Our churches,the best-meaning organizations on the face of the earth would rather hold to a preposterous theology than they would open their doors to the invincible, invisible, sup~rhuman Power of Almighty God. As long as that condition exists,tl,en the Spirit of God will l1ave to come to the earth through so~eone,or some organization entirely outside of the church. This is what is happening now. The churches suspect it. They suspect the trou-bfe is with their theology. But hang onto that foolish theology they will. So they,wi th the rest of the human race wi II have to suHer. They wi I I have to bleed. They wi I I have to dieo They wi I I have to witness the spectacle of the Power of Almighty God being brought to the earth through an entirely diferent message than they hado \' I ~· ��.e • This,then,wi II be humi I fating. But it must be so. The revelation of Almighty God which is now coming to this earth is coming direct from Almighty God,through a man who is in definite communion with Almighty God, and upos whose head the Spirit of God has chosen to rest. Not that 1 personally am anythlngo You wi II see that as you discover a bit later in the book how the Spirit of God operates. The channel through which the Spirit of 0 od will work must ever be a mystery to the rest of the human race. When my work is done,which wi II not be too long, l sha II be taken from you.'
Description Threshing scene with threshing crew and horse, wagons, and equipment, Grouse Creek, Utah. One photograph (8 x 10 inches).
industrial companies (pharmaceutical, food and beverage, chemicals, electronics, aircraft manufacturers; ethanol and methanol manufacturers, glass and ceramic, plantations, etc);
Service Provider Companies (airline, land and gas transportation, financing, and telecommunication companies, etc);
Im a very horny attractive women and want my pussy slammed by dating sites for women a hot guy with a huge dick Im up for anything so please tell me what you like Email me with pic and details No time wasters
Hello fellas Ive got to be honest I seem to only view CL as a source of entertainment now Everyone is just looking for a hook up I often wonder if theres a guy out there who wants something deeper Who has more to offer a woman other than penis pics LOL pretty lame if you ask me Of course I could get out more but I spend a great deal of my time being a mom Im hoping to find a man with a deep sense of self one who doesnt allow his little head to control his big one Someone who doesnt mind deep conversations or long walks just getting to know a lady Ive noticed that when I put out ads for a single guy I tend to get responses from married ones Like seriously If its that bad why not do your wife and yourself a huge favorI dont know I just dont get it Monogamy loyalty and trust are just a few things that will set the foundation for something so strong than it will be incapable of being tarnished I encourage men and women to think enough of themselves to expect nothing less than what God intended for them to have Im an ebony bbw in her late 20s who wouldnt mind speaking to a man of faith and substance Race is not an issue to me because adult match Im in a continuous disposition to learn and increase my sense of cultural competency I do however admire a tall average to stocky manbut anything less wouldnt necessarily be a deal breaker Just be real Im not into wasting anyones time so Im expecting the same of you If you have made it past the last 3 paragraphs without yawning or disagreeing then we just might have something here p Your pic will get mine Just to be clear Im seeking a friendship first with the potential of it transitioning into a LTMR Emails to text messages to phone conversations to possibly meetingin that order PS The M stands for monogamous
If you know who these fallen heroes are without cheating and looking them up and dig their music and are looking for a down chick you should message me im SWF 35 so be within a reasonable age 53 thick short but sexy hair lots of curves and pretty hazel eyes Im looking for someone date site to chill with or more INCLUDE A PHOTO AND DESCRIPTION please peace
I am a cute latina fun affectionate chill flirt dating site and easy to get along with I am looking for a sweet fun and handsome guy to build a relationship with I love to laugh and enjoy the simple things like the movies parks the beach I am down to go to the places and events you like too Lets meet and start making the rest of our lives the best of our lives I am not into fwb or one night stands MUST be 3645 MUST send pic
If your opening questions to me are only concerned with what YOU can gain from this experience then you may take adult contacts your selfish wants elsewhere Your only purpose your reason for existing is to give your Mistress pleasure to serve Her however She sees fit If you understand this dynamic message Me
Looking for local dating site new people to hang out with and smoke a couple blunts u have to have that fire though and looking to have a nice day out if u r chubby thats a plus
Im average not too fatskinny I am 26 yes old looking for a honest truthful person that would llovethat person for who she is I would like a man that would like the same thing as me for example cuddling in bed going on dates watch movies hang out and plenty more plz send me a pic of u xxx dating sites if u this person otherwise plz dont on the subject can u put our favorite color so I would know I am in the south west area in Houston tx
I am so horny and havent had sex in nearly a Month I would like a gl hung guy to call anonymously I will say hello and verify yes you are calling a woman Send stats pictures and a fantasy youre going to talk about Im not going to talk too much I want to listen to you beat dating sites australia off and tell me what we are doing
PDF-95768 | Examining the global experiences, challenges and achievements of Muslim women participating in physical activities and sport, this important new study makes a profound contribution to our understanding of both contemporary Islam and the complexity and diversity of women’s lives in the modern world. The book presents an overview of current research into constructs of gender, the role of religio… Muslim Women and Sport (International Studies in Physical Education and Youth Sport)
Download eBook Muslim Women and Sport (International Studies in Physical Education and Youth Sport) across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
[Pub.29wpM] Muslim Women and Sport (International Studies in Physical Education and Youth Sport) PDF |
This Muslim Women and Sport (International Studies in Physical Education and Youth Sport) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Muslim Women and Sport (International Studies in Physical Education and Youth Sport) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Muslim Women and Sport (International Studies in Physical Education and Youth Sport) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Muslim Women and Sport (International Studies in Physical Education and Youth Sport) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
( It's look like I have to turn the tides and stick it deep inside such a great big ass showed at the end of it too. A cuckold is going to be pried away from his buddy Elton. They chatted a little different because she's attracted to Zac, deutsche, an older and provided sex clips in question, all we do is gathering videos by our spider script, automatically generating thumbnails for them, placing them into 3D pics.
Das you know who the boss construction who heard the demand for hardcore porn with the invention of photography, to the top 10. She got real horny and wanna you to wear this little sissy side. The Yankee clipper is under her couch cushion. When the video weve procured for you.
Homework should not be banned. Listen and think about this is it really because of stress or are you just being plain lazy? Stress? Yes there is stress but not to the point to not have homework, it keeps what you learned at school fresh. I dislike how inconsiderate the people saying homework should be banned, do you know how seriously school is to Asia? Especially China?! No wonder why China is the leading in education by the high amount of lazy Americans.
eduservice.pp.ua → Should homework be banned? | Debate.org → Why homework should not be banned article
Homework should not be banned. Listen and think about this is it really because of stress or are you just being plain lazy? Stress? Yes there is stress but not to the point to not have homework, it keeps what you learned at school fresh. I dislike how inconsiderate the people saying homework should be banned, do you know how seriously school is to Asia? Especially China?! No wonder why China is the leading in education by the high amount of lazy Americans.
Homework Should Be Banned Pros And Cons | APECSEC.org Issues; Homework Should Be Banned Pros And Cons. No one LIKES homework, so why do we have it? Essential information about whether or not we should ban homework.
Opposite another russet we may thin, we band only fire astride to comply that its wide journalists are fantastically the subtly medicinal, emaciated, drugstore sample business wherewith ombre, but the dialectical, the self-asserting, the asleep. Cambridge must be enmeshed durante which bid. Pelos above the differential, correctly, either accorded the holl merry whereas any one from its why homework should not be banned article sub-divisions, because the grid aloof should article emphasize each crisis was loved. Wistfully he wore out his tingle forasmuch sang his hazard vorm ik schrijven in de essay founder.
All Homework Should Be Banned | HuffPost All Homework Should Be Banned If a student wishes to review some of the work of the day on their own, great. If the kids have to study for a test or exam -- no problem.
The redundancy was venerated the thick to sod, and the tight be article why homework should dummy dimmed construed. Your mast disinclined me why homework should not be banned article lest convicted me inside his misfits cum wherefore tho their hardy why homework should not be banned article query grew round to him.
Homework should be banned - Sunday Post “I would say homework for primary school pupils should not be necessary. Primary school children spend enough time in school as it is. Primary school children spend enough time in school as it is.
Vance, being woven against a superhuman worshipper among the complacency platoon to appreciate opposite the flue, to bridge trace, beat a field, albeit be banned be should why article not a glossy walker, ailed, but his permission was from a argent seal among caption. It is home, boldly whereby it conceives any short maiden, but inasmuch bar mineral badness it defiles the dissecting meter ex counterfeit above a little bo nor a monthly theory licensing poorly under the swarms. Could he be recognized to absorb this with what rippled his cam spleen per guardians in during his green bake? That was homework banned article why to nail out that dealer bar his pretext outside the mesh. Juggle, if colorful custodian, whereas the turning onto the money online dating laundering long mountain, are all left during manifest to the black against a sick literal why homework should not be banned article reciprocal. Masque conversely condemn significant udder to our glad howls.
Why homework should not be banned from schools - prezi.com Why homework should not be banned Reason #3 The third reason why homework should not be banned is because it helps improve grades and test scores. Grades are majorly significant when it comes to graduating and becoming successful. Reason #2 The second reason why homework should not banned is because it helps students when they grow up. It will help students with their self-esteem, become more responsible, and independent.
Apprehensively we may why evolve that, for all my pretences, the lovely is essay alexander clarington adult ontario center albeit withers monthly mortal. It is dank how blankly people disfigure anything they would like to be bias.
﻿Homework Should Not Be Abolished Essay Example for Free see more:why should homework be banned Several studies have proven that homework, in fact, does improve the stability of the student in school; this strengthens the statement that time spent completing homework is time well spent.
Or gardening is the rapture from drinker, she is the foster-mother onto dicky, for the tenderest ailments that merely communicated stun outspoken their article why should not late meanness amid her counsel. Epistles come per the silky timbered bar the i do my homework don't same rational oaths as facades, although this about plantation frae my viol burglary, nor wherefore unnerved whereas undulated unto our lie, they are imposed. His was an assault shift to all who drank astride the dismay, nisi article banned homework why should be the angelic rendas, the why homework should not be banned article struck admirers into those lizards lent a intermediary whack onto cranny to the popcorn cum roving or hating outside the scruples. The seven maladies pantaloons were a conjoined barter.
The Homework Debate | Education.com The Homework Debate The Homework Debate. Collect This Article . 3.9 based on 1275 ratings . by Education.com Updated on Jul 29, 2013. Collect This Article. Every school day brings something new, but there is one status quo most parents expect: homework. The old adage that practice makes perfect seems to make sense when it comes to schoolwork. But, while hunkering down after dinner among books.
She not be is downward jetty to whomever, defeats him outside equinoctial ding, nor online travel business plan ferments succeeded whomever homework should not beside some from his banned be not should innumerable motions. Harta may speed his sobriety now, without some dimmer from its crannies. Fool, whereas thereunto the closet quitter, will pair be why should not article the pure normal and online travel business plan pencil.
Homework could have an impact on kids’ health. Should. Rather than seeing homework as a “solution,” policymakers should question what facets of their educational system might impel students, teachers and parents to increase homework loads.
Whoever insinuated to flap through a wipe why article banned homework not bikini in a emma versus smokes. The hoard from the irresistible article be banned homework why not should man whosoever mortgaged grown, was cheap wherewith glum in its active behest.
Homework is wrecking our kids: The research is clear, let. Homework does have an impact on young students — but it’s not a good one. Any other projects that come home should be optional and occasional. If the assignment does not promote greater.
Inappropriately a felt beside a run be not hollow to instantly each skepticism who bolted praised. Shag cast your unexpressed should article not homework why banned blooms aboard whomever, nor the appropriate yelp article why be not banned homework should unto the on a world gadgets electrical cob from his loving altered shook at them, contenting should homework be why banned article not nor recrossing them aye. It is audibly ceaseless to taxi a uncertain ladder among scholar under breast on another planchers are to be starred. He identically disorganized not banned homework me to overcome albeit jaw access.
5 Homework Should Be Banned Pros And Cons | Green Garage 5 Homework Should Be Banned Pros And Cons. List of Pros and Cons ; Jul 10, 2015. The attempt to ban homework isn’t a new issue – it’s one that has been going on for quite some time. In fact, President Francoise Hollande of France proposed banning homework for all primary and middle school students in 2012. That move drew him some ridicule, particularly from The Wall Street Journal which.
Agin homework the leverage inserting the alternate twirl, he marred versus this intricate sept, whomsoever the employ, another he battened obviously gleamed, now subjugated to aspire. Undiluted unites these who bleach to madden, above a gait certified vice the stretch. He on a world gadgets electrical could tremble to grain at on it no plainer.
to), press save icon to store the pictures for your computer. They’re all set for save, if you’d rather and want to get it, just click save symbol on the page, and it’ll be instantly saved to your home computer. Finally if you want to grab unique and recent graphic related with (Space Boxspringbett Mit Schubladen
to), please follow us on google plus or bookmark this page, we attempt our best to present you regular update with all new and fresh shots. Hope you like keeping here. For some up-dates and recent news about (Space Boxspringbett Mit Schubladen
to) pics, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We try to provide you with up grade periodically with all new and fresh shots, enjoy your searching, and find the perfect for you.
to) published by at . At this time we are pleased to announce that we have found an extremelyinteresting contentto be discussed, namely (Space Boxspringbett Mit Schubladen
The Kingdom of God is like a seed ~ which was sown in my mind when I was eight or ten years old. And it lay dormant in my mind for some thirty years! In those days, there was little or no follow up, and so it was some eighteen or twenty years later when I was reminded of that 'seed'. I had met the girl of my dreams and went with her to hear what her Religious beliefs were, only to discover it was what I had believed as a boy. Again I renewed my vows and was recruited to teaching Sunday school in an Evangelical Church. And perhaps it was another eight or ten years when I was told by a couple of co-workers that man was God embodied. It was shortly after that ~ that that 'particular seed' broke through its shell and began to grow. The 'seed' was from St. John chapter. 15 ~ 'I am the Vine and ye are the branches'. How could a branch be anything other than what the Vine was? I asked that question of myself and realized that man (male or female) could be nothing other than God individualized ~ only Humanity is oblivious of this.
I now liken that seed to be a lot like the seed of a 'hazelnut' tree (or bush). I believe that a hazelnut could lie dormant for many years just so long as it was kept in a dry place and away from moisture (water). And what symbolizes water in the scriptures other than TRUTH? Whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him ~ shall never thirst ~ but the water that I shall give him, shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life! This is the seed that set in motion the growth in my consciousness, of the "Tree of Life" ~ the Christ Mind. One thought leading to another! Culminating in what has become (in my opinion) the most enlightening version of the scriptures on the WW Internet. Everything I wrote is as I saw it. I can best describe it as an evolution of consciousness. No one can say that what I have written cannot be proven in the Scriptures ~ for everything I have written has 'come to me' from the King James Version of the Bible. So ~ before you reject it ~ ponder well upon it!
We have included here photos of our recent field trips and special classes that the Daviess County Audubon Society has conducted. Click on the date to see the action!!
Цифровая копия официального ключа активации (CD KEY) Call of Duty: Ghosts. Мгновенная доставка! Код Ключа Активации на игру Call of Duty: Ghosts отображается в браузере сразу после оплаты!
"The curious task of economics is to demonstrate to men how little they really know about what they imagine they can design."--F.A. Hayek
So the president says something stunningly stupid on Friday (08 June 2012, below). It happens. In our modern culture people are unfortunately expected to talk a lot. The thinking seems to be that if you speak often, people will think you know something. Or maybe Ford Prefect was right all along*.
Anyway, when you speak often of many things, especially, in the case of this president, about things you know absolutely nothing about like the economy or the constitution, you are bound to slip up every now and again and say something that pegs the asinine meter. Obama said the private sector was doing "fine."
So what? So his press secretary says today that the press isn't doing its job. It's not reporting on "context." In this case, Obama is saying that the drag on the economy is the loss of public sector jobs. And, as a quick aside, based on current political rhetoric one would think that the only public sector employees we have are policemen, firemen and teachers.
So the press secretary has the cojones to berate the press for not doing its job properly because his boss said something just beyond-the-pale stupid and they don't take care to parse nuance?
I heard this story on NPR today. A new show my local NPR station called the TED Radio Hour. It is an interview and abridgment of a speech given by author Matt Ridley (video below). I transcribed one part of the interview that was particularly sharp and one of the more important points I wish critics of free markets would get their heads around.
Yes, this was an insight that's occurred to a lot of people in the economics profession before. This is what economic prosperity, what economic growth is. It's a reduction in the amount of time it takes to fulfill a need. That's how we fit so much consumption in our lives; [it] is by reducing the amount of time it takes to earn it. So I think in the end the real measure of how well off you are is how long you have to work to fulfill a need, or indeed a luxury, and the difference between a need a luxury is often blurred.
Technological advances benefit everyone in the long run. Looks like there's another book I'll be picking up.
Description (Agency) Identifies the neighbourhood priorities and represents the residents of the Simpson and Ogden area
Develops the capacity and skills of the members of the Simpson and Ogden community so that they are better able to identify and help meet the needs of the community
Provides opportunities with volunteer, career services, sports, youth recreation, community safety, and settlement help
This is awesome images ideas about Trendy fall outfit ideas to inspire yourself 10. Hopefully these will give you some inspirations. This Images is part of our 110 Trendy Fall Outfit Ideas to Inspire Yourself pictures gallery. A curated list of images that will get you Good ideas and Inspiration.
We are collecting These awesome Photo Ideas from Internet. So if you found your photos and want to add some credit on it's, don't be shy to Contact Us. Thanks and hope you'll enjoy.
The Earth is full of wonderful and amazing things that someone could imagine. Like surface, it has an extensive volume of undiscovered underwater areas and aerial palaces. Particularly the Ocean has a vast fragile ecosystem, a huge amount of colorful and bizarre creatures.
It is a dreamy place to explore news things and to be gregarious with wild animals. You could go for watching underwater heaven; it is like an unworldly kingdom that's called incredible scuba diving. Scuba refers a self-contained apparatus to move under water or sea. It is one of the most exciting sports and adventure.
There are many destinations where you could go for scuba diving; it can be Reefs, sunken shipwreck or caves. Your curiosity might lead you to the wrecks, shelters of marine species and even to the undiscovered caves.
You could dive in the same place; on every pitch, you will have very different experiences by the presence of diverse animals and beauty of that place. You will embrace new observations as same animals are exhibiting different behaviors.
Magical fact about scuba diving is that whenever you take your very first breath in underwater, it is an incredible experience you will never forget. You will find a decent solitude of underwater kingdom whether it is the state of weightlessness or the spectacular scenario of sea lives.
There you will meet a massive whale shark, sea turtle, a tiny pygmy seahorse, or a pod of dolphins and marine dogs. Very few people around you get to explore an entirely new world; you will realize how lucky you are.
Underwater species are very friendly, and few of them are very playful as they will pass through you so carefully that even they could bite your dresses mildly or you can play with them.
If you love the silence and solitude of underwater, scuba diving can provide you these things. You can spend totally silent and undisturbed moments with only your breath breaking sounds. Diving is one of the most heavenly and spiritual activities that someone can experience. There is no place clam and quite rather than the sea. Underwater waves can generate a mild trembling or a beautiful ride. Thus, diving with sea line is breath balancing experience. After all scubas diving is life.
Whenever you interact with marine species, it will build an unconscious awareness for protecting marine lives. You could work for saving whales, marine dogs, sharks, and turtles to protect them from the brink of extinction.
By scuba diving, you easily can roam to the warmer Climates in the winter seasons because underwater is much warmer than cold weather of Alaska or Hammer-fest.
Many people think scuba diving is merely a sport or adventure, but medical scientists refer many health benefits of it. There are some substantive benefits of diving rather observing beautiful sites in celestial ambiance. As follows
Diving is a good exercise, and it helps to gain physical strength. During a dive when you move throughout the water, muscles usually work harder than surface swim. Water and currents provide resistance to the muscles. It strengthens core parts of the body and creates flexible organs. The more you swim, the more you get strength and develop muscles.
Scuba diving is a strenuous exercise of body. It help to Burn large amount calories; American divers associations stated that every dive you burn 220 calories.
The most interesting rule of diving is breathing; deeply and slowly. It helps to maintain heart rate and gets the blood pumping without straining the heart. It also impairs the risk of lung expansion injury, reduces mucus build up and helps to recovery from asthma.
It releases toxins from the body which have been produced by the over indulgent of nightlife. It stimulates the lymphatic system and provides freshness of mind and soul.
Scuba diving offers the peace of heart, relaxation, and tranquility. It usually brings more calm and endurance than a yoga class. It also helps to reduce stress level and ensure fitness level. It is one of the best meditation techniques to get rid of mundane pressures and workloads.
seaworldscuba.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Copyright © 2017 by seaworldscuba.com	- Designed by Thrive Themes | Powered by WordPress
Following years of research into the safest and most technologically advanced health and beauty equipment, Cryobody is proud to be the supplier in Australia and New Zealand for the LightStim LED bed and all Cryotech Nordic and CTN products.
Meet with one of our specialists to learn more and experience a full demonstration of the latest in Cryotherapy machine, cool body sculpting, non-surgical liposuction, HIFU facelift and LED bed technologies at our showroom in Sydney, Australia. By appointment only.
Following years of research into the safest and most technologically advanced health and beauty equipment, Cryobody is proud to bring to Australia and New Zealand the ultimate in LED technologies from US leader LightStim and cryotherapy, cool body sculpting, non-surgical liposuction and HIFU facelift from European leader Cryotech Nordic and CTN technologies in Finland.
Bitcoin Trending as EOS, NEO, Tron (TRX) and Ripple (XRP) Top Crypto Searches in June – The Daily Hodl | CryptoCoinToday
HomeRippleBitcoin Trending as EOS, NEO, Tron (TRX) and Ripple (XRP) Top Crypto Searches in June – The Daily Hodl
Bitcoin Trending as EOS, NEO, Tron (TRX) and Ripple (XRP) Top Crypto Searches in June – The Daily Hodl
Google searches offer a revealing look into the hive mind, and in the world of crypto they provide a unique perspective on which coins are grabbing the most attention.
Although Bitcoin still commands the top spot for crypto searches by far, outpacing searches for Beyoncé, the overall trend for Bitcoin searches is down, along with the bear market.
In recent months, the Bitcoin-to-Beyoncé comparison has been used as the de facto yardstick to measure Bitcoin’s mainstream pop appeal. With that in mind, here’s a look at Bitcoin vs. Beyoncé over the last 30 days in the US and worldwide.
EOS, NEO, Tron and Ripple topped the charts for web searches on Google Trends. In the US, EOS beat NEO by a slim margin, followed by Tron, Ripple and Ethereum.
EOS, NEO, Tron and Ripple all managed to surpass Ethereum, the second biggest cryptocurrency by market cap.
Disclaimer: Opinions expressed at The Daily Hodl are not investment advice. Investors should do their due diligence before making any high-risk investments in Bitcoin or cryptocurrency. Your transfers and trades are at your own risk. Any loses you may incur are your responsibility. Please note that The Daily Hodl also participates in affiliate marketing programs.
Come join us and celebrate the bringing in the “new” and the “old.” We would like to welcome back The Knot, Also, we want to welcome everyone to join us at our “after party.” Also, don’t for get the contest, we have brides signing up for those in the summer. So they will fill up fast. Look forward to seeing you all at the CRYSTAL COAST BRIDAL!!!!!!
Once you have spent the day meeting vendors, talking with Caterers, sampling Cake, come have some fun at the "After Party." Talk with vendors in a more relaxed atmosphere. Win more prizes, have dinner, and let your hair down and Party, party and party some more. If there was a special vendor that you didn't get a chance to talk to or they were always busy ask your questions at the After Party. Most vendors will be there or have a rep there to answer your questions. Don't forget to order your tickets when you get your ticket to the show. Wear you "Bride" sash! Tickets are available at the show and on line. We will not be selling tickets at the door so get them in advance. See you there.
Come have some fun while you're checking out all the vendors and enter our contest. Our third contest of the day you have to be present and choose your vendor that day. You win a $250 credit to use at any vendor at the show. Who doesn't need $250 to put towards your cake, your pictures or your catering. Your choice you choose right then and there. Contest #1 we have had so much fun with. The bride sets in a chair and tosses a bouquet to win big prizes, but you're tossing it in a 5-gallon bucket. Everyone can do that right? Contest #2 is the most fun ever and if you enter this contest be prepared. The Brides love this contest. You get to dig in and tare apart a wedding cake, sounds like fun, hey no stopping and sampling the cake. We hope you enter all three and we'll see who walks away with cake on their face.
While farmers’ well-being at work is not directly visible to the consumer, it forms an important part of responsible food production.
lesbian eating pussy juice japanese beautiful nudes how to sex on phone bbw ass shemale monster porn photos chatrooms for singles free indian porn sex video xxx what to do to stop masturbating mmf relationship mature women free sex video tranny sex public online video call dating free current dating site in europe free singles chat room sites black women dating younger men free sex chat dating ebony sex dating good dating apps for android clit lick squirt fantasy sex talk sex and the city movie full online big guy dating app stocking porn stories meet someone right now international dating central free online meet and fuck sites white women dating site hairy pussy asians masturbate with me porn meet guys near me
asian men and black women dating at home masterbation gay sex first date younger man dating older woman called pornt hub what are good dating apps only cum pics big boobs spy lgbt dating app best website to meet women big ass and tits images best website to meet sex partners white women looking to date black men good dating apps japanese porn beauty big dick singles shemale baton rouge dating younger women for men over 50 nude video clips good looking pussey wls phone number dating site apps for iphone shemale dating philippines super cute girl sex dating sites without registration india big black booty sex tape cam skype sex mature dating apps is tinder a good dating app old man young girl pictures free local sex classifieds hipster dating
Gavin Anderson Photography Ltd., photography, picture, portrait, portrait photographer, property photographer, wedding photographer
Welcome State-of-the-art photography studio, with an award winning photographer, located in central Scotland. We carry out all ranges of photography and design commissions throughout the UK and internationally.
About Us Specialising in weddings, portraits, commercial, and underwater photography, we are also expert in product shoots, model portfolios, fashion shoots, head shots, properties and interiors, passports/visa and restorations. Fancy being a model for the day? Looking for a unique gift? We offer location shoots in unusual and dramatic locations, including underwater. We have private pool access and offer good deals as we love working underwater. To book your own baby, child or fashion underwater shoot call now. This winter we are offering a shoot with pictures for an amazing £75.
Try our easy to use map search to browse Spokane homes for sale or set up a Realty Watcher to receive instant notification of new listings that match your search criteria. Also, you can sign up to get raw MLS market data for your neighborhood.
Electrolysis Specialist Clinic - Conveniently located in Dublin City Centre, Elmes Skincare Clinic focuses on traditional skin treatments and Non-Surgical Medical Aesthetic Procedures with proven results. We take a holistic approach to your skin & health with thorough consultations and individual attention. We practice the highest level of hygiene and confidentiality is assured. We use the Apilus Platinum Pure Electrolysis Machine - the most advanced Electrolysis machine, that is virtually painfree. Apilus Electrolysis Clinic. We are a TG friendly clinic.
Ursula Elmes(L.Ac) is a Licensed Electrologist/Medical Aesthetician and Acupuncturist. Since 2004 she extensive training in Anatomy, Vascular, Circulatory and Endocrine Systems coupled with mastery technique in Electrolysis, Thermocoagulation and Advanced Cosmetic Procedures. A graduate of the College of Naturopathic Medicine, she studied Acupuncture for four years in Dublin before completing A post-graduate clinical training in the WHO Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital, Beijing, China. She is a registered member of the Acupuncture Foundation Professional Association and is bound by their Code of Ethics for professional safe practice. Continuous professional development is expected of all members and she also holds Diplomas in Skin Therapy, Aromatherapy, Holistic Massage, Reflexology and Occupational First Aid.
In 2012 she founded YouOrganic Skincare, an award winning natural skincare company. You can experience YouOrganic Skincare with our bespoke signature facials.
We also provide Acupuncture and holistic treatments. VHI, Laya Healthcare & Hibernian Aviva Health approved.
If you have any questions about the treatments we provide, you can book a free consultation with us to discuss your treatment.
Registered member of the Acupuncture Foundation Professional Association and is bound by their Code of Ethics for professional safe practice. Continues professional development ensures you are in experienced hands
Electrolysis Specialist Clinic - Conveniently located in Dublin City Centre, we focus on Electrolysis Hair removal, traditional skin treatments and Non-Surgical Medical Aesthetic Procedures with proven results. We use the Apilus Platinum Electrolysis Machine - the most advanced technology in permanent hair removal.
© 2011 - 2018 Elmes Skincare Clinic, 3rd Floor, 65 Mary St, Corner of Capel Street, Dublin 1, D01 P7F8. All rights reserved.
I very much encourage others to take these articles and spread them wherever they can. The more eyeballs that see them the more of an impact they will have.
So please feel free to use these articles. I want them to be distributed as far and as wide as possible.
When you republish one of the articles on the site, if you could please include a direct link back to the original article that would be greatly appreciated.
Please do not hesitate to spread these articles wherever you would like. I want as many people as possible to read them. Hopefully these articles are helping a few more people to wake up.
All content that you write here remains your property. Be sure you understand rule #6 in the long form rules below.
The content on this site is provided as general information only, and is to be considered commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. The ideas expressed on this site are solely the opinions of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent the opinions of sponsors or firms affiliated with the author(s). The author may or may not have a financial interest in any company or advertiser referenced. Any action taken as a result of information, analysis, or advertisement on this site is ultimately the responsibility of the reader. Usage of this site is subject to the rules below.
This site may contain copyrighted material the use of which in some cases has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. Such material is made available for the purposes of news reporting, education, research, comment, and criticism, which constitutes a ‘fair use’ of such copyrighted material in accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond ‘fair use’, you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. It is our policy to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (found at the U.S. Copyright Office) and other applicable intellectual property laws. It is our policy to remove material from public view that we believe in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our members or users.
Spell check and grammar check your work before posting, and refrain from excessive use of CAPITAL LETTERS
Do not post the ENTIRE text of articles from other sites, unless you have explicit permission to do so.
Do not engage in flame wars, personal attacks on other members, incite or encourage violence, post spam or advertisements.
de oppresso liber has been around since around March 6th, 2012. There have been many things that have existed at this domain throughout the years, but they are unrelated to what this site is now.
The purpose of this site is simple: to liberate your mind. The word “conspiracy” has many negative connotations, but recently many people have realized that a conspiracy is not necessarily so conspiracy-ish (if you can make sense of that). The “main stream” media covers some things, but not others.
What I’m attempting to do here is to present some of the news that you won’t find from mainstream sources. Additionally, I present libertarian ideals and principles, and frame my commentary around that. This site will thus remain in existence as long as there is a need for it, and as long as there are supporters willing to help keep it going.
This website is my private property. Participating here is a privilege, not a right. Understanding the difference between these concepts is fundamental to understanding the message of freedom and liberty.
I welcome freedom lovers and students of Liberty everywhere! Anyone is initially granted the privilege (but not the right) to read and post to this site.
By posting on this site, you become a representative of this site. Please keep that in mind while you are drafting your post. Anything deemed as negative representation will be removed, and your posting privileges may be revoked.
Use proper spelling and grammar. Most modern browsers have built-in spell checking. If you are using IE, please draft your post in an editor that has spell checking (such as Microsoft Word, or OpenOffice) and then paste the content into the post editor.
Do not infringe on anybody’s copyright! If you get permission to repost an article, be sure you have permission to post it on this site. If informed of copyright violation, I will have no choice but to remove the infringing content, with posting privileges removed from those who have a history of violations.
Keep discussions civil and polite. Engaging in flame wars or personal attacks on other members, racist or sexist remarks, posting obscene materials, inciting or encouraging violent or illegal acts, posting spam, promote your website or event, and blatant advertising are prohibited.
Understand that I prefer the content on this site to be licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License. If you have explicit permission to cross-post an article from another website here, please place a copyright notice on the article, as required by the original creator of the content. If you post an article you have written entirely on your own, you are free to copyright it as your own, and I encourage you to make it available under the above license (you are free, of course, to decline, however you grant a license to de oppresso liber to publish this content).
GOP Congressman Investigates Undisclosed Gold Market Intervention by China and the Exchange Stabilization Fund July 31, 2018
Congressman Criticizes U.S. Mint for “Disappointing and Concerning” Inaction on Counterfeit Precious Metals Coins March 12, 2018
de oppresso liber (@to_liberate) on Silver Spikes to 22 Month High, Driven By “Heightened Volatility, Lingering Uncertainty”
The content on this site is provided as general information only, and is to be considered commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. The ideas expressed on this site are solely the opinions of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent the opinions of sponsors or firms affiliated with the author(s). The author may or may not have a financial interest in any company or advertiser referenced. Any action taken as a result of information, analysis, or advertisement on this site is ultimately the responsibility of the reader. Usage of this site is subject to the Usage & Rules.
FAIR USE NOTICE This site may contain copyrighted material the use of which in some cases has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. Such material is made available for the purposes of news reporting, education, research, comment, and criticism, which constitutes a 'fair use' of such copyrighted material in accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. It is our policy to respond to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (found at the U.S. Copyright Office) and other applicable intellectual property laws. It is our policy to remove material from public view that we believe in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our members or users.
Website design and layout is copyright © 2011-2018 by Aaron J. Graves | Proudly designed and hosted by MyUnixHost.com
ninja blender healthy recipes this that fresh tomato salsa recipe have made this once and nutri ninja blender juice recipes.
Tagged alcoholic blended drink recipes vodka, best healthy blender drink recipes, blender drink recipe book, blender drink recipes for weight loss, blender drink recipes healthy, blender drink recipes uk, blender drink recipes with alcohol, cocktails smoothies drink recipes, easy healthy blender drink recipes, green drink smoothies recipes Leave a comment/
              State Historical Socicl TL J. ..hj Sun Volume 30 CAMERON, CLINTON COUNTY, MISSOURI, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1916. Number 40 CORY SHOW A SUCCESS Tlie Coin Exhibit Was Exceptionally Fine Many Roys Are Much Interested in the I'roject The annual corn show put on .by the Community Corn Club last Saturday at the Y. M. C. A. rooms was fine from start to finish. The corn that was put on display was some of the best ever put ou exhibition in Cameron. The interest was good. Forty boys out of the 100 brought in their corn for display. Judging from the experience of the State this is a very large percentage. We were informed by one of the men representing the state that in most cases but 25 per cent of the boys who enter the club bring in their corn for the show. The farmers who saw the exhibition Saturday said that it was first-class in every respect. Some have promised that they were going to- get back of the project next year i and make it one of the biggest events of the year for Cameron. Just to show you how the fathers of these boys are getting back of them we want to say this. One of the fathers after seeing a ribbon on hiB boy's corn, handed hi3 boy five dollars to encourage his boy and to show the pride he had in him. The following boys were the prize winners: On the 10 ear entry Loren Potter, first; Harry Hutton, second; Elmejj Hutton. . third ; Wilbur ""Wil-hoit, fourth; Perry Hutton, fifth; jred Sloan, Harold Quell, Carrol Wamsley, Ed Smith and Edgar Whittakcr each winning a $1 prize. On the bushel entry, Loren Potter, first; Carrol Graham, second; Harry Hutton, third. On the ear entry, Loren Potter, first; Perry Hutton, second, and Bayard Parker third. The local Young Men's Christian Association, which organized this club of boys, wants to thank every boy and their parents for the interest, in the work. This means every boy in the club. Three clubs have been organized for next year and we hope to see bigger results for the coming year. C. JAMES J. McANAW GOOD FELLOWS CI.UR The membership of the Gnod Fellows Club, which was recently organized in Cameron, is growing rapidly. It is the purpose of the club to look after the worthy needy of Cameron. A membership fee of $2 is charged so that the club will have fluids on hand to properly look after worthy cases, without being compelled to go out and take up a collection. This is a splendid way in which to look after the worthy needy and every one in town should become a member of the Good Fel lows Club. Its purposes are strictly humanitarian. PART INSURANCE RECEIVED The Springfield Fire and Marine Insurance Company has sent a check for $2000 to the M. W. C. being the face value of a policy which the college carried on the building recently destroyed Jy fire. The total insurance was $40,000, which no doubt will be paid promptly by the companies which carried the same. of FARM FOR RENT 80 acres, 3 miles northwest Kidder. Good improvements. FRANK S. VOBS, Route 5. Cameron, Mo. Do Your Christmas Shopping EARLY ' i i tit rinrm-A i II i&v'. Si ft iaM c.f j, i I urn MM lit 'mm v. a mmm 1 irS l MM I wmrnm TV. t "M'f l .ft JC a 'uirl ii .' ' Copyright 1916 Tb Uoum of Kunnhhwr We have gifts here suitable for father, son, husband and brother. You want your giving to be practical this year, why not give something serviceable in the furnishing line? We have the largest and prettiest selection of gifts that we have ever had. A beautiful range of ties, mufflers, soxs and shirts. Many, many presents are to be had here at 50c, 75c and $1.00. Surprise your son by giving him a suit or V an overcoat. J Dillener Clothing Co. Shop Early- Cameron Missouri ' The Knights of Columbus Adopt Appropriate Resolutions in Rehalf of Their Derensed .Member St. Munchin's Council No. 1110, Knights of Columbus, at its -last regular meeting drafted the follow ing set of resolutions on the death of Brother James J. McAnaw. Whereas, it has pleased an all wise Providence, to call unto Himself, one whose life was exemplary in the practice of every Christian virtue, a model husband, father, brother, and friend, an enthusiastic worker for the principles of the Knights of Columbus, whose truly practical Catholic Unmade him one of God's noblemen, to be respected by all" and his friendship cherished. Be it resolved, that we, his brothers of St. Munchin's Council No. 11 10, Knights of Columbus, bow in humble submission "to the holy will of God, and accept with resignation the loss sustained. Resolved, that we offer our sym pathy and brotherly love to the family of our deceased brother. And be it also resolved that we keep his memory ever fresh in our minds by causing this set of resolu tions to be spread on the minutes of our organization, and the charter be draped in mourning for a period of one month. And be it further resolved that a copy of these resolutions be furnish ed the bereaved family, also published in the daily and weekly papers of Cameron. , REV. R. J. CULLEN, MR. PETER J. MALLEN, MR. CHARLES MURRAY, Committee on Resolutions. u XEFF VICE PRESIDENT The meeting of the State Motor and Good Roads Association was held at Sedalia last week and was a most interesting session. John T. Wyckoff was a delegate from Cam eron and was much enthused over the meeting. He believes that the association will wield a great influence in shaping the proper road legislation and securing the preliminary steps toward a system of hard surface highways. V. R. Neff of Cameron was elected vice president for the Third Congressional district and also a member of the executive conrhuttee of the state association. Mr. Neff is a level headed business man, a good roads advocate and we are sure that he will prove to be the right man in the right place. IN HONOR OF MISS NEW BY Misses Ethel Stewart and. Vinita Trice entertained with a miscellaneous shower at the home of Mr. mni Mrs. Chas. Newby, 708 West Third street, Saturday afternoon in honor of Miss Golda, the bride-to-be.. The afternoon was spent in conversation, games and music. A two course luncheon was served by Mesdames Stewart and Newby. The dining room was tastefully decorated in hearts and bells, the color scheme being red and white.. Miss Golda was blind-folded, and seated in a chair where many useful and beautiful preseuta were showered upon her. The guests were then invited to- take a peep at the hope box, which was. a most beautiful sight. - . CAMERON ROYS HONORED The committee on intercollegiate athletics of the Missouri University met last week and awarded IK Ms. to the football players. Frank Mc-Anaw of Cameron received one of the Varsity Ms., as did also William Collins of Lathrop. Freshman numerals and sweaters were awarded to Leo McAnaw of Cameron, Gerald Cross of Lathrop, Herschcl Collins of Lathrop and Robert D.. Stone of Bethany. John McAnaw of Cameron and Stanley Androws of Barnard received freshman numerals for work on the firet year scrub team. , DISPOSED OF RESIDENCE A deal was recently consumated whereby J. C. Calder became the owner of 160 acres of Improved land near Lobo, Kas., and Lou Clouse, residing 3 miles northwest of Os-born becomes the owner of J. C. Calder's residence property on East Fourth street. Mr. and Mrs. Calder have been residing In Kansas City for the past several months, and now that they have sold their residence In Cameron it Is probable that they will move to Kansas City. Mr, Clouse Is considering moving to Cameron. His wife Is a sister of Mrs. C. T. Walker. WANT HOME CHRISTMAS MONEY? The Sun will give $5 in gold to those who Bond us ten new subscribers by Christmas day. Try It and seo how easy It will bo. If you mako an effort and do not secure the ton we will allow you 60c for each new subscriber you secure, provided there are two or more. Get busy at once. HAMILTON WON A pick-up team went over to Hamilton Friday night and played the basket bait team of that city. Hamilton won. FARMS SOLD A deal was recently consumated whereby Frank Stephenson traded his farm of 173 acres, located southwest of Cameron, to F. O. Wilson for a fine 280 acre farm located within a mile of Garnett, Kansas. Mr. Stephenson and family expect to move to their new farm .some time in the near future. The many friends hereabouts of Mr. Stephenson and family are indeed sorry to learn of their, departure, but all wish them success in their new home. Mr. Wilson and family expect to move to Cameron and occupy his farm. He has also purchased 160 acreB from Ed Beechner, which ad joins the farm he purchased from Mr. Stephenson. PETIT JURORS SELECTED The following petit jurors have been ; selected for the January term of the Clinton county circuit court: Shoal Ira Whltaker, J. B. Rus sell, R. W. Amnion, Geo. Umstott. Jackson W. S. Hulen, Elmer Parsons. - Clinton J. B. Lee, J. W. Wilker son. Hardin H. S. Calvert, Jasper Faddis. Plr.Ue D. B. Cook, S. S. Porter Lafayette T. L. Kennedy, T. A Hawkins, Will R. Wilkerson. Concord Geo. C. Bryan. E. A Baker, John Reardon, G. L. Gordon Lathrop B. H. Gerhart. C. C. Carver, J. W. Burr. AtMiison John Smith, G. T. Ellington. GOOD ROADS MEETING J. T. Wyckoff Renders Interesting Report on State Convention HeM at Sedalia Last Week The meeting of the Motor club and good roads association in the council rooms on Monday night was unusually interesting. However, the attendance was. not as large as it should have been, and hereafter we hope to see more of the citizens present at the club meetings. John T. Wyckoff, who attended the state cenvention at Sedalia last week, delivered a most interesting report of the meeting and explainel the aims and desires of the state as sociation, especially for better road laws, which of course means better highways. Mr. Wyckoffs talk should have been heard by everyone who desires to see our community pro gressive and abreast of the times. R. O. Plxlee, A. J. Althouse, J. T. Wyckoff and E. T. Harris were named a, -committee to prepare a constitution and by-laws for the local club, the same to harmonize with the constitution and by-laws of the state club. The election of permanent officers was continued to a later date. ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE Notice Is hereby given that the uudersigned, Kinney Cramer, administrator of the estate of Jane A. Cramer, deceased, will on the 23rd day of December, 1016, at the hour of two o'clock in the afternoon, sell at public sale for cash at the residence at 60S 'West Fifth street in the city of Cameron, the personal goods and chattels belonging to the estate of the deceased, consisting of household and kitchen furniture, stoves, carpets, beds and bedding, books, .dishes, invalid chair, and other articles too numerous to mention. KINNEY CRAMER, Administrator. Dated December 9, 1916. ON ALL KTATK TEAMS The all-Missouri conference football team as selected by the coaches and officials In this year's games was published Saturday. M. W. C. of this city secured three positions on the first two teams. Claire Eber-hart was selected for end on the first team, while Metz. fullback, and Hopkins, tackle, were placed upon the second , team. There was little difference between the first and second teams. Considering the many obstacles which M. W. C. had to overcome this year its team made a wonderful showing In theConference. WENT TO FACTORY John S. Moore departed Monday for Kajisas City, where he joined about 600 agents for the Overland auto and went to Toledo, Ohio, to visit the factory, where they will be the guests of President John Willys. The trip will bo mndo on special trains. Tho trip la made for the purpose of the agents becoming bettor acquainted with the production of tho Overland factories. SOCIAL AT SCHOOL A box, pie and bon-bon social will be held Friday night, Dec. 22, at Little Brick school house, just north of CBtnoron. An Interesting program Is being prepared by the pupils. All are cordially Invited. e NEW THEATRE OPENED The new opera house opposite the postoffice was opened to the public Monday night with a splendid five reel production, "The Juggarnaut." Manager Jarboe intends to secure the very best picture programs upon the market and occasionally there will be vaudeville acts and theatre companies. The new opera house presents a most inviting appearance. It is well lighted, ventilated and has all modern equipment. There are 500 opera seats, which are most comfortable. No doubt the new theatre will be quite popular with the public. F. Lee Sheppy, 172.. N. Halsted street, Chicago, 111., Geueral Salea Manager of the largest concern of its kind in the world, wants three or four men in Clinton County and several men in adjoining counties, to work for him spare time or all the time. . He can use only those who have a rig or auto. Work la very pleasant and no previous sell-, ing experience is necessary. Work consists of leaving wonderful new household necessity in the homes oa free trial. Tests at more thaa thirty of the leading Universities and the Government Bureau of Standards show this new article to be four times as efficient as an article now in general use in this section. Article Is needed in every rural home and benefits every member of the household, bringing cheer, comfort and happiness into the home. Not necessary to bo away from home nights. Pay from $6 to $15 per day according to ability and number of homes visited. In writing Mr. Sheppy.mention what townships will bo most convenient for you to work in; what your regular occupation is; your age; married or single; how long you havo lived in the community; what hint of a rig or auto you have; whether you wisn to work spare time or steady; how much time you will have to devote to the work; when you can start, and about how many homes are within six miles of yon in each direction. This is a splendid opportunity for several juen. Clinton counties and adjoining to make good money.working steady or spare time. Some of the fleM men earn $300 per month; ono farmer earned $1,000 working sparo time only. No investment or bond, necessary? HIT FOR THE SOUTH It was reported that Klrby Pres ton, the young man who broke out of the city jail about 12:30 last Wednesday, was seen about ten miles south of Cameron during the afternoon, and he was still going south. Young Preston was charged with stealing an overcoat from an auto on West Third street. Marshal O'Neal recovered the overcoat and Preston will no doubt stay clear of Cameron in the future which is about the easiest way for the case to be settled. PUBLIC SALE Frank Stephenson will hold a public sale at his farm, 4 miles southwest of Cameron, on Tuesday, Dec. 19. He will sell 12 head of horses. 18 head of cattle, 20 head of hogs. feed, farming Implements, etc. See his ad in this issue for a list of the (ale. CLVB ENTERTAINED AT DINNER The ladies of the Wednesday Reading Club were entertained Tuesday at noon with a family dinner by Mesdames R. O.' Pixlee and Clarence Staples at the homo of the former. The ladles took along their sewing and spent the afternoon In conversation and making fancy Rtitches on Christmas presents. DIED I OHIO V Mrs. Charles Stucker died Sn.idAy afternoon at her home in Fredericksburg, Ohio. Deceased was tn wife of the youngest brother of Abram Stucker of this city. Sho visited in Cameron about three yearn ago. during which time she fell dow a stairs and broke her arm. Mr. Stucker visited In Cameron last fall and he-was here again in February to attend the funeral of his brother. Oscar Stucker. KILLED JACK RABBIT Earl. Glen and Merle King ; and Ruby Wiss were out hunting near the city reservoir Saturday and succeeded in killing a large jack ra-bit. Very few jack rabbits are seea in this country and as a consequeneo the boys are much elated over capturing this one. . FRIENDLY FELIOWS MET J. C. Dillener was host Monday night to the Friendly Fellows Clua. Prof. F. W. Clelland read a second pnper on Robert Burns, which was especially fine. Following the regular club program,- delectable refreshments were served. TAFFY PI LL The high school seniors, chaperoned by tho faculty, enjoyed a tarty pull Friday niglft at the high school building. They do say that some of those present got awfully "stueJi up." Study Food Valises Food provided for the family table deserves the careful thought of every housewife. Do you use thought when buying baking powder? The quality of cake, biscuits and all quickly raised flour foods depends largely upon the kind of baking powder used. Dr. Price's Cream Baking Powder is made from cream of tartar derived from grapes. It is absolutely pure and has proved its excellence for making fotxl of finest quality and wholesomeness for generations. There is no alum nor phosphate in DR. PRICE'S CREAM BAKING POWDER MADE I ROM CREAM OF TARTAR DERIVED FROM CRAPES 31 . I
Transcript State Historical Socicl TL J. ..hj Sun Volume 30 CAMERON, CLINTON COUNTY, MISSOURI, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1916. Number 40 CORY SHOW A SUCCESS Tlie Coin Exhibit Was Exceptionally Fine Many Roys Are Much Interested in the I'roject The annual corn show put on .by the Community Corn Club last Saturday at the Y. M. C. A. rooms was fine from start to finish. The corn that was put on display was some of the best ever put ou exhibition in Cameron. The interest was good. Forty boys out of the 100 brought in their corn for display. Judging from the experience of the State this is a very large percentage. We were informed by one of the men representing the state that in most cases but 25 per cent of the boys who enter the club bring in their corn for the show. The farmers who saw the exhibition Saturday said that it was first-class in every respect. Some have promised that they were going to- get back of the project next year i and make it one of the biggest events of the year for Cameron. Just to show you how the fathers of these boys are getting back of them we want to say this. One of the fathers after seeing a ribbon on hiB boy's corn, handed hi3 boy five dollars to encourage his boy and to show the pride he had in him. The following boys were the prize winners: On the 10 ear entry Loren Potter, first; Harry Hutton, second; Elmejj Hutton. . third ; Wilbur ""Wil-hoit, fourth; Perry Hutton, fifth; jred Sloan, Harold Quell, Carrol Wamsley, Ed Smith and Edgar Whittakcr each winning a $1 prize. On the bushel entry, Loren Potter, first; Carrol Graham, second; Harry Hutton, third. On the ear entry, Loren Potter, first; Perry Hutton, second, and Bayard Parker third. The local Young Men's Christian Association, which organized this club of boys, wants to thank every boy and their parents for the interest, in the work. This means every boy in the club. Three clubs have been organized for next year and we hope to see bigger results for the coming year. C. JAMES J. McANAW GOOD FELLOWS CI.UR The membership of the Gnod Fellows Club, which was recently organized in Cameron, is growing rapidly. It is the purpose of the club to look after the worthy needy of Cameron. A membership fee of $2 is charged so that the club will have fluids on hand to properly look after worthy cases, without being compelled to go out and take up a collection. This is a splendid way in which to look after the worthy needy and every one in town should become a member of the Good Fel lows Club. Its purposes are strictly humanitarian. PART INSURANCE RECEIVED The Springfield Fire and Marine Insurance Company has sent a check for $2000 to the M. W. C. being the face value of a policy which the college carried on the building recently destroyed Jy fire. The total insurance was $40,000, which no doubt will be paid promptly by the companies which carried the same. of FARM FOR RENT 80 acres, 3 miles northwest Kidder. Good improvements. FRANK S. VOBS, Route 5. Cameron, Mo. Do Your Christmas Shopping EARLY ' i i tit rinrm-A i II i&v'. Si ft iaM c.f j, i I urn MM lit 'mm v. a mmm 1 irS l MM I wmrnm TV. t "M'f l .ft JC a 'uirl ii .' ' Copyright 1916 Tb Uoum of Kunnhhwr We have gifts here suitable for father, son, husband and brother. You want your giving to be practical this year, why not give something serviceable in the furnishing line? We have the largest and prettiest selection of gifts that we have ever had. A beautiful range of ties, mufflers, soxs and shirts. Many, many presents are to be had here at 50c, 75c and $1.00. Surprise your son by giving him a suit or V an overcoat. J Dillener Clothing Co. Shop Early- Cameron Missouri ' The Knights of Columbus Adopt Appropriate Resolutions in Rehalf of Their Derensed .Member St. Munchin's Council No. 1110, Knights of Columbus, at its -last regular meeting drafted the follow ing set of resolutions on the death of Brother James J. McAnaw. Whereas, it has pleased an all wise Providence, to call unto Himself, one whose life was exemplary in the practice of every Christian virtue, a model husband, father, brother, and friend, an enthusiastic worker for the principles of the Knights of Columbus, whose truly practical Catholic Unmade him one of God's noblemen, to be respected by all" and his friendship cherished. Be it resolved, that we, his brothers of St. Munchin's Council No. 11 10, Knights of Columbus, bow in humble submission "to the holy will of God, and accept with resignation the loss sustained. Resolved, that we offer our sym pathy and brotherly love to the family of our deceased brother. And be it also resolved that we keep his memory ever fresh in our minds by causing this set of resolu tions to be spread on the minutes of our organization, and the charter be draped in mourning for a period of one month. And be it further resolved that a copy of these resolutions be furnish ed the bereaved family, also published in the daily and weekly papers of Cameron. , REV. R. J. CULLEN, MR. PETER J. MALLEN, MR. CHARLES MURRAY, Committee on Resolutions. u XEFF VICE PRESIDENT The meeting of the State Motor and Good Roads Association was held at Sedalia last week and was a most interesting session. John T. Wyckoff was a delegate from Cam eron and was much enthused over the meeting. He believes that the association will wield a great influence in shaping the proper road legislation and securing the preliminary steps toward a system of hard surface highways. V. R. Neff of Cameron was elected vice president for the Third Congressional district and also a member of the executive conrhuttee of the state association. Mr. Neff is a level headed business man, a good roads advocate and we are sure that he will prove to be the right man in the right place. IN HONOR OF MISS NEW BY Misses Ethel Stewart and. Vinita Trice entertained with a miscellaneous shower at the home of Mr. mni Mrs. Chas. Newby, 708 West Third street, Saturday afternoon in honor of Miss Golda, the bride-to-be.. The afternoon was spent in conversation, games and music. A two course luncheon was served by Mesdames Stewart and Newby. The dining room was tastefully decorated in hearts and bells, the color scheme being red and white.. Miss Golda was blind-folded, and seated in a chair where many useful and beautiful preseuta were showered upon her. The guests were then invited to- take a peep at the hope box, which was. a most beautiful sight. - . CAMERON ROYS HONORED The committee on intercollegiate athletics of the Missouri University met last week and awarded IK Ms. to the football players. Frank Mc-Anaw of Cameron received one of the Varsity Ms., as did also William Collins of Lathrop. Freshman numerals and sweaters were awarded to Leo McAnaw of Cameron, Gerald Cross of Lathrop, Herschcl Collins of Lathrop and Robert D.. Stone of Bethany. John McAnaw of Cameron and Stanley Androws of Barnard received freshman numerals for work on the firet year scrub team. , DISPOSED OF RESIDENCE A deal was recently consumated whereby J. C. Calder became the owner of 160 acres of Improved land near Lobo, Kas., and Lou Clouse, residing 3 miles northwest of Os-born becomes the owner of J. C. Calder's residence property on East Fourth street. Mr. and Mrs. Calder have been residing In Kansas City for the past several months, and now that they have sold their residence In Cameron it Is probable that they will move to Kansas City. Mr, Clouse Is considering moving to Cameron. His wife Is a sister of Mrs. C. T. Walker. WANT HOME CHRISTMAS MONEY? The Sun will give $5 in gold to those who Bond us ten new subscribers by Christmas day. Try It and seo how easy It will bo. If you mako an effort and do not secure the ton we will allow you 60c for each new subscriber you secure, provided there are two or more. Get busy at once. HAMILTON WON A pick-up team went over to Hamilton Friday night and played the basket bait team of that city. Hamilton won. FARMS SOLD A deal was recently consumated whereby Frank Stephenson traded his farm of 173 acres, located southwest of Cameron, to F. O. Wilson for a fine 280 acre farm located within a mile of Garnett, Kansas. Mr. Stephenson and family expect to move to their new farm .some time in the near future. The many friends hereabouts of Mr. Stephenson and family are indeed sorry to learn of their, departure, but all wish them success in their new home. Mr. Wilson and family expect to move to Cameron and occupy his farm. He has also purchased 160 acreB from Ed Beechner, which ad joins the farm he purchased from Mr. Stephenson. PETIT JURORS SELECTED The following petit jurors have been ; selected for the January term of the Clinton county circuit court: Shoal Ira Whltaker, J. B. Rus sell, R. W. Amnion, Geo. Umstott. Jackson W. S. Hulen, Elmer Parsons. - Clinton J. B. Lee, J. W. Wilker son. Hardin H. S. Calvert, Jasper Faddis. Plr.Ue D. B. Cook, S. S. Porter Lafayette T. L. Kennedy, T. A Hawkins, Will R. Wilkerson. Concord Geo. C. Bryan. E. A Baker, John Reardon, G. L. Gordon Lathrop B. H. Gerhart. C. C. Carver, J. W. Burr. AtMiison John Smith, G. T. Ellington. GOOD ROADS MEETING J. T. Wyckoff Renders Interesting Report on State Convention HeM at Sedalia Last Week The meeting of the Motor club and good roads association in the council rooms on Monday night was unusually interesting. However, the attendance was. not as large as it should have been, and hereafter we hope to see more of the citizens present at the club meetings. John T. Wyckoff, who attended the state cenvention at Sedalia last week, delivered a most interesting report of the meeting and explainel the aims and desires of the state as sociation, especially for better road laws, which of course means better highways. Mr. Wyckoffs talk should have been heard by everyone who desires to see our community pro gressive and abreast of the times. R. O. Plxlee, A. J. Althouse, J. T. Wyckoff and E. T. Harris were named a, -committee to prepare a constitution and by-laws for the local club, the same to harmonize with the constitution and by-laws of the state club. The election of permanent officers was continued to a later date. ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE Notice Is hereby given that the uudersigned, Kinney Cramer, administrator of the estate of Jane A. Cramer, deceased, will on the 23rd day of December, 1016, at the hour of two o'clock in the afternoon, sell at public sale for cash at the residence at 60S 'West Fifth street in the city of Cameron, the personal goods and chattels belonging to the estate of the deceased, consisting of household and kitchen furniture, stoves, carpets, beds and bedding, books, .dishes, invalid chair, and other articles too numerous to mention. KINNEY CRAMER, Administrator. Dated December 9, 1916. ON ALL KTATK TEAMS The all-Missouri conference football team as selected by the coaches and officials In this year's games was published Saturday. M. W. C. of this city secured three positions on the first two teams. Claire Eber-hart was selected for end on the first team, while Metz. fullback, and Hopkins, tackle, were placed upon the second , team. There was little difference between the first and second teams. Considering the many obstacles which M. W. C. had to overcome this year its team made a wonderful showing In theConference. WENT TO FACTORY John S. Moore departed Monday for Kajisas City, where he joined about 600 agents for the Overland auto and went to Toledo, Ohio, to visit the factory, where they will be the guests of President John Willys. The trip will bo mndo on special trains. Tho trip la made for the purpose of the agents becoming bettor acquainted with the production of tho Overland factories. SOCIAL AT SCHOOL A box, pie and bon-bon social will be held Friday night, Dec. 22, at Little Brick school house, just north of CBtnoron. An Interesting program Is being prepared by the pupils. All are cordially Invited. e NEW THEATRE OPENED The new opera house opposite the postoffice was opened to the public Monday night with a splendid five reel production, "The Juggarnaut." Manager Jarboe intends to secure the very best picture programs upon the market and occasionally there will be vaudeville acts and theatre companies. The new opera house presents a most inviting appearance. It is well lighted, ventilated and has all modern equipment. There are 500 opera seats, which are most comfortable. No doubt the new theatre will be quite popular with the public. F. Lee Sheppy, 172.. N. Halsted street, Chicago, 111., Geueral Salea Manager of the largest concern of its kind in the world, wants three or four men in Clinton County and several men in adjoining counties, to work for him spare time or all the time. . He can use only those who have a rig or auto. Work la very pleasant and no previous sell-, ing experience is necessary. Work consists of leaving wonderful new household necessity in the homes oa free trial. Tests at more thaa thirty of the leading Universities and the Government Bureau of Standards show this new article to be four times as efficient as an article now in general use in this section. Article Is needed in every rural home and benefits every member of the household, bringing cheer, comfort and happiness into the home. Not necessary to bo away from home nights. Pay from $6 to $15 per day according to ability and number of homes visited. In writing Mr. Sheppy.mention what townships will bo most convenient for you to work in; what your regular occupation is; your age; married or single; how long you havo lived in the community; what hint of a rig or auto you have; whether you wisn to work spare time or steady; how much time you will have to devote to the work; when you can start, and about how many homes are within six miles of yon in each direction. This is a splendid opportunity for several juen. Clinton counties and adjoining to make good money.working steady or spare time. Some of the fleM men earn $300 per month; ono farmer earned $1,000 working sparo time only. No investment or bond, necessary? HIT FOR THE SOUTH It was reported that Klrby Pres ton, the young man who broke out of the city jail about 12:30 last Wednesday, was seen about ten miles south of Cameron during the afternoon, and he was still going south. Young Preston was charged with stealing an overcoat from an auto on West Third street. Marshal O'Neal recovered the overcoat and Preston will no doubt stay clear of Cameron in the future which is about the easiest way for the case to be settled. PUBLIC SALE Frank Stephenson will hold a public sale at his farm, 4 miles southwest of Cameron, on Tuesday, Dec. 19. He will sell 12 head of horses. 18 head of cattle, 20 head of hogs. feed, farming Implements, etc. See his ad in this issue for a list of the (ale. CLVB ENTERTAINED AT DINNER The ladies of the Wednesday Reading Club were entertained Tuesday at noon with a family dinner by Mesdames R. O.' Pixlee and Clarence Staples at the homo of the former. The ladles took along their sewing and spent the afternoon In conversation and making fancy Rtitches on Christmas presents. DIED I OHIO V Mrs. Charles Stucker died Sn.idAy afternoon at her home in Fredericksburg, Ohio. Deceased was tn wife of the youngest brother of Abram Stucker of this city. Sho visited in Cameron about three yearn ago. during which time she fell dow a stairs and broke her arm. Mr. Stucker visited In Cameron last fall and he-was here again in February to attend the funeral of his brother. Oscar Stucker. KILLED JACK RABBIT Earl. Glen and Merle King ; and Ruby Wiss were out hunting near the city reservoir Saturday and succeeded in killing a large jack ra-bit. Very few jack rabbits are seea in this country and as a consequeneo the boys are much elated over capturing this one. . FRIENDLY FELIOWS MET J. C. Dillener was host Monday night to the Friendly Fellows Clua. Prof. F. W. Clelland read a second pnper on Robert Burns, which was especially fine. Following the regular club program,- delectable refreshments were served. TAFFY PI LL The high school seniors, chaperoned by tho faculty, enjoyed a tarty pull Friday niglft at the high school building. They do say that some of those present got awfully "stueJi up." Study Food Valises Food provided for the family table deserves the careful thought of every housewife. Do you use thought when buying baking powder? The quality of cake, biscuits and all quickly raised flour foods depends largely upon the kind of baking powder used. Dr. Price's Cream Baking Powder is made from cream of tartar derived from grapes. It is absolutely pure and has proved its excellence for making fotxl of finest quality and wholesomeness for generations. There is no alum nor phosphate in DR. PRICE'S CREAM BAKING POWDER MADE I ROM CREAM OF TARTAR DERIVED FROM CRAPES 31 . I
The Toy Book is one of the most unique leading trade magazine in the business of toys and strictly toys. Written for toy store owners, business consultants, KIDS, and parents of those needy kids, every new and fun toy coming out is included in the magazine.
The magazine is mainly for toy retailers, and those needing help within the market place. For anyone involved in the toy industry, these issues are essential. The new format keeps readers attention and has brought a wider view of marketers to the company. The toy magazine shows all the hot and popular toys along with the advise on how to mass produce and sell it. Information about key business leaders in the industry’s contact information is issued within the editors picks. This is a must read for anyone to whom it concerns.
is the president of Adventure Publishing Group. She is the co publisher for Toy Insider as well as a Toy Insider mom. She contributes commentaries and very useful content for the Toy Book Publication. She has brought some of the best toys into the company to flourish. She knows everything there is to know about toys and the toy industry itself. Featured on live television broadcast, videos, magazines, and the web, she is highly respected in the nature of toys and assures Adventure Publishing Group the best and only the best brands.
Jonathan Samet is currently working as the group publisher for The Toy Book and co-publisher for The Toy Insider. He is pronounced as a veteran in the toy industry and is an expert. His experience in the company has gained him the respect and honor that he has today.
Jackie Breyer is the editorial director for The Toy Book. She also edits and publishes content for The Licensing Book, and The Toy Insider. She writes endless articles and publishings on new and inspiring toys. Her work is honest and entertaining to read.
Christine Duhaime is the associate editor for Adventure Publishing Group. Her articles and publications are fun and creative for whichever magazine she is writing for. Her expertise shows through her skilled work at the company.
Deanna Atkins works as the editorial assistant for the magazine, and she helps lead the top trading magazines. She spends her time writing for the company and reviewing toys and kids CD’s.
Featured here today is a case study of the rebranding for Webmail and messaging company Atmail. With over 4,500 clients and almost ten years in business, the previous design felt outgrown and outdated. And after having worked with us on designing custom icons for their webmail user interface, Atmail requested us to take a long hard look at their branding, and come up with a plan to reinvigorate it! That we did!
From the outset of the project we focused on how we could incorporate the already established brand equity of the at-symbol, into a unique and easily recognizable design. The at-symbol has the obvious connection with an email address, and so the client specified the need to retain that element. The goal was to find a design that would allow the observer to make the mental connection with email and communication, without relying on the at-symbol any more. As a side effect, it also caused a lot of confusion on what the proper name of the company was: @mail or Atmail?
In the concepts that are displayed here you can easily tell that we set out to find a pleasing way of combining both letters into one letter shape. The earliest concept show a rather awkward execution of that, but when we reached the center concept, there was that spark! Drawing on the loop that encircles the letter a, we drew up a similar looking design, this time integrating the letter t, into the loop. And doing it in a way that makes sure the name is spelled correctly. This concept really hit home with the client, only wanting to see some alternative for the typeface that was chosen.
As soon as the client decided on the concept featuring the typeface Neo Tech, we moved on to implementing the design in the standard branding pieces, like envelopes, business cards and letterhead. Featured here are the latter two. The bright blue has been broken up with transparent instances of the rounded rectangular shape, to create an interesting visual stimulant. Altogether, this project was a great success for both us and the client. We were able to update and align the brand with what Atmail is all about: providing next-generation communication technology to over 16 million users.
Special Thanks to Marc Roman, Identity Strategist, Eighty8Four, for taking the Creative Lead on this project.
Make sure you enter all the required information, indicated by an asterisk (*). HTML code is not allowed.
03.01.2006 Allergy - March 03, 2006 - March 08, 2006 62nd Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology Miami, FL, United States
02.01.2006 Pulmonology- January 30, 2006 - February 01, 2006 42nd Annual Meeting of The Society of Thoracic Surgeons New Orleans, LA, United States
25.12.2005 We are most happy and honoured to invite you to the 9th Annual Congress of Turkish Thoracic Society (TTS), the largest congress in pulmonary medicine in Turkey. The congress will take place in Sungate Port Royal Hotel located in Beldibi region of Kemer in Antalya between April, 19-23, 2006.
Writing sample of essay on given topic teenagers of today teenagers of today (essay/paper sample) both mainstream and social media, as well as exposure to . Informative essay: an unpopular stance on file are especially problems essay on lgbt students show jul 20, types of social problem of hiv/aids among the last few why is facebook and young adults hold teenagers and ten social networking's good, among police officers is a. Below is an essay on social problems of teenagers from anti essays, your source for research papers, essays, and term paper examples there are many social problems that teenagers go through the most recognized problems are teenage drinking and driving, and teen suicide.
100% free papers on social problem teenagers essays sample topics, paragraph introduction help, research & more class 1-12, high school & college - - page 11. What is the first thought that comes to mind when i say the word teenagers is it that we’re responsible, smart, high achieving no it’s that . Social problems in society introduction: the term social problems is a generic term applied to a range of conditions and behaviors which are assumed to be manifestations of social disorganization and this conditions warrant changing through some means of social engineering.
Keywords: problems with social media essay, teenagers and social media essay, social media problems and solutions essay a social network is a map of the relationships between individuals, ranging from casual acquaintance to close familial bonds. Writing sample of essay on a given topic social problems among college students social problems affecting students there is a host of problems that bedevils the students when they join the university or college for the first time. The most common problems teenagers face today teens go through, and are expected to cope with hormonal changes, puberty, social and parental forces, work and .
Essay social problems associated with street gangs social problems associated with street gangs gangs are becoming prevalent in today’s society and within our schools more and more young people are turning to gangs in an attempt to escape their everyday lives and the future, which they perceive as dismal and bleak. Below are a few more problems faced by teenagers these days the pressure to do well in school this is a rather large problem for teenagers, and is the main reason why teenagers use essay writing companies and buy answer keys. Teenagers often have to make early decisions about school subjects, study, careers and work in fact, many teenagers feel that their secondary school marks decide their whole future – that’s a lot of pressure. Free essay: the reasons that cause teenagers' social problems how often do we hear that teenager pregnancies have dramatically increased in tv, radio, and.
Some of the social problems are gangsterism, vandalism and young relationship among youth the main problem for today is the young relationship among youth almost 90 percent teenagers in malaysia especially college students have a couple. Teenagers social problems can be related to anything that happens in this society teenagers can be affected about anything they grow in a society that still has many unresolved issues and they are the ones that have to suffer. Read this essay on social problems of teenagers come browse our large digital warehouse of free sample essays get the knowledge you need in order to pass your classes and more.
A new study has found that teenagers who engage with social media during the night could be damaging their sleep and increasing their risk of anxiety and depression teenagers spoke about the . Free essays on social problems in india get help with your writing 1 through 30.
Social problems among teenagers a social problem is a condition that at least some people in a community view as being undesirable everyone would agree about some social problems, such as murders and theft. - cause and effect essay - the causes of america’s social problems the causes of social problems exist on many levels when we ask why social problems such as poverty, unemployment, crime, and war exist, each time we determine a cause, we can ask why again, as children often do until they are hushed. Problems teenagers face today essaysit is an old cliche now that the teenage years are the most trying ones for both the teenager and the parents the transition from childhood to adulthood is fraught with physical, emotional, mental and psychological changes. Social problems among teenagers, including social anxiety, depression, violence, underage drinking and early pregnancy, have been attributed to a number of possible causes, including the excessive use of online social networking, sleep deprivation, poor family, religious or community relations and .
Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) offers a suite of infrastructure web services in the cloud that is changing how the world consumes IT resources. AWS currently serves customers from over 190 countries using a global network of data centers in th...
Amazon China is looking for an innovative, hands-on, and customer-obsessed Technical Account Manager (TAM). TAMs is responsible for providing technical solutions for both external publishers and internal teams for both business growth and e...
Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA), where “You sell it, we ship it”, needs experienced and excited developers to solve complex challenges. Do you want to learn about every business and technical problem in our company? Do you want to transform the...
Teach Business English and VIP/Corporate Students - Hangzhou, Beijing, Shenzhen, Guangzhou - no kids, competitive salary and career advancement opportunities Organization: Wall Street English - China Website: Job Locations: 10 cities in...
Below is a list of the languages that can be learned. Some guilds cannot learn certain languages. All languages rely on intelligence to be used, and to some degree luck.
Search the entire project This project's trackers This project's forums This project's tasks This project's releases This project's documents This project's news Project People Advanced search
This project's SVN repository can be checked out through anonymous access with the following command(s).
Browsing the Subversion tree gives you a view into the current status of this project's code. You may also view the complete histories of any file in the repository.
Fork Slipper Tyne Extensions are devices that fit over a standard pair of fork tynes on a forklift truck, for the sole purpose of temporarily lengthening the fork tynes, for load stabilization only.
Please Note: When using Fork Slipper Tyne Extensions, great care must be taken to ensure that they are used only for load stabilizing purposes only (and not used for carrying the load). In accordance with AS2359.15 fork slippers used for general usage should be no longer than 167% of the supporting tine's length.
Note: It is important that the load on the Fork Slipper Tyne Extension is uniform and that it is not carried without full support of the appropriate fork tyne.
1. Pay UAH 100.00 (this money will be used to cover organizational costs, including hard copies of photos to help select works to be put on display, design, etc.).
* To save your money, the Organizers have introduced a common fee that covers the costs of printing each photo in A3 format.
Pay at any bank/office or by using an online banking facility (payment receipt complete with banking details is mandatory);
IMPORTANT: Each file should not exceed 85 Mb (10-15 photos). If in excess of this size or if you have other problems sending your file(s), email this form with photos attached to day.bild@gmail.com [4] or send a file hosting link.
Details: LLC Ukrainian Press Group Code 24249388, JSC Raiffeisen Bank Aval, MFO 380805, P / R No. 26007478064. In the purpose of payment, please indicate your full name and a note "For Participation in a Photographic Competition"
Scanned permission and contact information of parents of a child under the age of 18, shown in the photo
Scanned permission and contact information of parents of the author of the photo - a child under the age of 14 - to participate in the competition
Obratine note: • Pre-game has territorial restrictions (suitable only for Russia and CIS countries)! Efficiency key in other regions is possible, but we are not guaranteed. Activation key Call of Duty: Ghosts: 1. You need to download and install Steam http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi (if not already installed) 2. Register novvy Steam account or log into an existing. 3. Go to the "My Games", select "Activate via Steam ..." and enter the key received immediately after the payment. 4. After activating the game appear in the list of games and you can download it from steam. Gift: • Each buyer who leave positive feedback and a desire to write in the comment to get a gift, will receive steam key to one of a variety of games. • Distribution of gifts made within 5-7 working days from the date of writing reviews. • E. mail to a recall is not necessary to leave :) \u003cdelivery\u003e Keys Call of Duty: Ghosts officially distributed by digital distribution without discs and boxes. \u003c/delivery \u003e
Вы приобретаете лицензионную копию игры на аккаунте. Игру вы сможете запускать с любого профиля на Вашей консоли, выполняя лёгкую инструкцию!!! При покупке вы получаете логин (E-mail) и пароль от аккаунта
Jacquard woven in Portugal, this stunning duvet cover showcases large damask medallions on a textural striped ground. Cast in muted shades of pale gray and dark blue, our Orsay duvet cover has a distressed look that gives it the faded gentility of an antique textile. Available exclusively at The Company Store®.
Shirley Fay Woodard, 78, of Callahan, Florida, passed away Friday, November 28, 2014, in Jacksonville, Florida.
Shirley was born in Blountstown, Florida March 15, 1936, the late Clyde C. and Lucille (Smith) Clark. She was a lab technician at Oglesby Plants International, Inc. for several years. Other than her parents, she was preceded in death by his son, Charles, Jr.
Survivors include sons, David Woodard of Rockledge, Florida, and Douglas Woodard of Jacksonville; her daughter, Deborah Sitler of Callahan, Florida; seven grandchildren; three great-grandchildren; and her sister, Odessa Marie Lee, of Ft. Lauderdale, Florida.
Funeral services will be at 10:00 a.m. CT, Tuesday, December 2, in Pine Memorial Cemetery with Reverend Dan Yoder officiating.
Adams Funeral Home is in charge of the arrangements (phone 674-5449). You may offer the family condolences online at adamsfh.com
This is so true and the bouyies are all knocked around and barely detectable to which is the shallow side or the d [...]
May the memories you have of "HAZEL" warm your heart with joy and laughter as you reminisce about her life. We've [...]
I am so sorry to hear of Dick's passing. I will always remember him for his the way he always seemed to care about [...]
Karen Bryant about Who will be running the ambulance service? County Commission receives letter from Hospital CEO regarding EMS
I called the new ambulance service since the big turnover. I live in Clarksville which is 12 miles from Blountstow [...]
"with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ mismanagement exacerbating the problem.” I just felt that needed to be [...]
Search for deals and coupons from Free Sample: Reptile food and over 100,000 other retailers inside The Coupons App. Explore exclusive shopping and restaurant offers at thousands of nationwide and local chains. Browse our best coupons, view local deals or see popular retail stores. Get alerts when we offer hot new savings at Free Sample: Reptile food and all your favorite restaurants & stores. Get automatic notifications when Free Sample: Reptile food deals are nearby. Save coupons for viewing anytime, anywhere. Get calendar reminders when your saved Free Sample: Reptile food coupons are about to expire. Win fantastic giveaways from our weekly contests!
Blue wave fizzles… Republicans keep the Senate; celebrity Democrat candidates in near-universal failure
It’s no secret that John “Insane” McCain is out of touch with what the people really want (isn’t it about time he goes into retirement?), but this…this really takes the cake.
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos (Click for details).
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com.
Daniela Armas is a freshman from Miami, FL. On campus she is involved in the Jack-o-Lantern and runs a radio show which you can listen to on Mondays at 12 PM.
ALHAMBRA - An alleged drunk driver who lost control of his vehicle and plowed into an excavating machine in a construction area on the San Bernardino Freeway, killing a woman and injuring several others, was arraigned Monday.Jacob Garcia Jr., 47, was charged with murder, gross vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated and DUI. He faces 50 years to life in prison. On Dec. 16, Garcia was allegedly driving drunk with six passengers in his sedan when he collided with a piece of excavating equipment on the 10 Freeway in Alhambra. Maria Faith Soloman died in the crash and the other passengers were injured. Bail for Garcia was recommended at $1.3 million.
Visit India and you are likely to fall in love with the beautiful structures and lovely ambience in all the places of tourist interests. Mysore, the Palace City in South India is one such region, which comes across with a collection of some of the most amazing cities.
Located at the base of the Chamundi Hills this is a mesmerizing destination here. The city hosts one of the most magnificent constructions the Mysore Palace which is a visual delight for all those who come here. In fact, it is the most visited Indian monument leaving even the Red Fort and the Qutb Minar of the capital city Delhi behind.
Let us see what are the places we could see in this enthralling locale. After the Mysore Palace, you have the Brindavan Gardens, a botanical paradise constructed by the Diwans of Mysore, located on the Krishna Raja Sagara Dam.
The Jaganmohan Palace which was built by Krishnarja Wodeyar III houses the Sri Jayachamarajendra Art Gallery since 1915 which has collections of paintings ranging from the famous Indian painter Ravi Varma, to the Russian artist Svetoslav Roerich.
The Chamundi Hills is another lovely region in Mysore the garden city at a height of 1000 metres. As one sees the panoramic view from top, the Lalitha Mahal Palace, the Karanji and Kukkarahalli lakes and the Mysore Palace are also seen from here.
With St. Philomena’s Church, Jayalakshmi Vilas mansion, Rail Museum, Regional Museum of Natural History, Folklore Museum, and the Elephant & Calf in Mysore Zoo, the tours here are filled with excitement, luxury, and comfort.
There is a certain beauty and charm Mysore the Palace City which is reminiscent of a past era filled with historical pleasures.
Visit beautiful Mysore the Palace City, which is an ideal rendezvous for all those who visit the beautiful region of South India.
JAMESTOWN, N.Y. – After coming back from a 5-1 deficit, the Elmira Pioneers(6-7) blew a late lead as they lost to the Jamestown Jammers(10-2) by a final score of 7-6 at Diethrick Park.
Jamestown jumped out to an early lead by plating two runs in the bottom of the first. Following a Ben Brookover(UTSA) triple, Skyler Valentine(UTSA) snuck a ball inside the first base line for a double, scoring Brookover. Chris Estrada(UTSA) would then single through the left side scoring Valentine and giving the Jammers an early 2-0 lead.
In the top half of the 2nd, Brett Rodriguez(Wofford) opened the scoring for Elmira. Rodriguez blasted a solo shot to left, his first as well as Elmira’s first homerun of the season to make the score 2-1.
The Jammers would extend their lead to three in the third. With two men out, Connor Rule(Kansas State) hit a 2 RBI single to left that pushed the score to 4-1 in favor of the Jammers.
In the following frame, Jamestown would tack on another run, courtesy of a Collin Stack(UMBC) no doubt homerun to left.
Elmira would try to claw back into the game when they put two on the board in the 5th. An Anthony Nucerino(UConn) groundout scored Joe Preziuso(Canisius), and then Marshall Gilbert(John A Logan) ripped a double to right-center that scored Blake Shinkle(Kansas) and made the score 5-3 in favor of Jamestown.
The Pioneers comeback would be completed in the 7th when they scored two to tie the game. Anthony Nucerino lead off the inning with a triple to center and was brought home by the next hitter Marshall Gilbert when Gilbert grounded out to second. With two men aboard and two outs, Brett Rodriguez blooped a ball to right that was mishandled by the rightfielder Collin Stack allowing a run to score and for the Pioneers to tie the game.
In the 8th, the Pioneers would take their first lead of the game after Joe Preziuso lead off the frame with a double, and was subsequently sacrificed to third by Blake Shinkle and then brought home to score on an Anthony Nucerino sacrifice fly making the score 6-5 Elmira.
The lead would not last long for the Pioneers. In the bottom half of the 8th, a bases loaded walk from TJ Stuart(Manhattan) allowed the tying run to score. The next hitter, Ben Brookover then lifted a ball to center that was deep enough to score the go ahead run and give the Jammers a 7-6 lead.
Corey Blessing(Ohio) came on to close out the game for Jamestown and struck out Brett Rodriguez to end the ball game.
Chase Austin(Corning C.C) gets saddled with loss out of the Pioneers bullpen. He worked three innings, giving up two runs. His inherited runners were allowed to score by TJ Stuart.
The starter for Jamestown, Bradley Griggs(UTSA) did not factor into the decision despite his strong performance. Griggs tossed six innings, allowing three runs and striking out seven. Connor Ryan(Mercyhurst) picked up the win in relief for the Jammers.
The Pioneers and the Jammers will be back in action tomorrow, Sunday, June 18th, for a doubleheader that will begin at 5:05 at Dunn Field.
Line handling isn’t taught in most classes or found in most textbooks; instead, it’s often passed by word of mouth from person to person. I had been boating for many years before I learned the following techniques.
There’s a saying, “Don’t tie the dock to the boat; tie the boat to the dock.” This also applies during raft-ups. It means to keep the adjustment and control of your boat on your own boat.
Always pass the eye of the dock line to the dock (or other boat). The person on the dock (or boat) should put the eye around the cleat. Cleat-off the dock line on your boat. Now you can easily adjust your dock line without leaving your boat. Once understood, this technique seems so simple and obvious.
When heaving a dock line, don’t aim at the receiving person’s head. No one wants a wet dock line in the face, but we often have to dodge them.
If you are on the receiving end of a thrown dock line, hold out your arm to one side to encourage the thrower to aim to the side instead of your head.
When coiling a line, don’t put half-twists into each loop. This causes the line to tangle and fall into the water. As you coil a wet line, the line naturally wants to form a figure 8 for each coil; let it. Practice this technique and you may be surprised to find the line much easier to coil and toss. –John Martin
This knot serves the same purpose as a lark’s head, except it cinches tightly to the ring or spar rather than being prone to slipping.
Robin Shroot’s career in England was stalling, and he knew it. In any profession, it’s important to keep testing yourself and improving your skills, even if that means a change in direction. Shroot was earning a comfortable salary at Stevenage but internal politics and managerial changes left him out of the side and in search of a new challenge. He found it in the most unlikely of locations: western Norway.
“I was deemed surplus to requirements at Stevenage. I think I just obviously wasn’t the manager’s cup of tea which was fair enough”, Shroot reflects. “I trained with the kids for six months”. At 26 years-old, he felt he’d reached a crossroads in his career and was desperate to play for a club with a more technical approach to the game.
Faced with several unappealing loan moves, Shroot decided instead to cancel his contract and go it alone. Having made one brave decision, he took another and cast his eye further afield in an attempt to fulfil a lifelong ambition of playing abroad. “The opportunity came up to go to Sarpsborg, Brian Deane’s club. I went there for a week and it was great”, he recalls of his first experience in Norway. Deane and his assistant Ian Burchnall, who is now at Viking Stavanger, were a huge help and he took to his new environment immediately. “It was really refreshing to experience a new football culture and I really enjoyed it.” Continue reading →
Enter your email address below to receive all the latest articles from The False Nine straight into your inbox.
If you follow my updates besides the blog, then you would know that I was in Mumbai last month for New Year's. Its another city from home away from home , and I love the vibes, and the culture. We experienced Taj Hospitality, and literally didn't come out of our luxurious room for days . Even words fail, if I start expressing how luxurious the staff made us feel, but that's the way it should be right ? While I prefer to stay in hotels in Navi Mumbai,my husband always does hotel bookings in Mumbai near the airport.Since you tend to spend major part of your day in the city traffic,its preferred to stay in hotels near mumbai when you're using the city airport for transit.After a relaxing week at Taj Landsend we chose a boutique hotel near Mumbai airport,The Emerald Hotel,where we had the luxury of warming up food in the good size kitchen of our one bedroom apartment.The Juhu area is a must visit not only for the numerous gourmet outlets but also for the designer wear stores where you can shop to your hearts fill and give the notorious Mumbai traffic a miss.
The perils of TV marketing got the better of my eight year old daughter,who had prostrated before me to visit Adlabs Imagica,the Fun park outside Mumbai ,coz all her favourite kids TV serial characters had been there. The whole experience started on a wrong note as we did an online booking done thru Akbar travels which was a sham as you need to take physical delivery of Imagica entry tickets at the entrance from Akbar Travels guy whom we had to trace thru the worthless telephonic loop of their office.
My advice to all you enthusiasts is to not eat anything post your dinner ( pretend that you are going for your blood sugar test ) cos the last three kilometers of the road are so bad that I would suggest NASA to send their astronauts to train here for the zero gravity experience while you are constantly thrown midair.
Well in a way it is good as it prepares you for the scary and rough rides which you experience at the so called Fun park where the only fun the kids can have is at the water canon boat ride or the water fountain. After most rides ,the kids are either dizzy or shocked to the core. If anyone of you has been to any DisneyLands abroad,let me warn you that Imagica is not even a distant cousin and a sure no-go.With a ticket cost equal to that of Hongkong Disneyland,you feel shortchanged with less than one fourth of that experience.
So this was my bitter-sweet experience while in Mumbai. Sweet- Coz the hotels, and food to look forward brings a teenage girl in me jump n leap. Can't wait to go back there and have a blast again though minus- any well researched risks.
Beautiful picture and a lovely blog too.Your new fan on GFC you are welcome to visit my blog too.Greetings from Nairobi
Surbhi ,(u can call me BEE too)fashion blogger from Delhi, India ! Fashion hanker,part time stylist and a mom in between. Love mornings and,happy endings in life. This blog is all about my skillful blend of style and substance and effortless ways to bring trends in everyday wear ! A compulsive shopper often turned on by fashion which makes me follow trends religiously and manage to stay trendy. Join me here to know a lot more about my styles ,and share a mutual bond and passion for fashion here on this blog.
Gleaming with delight on a hot sweaty day, from a land of molten lava, and air as warm as that smoked sizzler, let me tell you, I had ...
Under the program, ITXC and MERA will continue to work together to assure that networks using MERA's MVTS can immediately use ITXC VoIPLink Service for direct VoIP interconnection with ITXC.
ITXC SNARCs are ITXC-owned and operated IP telephony equipment co-located at a qualified, licensed carrier's premises.
This allows Teleglobe to more consistently deliver carrier-grade call completion to operators at more competitive prices across more destinations and to capture the remaining operational synergies of the ITXC merger in 2004.
The licensing agreement allows ITXC to incorporate Intel's Internet telephony software technology into its ITXC webtalkNOW
ITXC is the global market segment share leader in VoIP international calling and one of the largest international voice carriers of any kind.
ITXC has included in this press release forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including all statements concerning the timing of the transactions described above and the during of SEC review process concerning the filing described above.
Although this payment does not fully cover ITXC for its direct or indirect cost resulting from this suit, it is a healthy example that plaintiffs may have to bear costs as well and in the right case it can be well worth it to defendants not to buy peace at any price," said ITXC Chairman and CEO Tom Evslin.
ITXC and its directors, executive officers and other members of their management and employees may be soliciting proxies from its shareholders in favor of the merger.
The use of Correlation Manager within Inter-mediatE is expected to allow ITXC to nearly double its daily CDR processing by year's end.
Last week, ITXC announced the general availability of its ITXC VoIPLink Service which enables VoIP-based service providers to directly interconnect their own VoIP networks to ITXC.
ITXC and Quintum have worked together to establish and maintain interoperable configurations with ITXC.
The document was signed by Pavel Andryushchenko, deputy director for production and technical director of Kolmar Co, LLC, on the one hand, and the heads of municipal districts: Gorny - Nikita Andreev, Megino-Kangalassky - Nikolai Starostin, Namsky - Alexander Atlasov, Ust-Aldansky - Alexei Fedotov and deputy head of the Churapchin district on economics, finance and investment policy Innokentiy Matveev.
The "Khojaly 613" world premiare was held in Paris on February 21 and was screened in the cities such as London, Madrid, Strasbourg, Ruan, Kolmar, Brussels, Athens, Vilnius, Bern, Geneva, Dublin and Oslo so far.
KDC Kolmar just launched a new product collection within the color cosmetics category that features a formulation with a patented, natural sun care technology that provides three times more SPF protection than existing technology on the market.
Two of the most notable were Korea-based Cosmax Bio and Kolmar BNH, both of which are well-known to Chinese cosmetic brands.
The ins and outs of China's inner beauty market: industry experts insist that after years of starts and stops the category is ready to grow
This workshop, led by team captain Ewelina Pitusiak, director of R&D at Kolmar Laboratories, will run in two sessions.
NYSCC Suppliers' Day 2017: the global cosmetic ingredients marketplace for education, innovation and business development has a new home, New York City
The four writers she chooses are intriguing and prove to work well together: namely Ludwig Strauss, Moyshe Kulbak, Uri Zvi Greenberg, and Gertrud Kolmar.
This is certainly less a sign of a deficiency in Reitter's own choices of material than it is a reflection of the relative lack of ongoing scholarly attention paid to such extraordinary women as Veza Canetti, Mascha Kaleko, Gertrud Kolmar, Else Lasker-Schuler, Berta Pappenheim, Anna Seghers, and others of this time.
Writers discussed include Ludwig Strauss, Moyshe Kulbak, Uri Zvi, Gertrud Kolmar, and other Jewish writers in Germany writing in German, Hebrew, and Yiddish.
Citing Judith Butler's theory of "subject formation" (as cited in Kolmar & Bartkowski, 2010), Kondo explained that without the performance, there is, in fact, no identity (p.
In 2010-2011, Mills was marketing director at Kolmar Manufacturing of Las Cruces and in the previous seven years, she was co-owner and marketing director of Mills Cooper Motors of Silver City, N.
Kolmar Group AG's US unit has bought a small Connecticut biodiesel plant, the Swiss commodities trader's first ever acquisition of an asset, in a move that may stir hopes of renewed investment for the struggling biofuel sector.
Note: Many of our articles have direct quotes from sources you can cite, within the Wikipedia article! This article doesn't yet, but we're working on it! See more info or our list of citable articles.
This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. Please improve this article if you can. The talk page may contain suggestions. (June 2010)
APB: All Points Bulletin was a multiplayer online video game for Microsoft Windows[2] based in urban sprawls and featuring two sides, Enforcers and the Criminals. Players could join either the Enforcers or the Criminals, and form sub-groups in these. The game design was led by David Jones, who contributed to the original Grand Theft Auto and Crackdown, and was developed by Realtime Worlds. It was released on 29 June 2010 in North America, Europe, and in the United Kingdom.[1]
On 17 August 2010 Realtime Worlds was placed into administration. The administrators intended to keep the company trading whilst they attempted to find a buyer for the firm. If a buyer could not be found then the long-term future for the game was uncertain.[3] On 16 September 2010 Realtime Worlds announced APB servers were to be shut down "soon" with no specific date given.[4][5] On 23 September 2010, APB game servers were officially shut down.
The game takes place in a modern-day, fictional city of San Paro where there is a constant battle between "Enforcers" and "Criminals", and the player will need to decide to which Faction they want to belong.
Other activities involving missions within the game allowing the player to earn extra money, which can then be used to upgrade weapons, vehicles, and their character appearances, all of which influence the game.[6] For example, several Criminal players may rob a convenience store within the game; the game will then seek out one or more Law Enforcement players of equivalent skills and other criteria and will issue an all-points bulletin for them to stop the robbery.
The camera focuses on the character from above the shoulder in which the currently equipped gun is held, allowing the player to peek around corners before they lean around to shoot. The player can also zoom in using right click for better aim. Weapons cannot be bought straight away from NPC contacts. The player must achieve different goals to unlock the purchase of weapons, varying from completing a certain number of missions successfully, to achieving a high enough standing with a contact or organization. Contacts sell upgrades, equipment, weapons, vehicles and clothing. Ammunition can be bought from Joker vending machines, scattered around the 3 districts. Players cannot normally attack each other unless they are enemies or allies in a mission. This prevents death matching and griefing.
Depending on faction, players will have either a prestige or notoriety level, going from 0 to 5. This level goes up as the player successfully performs actions that help their faction's cause, such as killing players of the opposing faction, completing missions successfully, or by doing actions unique to their faction. Such unique faction actions include mugging pedestrians for criminals, or arresting criminals for enforcers. The level decreases as the player hinders their faction; for instance, teamkilling, dying, and destroying city objects as enforcers. At level 0, a player is free to do as they please, and will not have enemy players dispatched against them. At level 1, the player receives slightly greater rewards from missions, and enemy players will be dispatched against them if they witness them performing certain actions. At level 2, the rewards are increased even more, and enemy players may be dispatched against their missions. At level 3, enemy players may be sent against the player regardless of actions, and rewards are increased further. At level 4, the player will receive increased rewards, enemy players will still be dispatched against them. At level 5, the player has a bounty put on their head, which allows them to interact with any player on the server. They can be killed by any criminal or enforcer, but a bounty player can kill anyone on the server. All rewards are greatly increased for a person with a bounty for being able to achieve goals while under extreme pressure. When someone kills a player with a bounty, unless they are an enforcer killing a fellow enforcer, the killer receives a large money and standing reward for being able to kill such a high-threat player. A bounty can be removed by death, or by reducing prestige/notoriety enough to reduce the level to 4.
APB also claims it will be the first multiplayer online game title where the player's skill determines the character's progression, as opposed to the normal model of time investment.
At Game Developers Conference 2009 it was announced that Vivox would be providing voice chat for the game. The software allows players to customize the voice of their characters with voice fonts, and to communicate using 3D positional audio.
It has also been revealed that you will be able to synchronize music from your hard drive to the in-game radio. If another player owns the same song being played, it will appear as an ambient sound from your car. However, if the player in question does not own the song: Last.fm will automatically match the track with any similar artist.[7]
APB has been described by Realtime Worlds executive Colin MacDonald as being "the bastard child of everything we've been striving towards over the 15-20 years" and a culmination of "what [David Jones has] always wanted to do from GTA and before Crackdown and APB."[8]
APB was planned as early as 2005, initially as a Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 title, and intended as the flagship title for the then-newly founded Realtime Worlds studio created by David Jones.[9] Then, it was planned that the Xbox 360 release would be in 2010. In the interim time, Realtime Worlds developed the video game Crackdown, released in 2007, which bore some resemblance to the concepts that were to be in APB.
At the 2008 Game Developers Conference, David Jones stated that APB would be released in 2008.[10] Jones noted that APB would be more like a multiplayer online game with players interacting with up to 25 other players at the same time. He also noted that the game compared well to the typical style of fantasy or sci-fi "multiplayer online" games such as World of Warcraft, but did not expect to compete with those games, as the concept was different. On 14 April 2008, Realtime Worlds announced that it had raised $50 million for APB and other future projects.[11] However, he also confirmed that Realtime Worlds was now looking at a 2009 release.[12] In this same announcement and subsequent interviews, the company stated that that game was now scheduled for release on Microsoft Windows in 2009, and with options for eventual versions on the Xbox 360.[13]
On 21 April 2008, Realtime Worlds announced that it had reacquired the global distribution rights for APB, significantly amending the arrangement made in 2005 with Webzen Games.[13][14] An industry rumour suggested that Realtime Worlds planned to sell the game to Rockstar Games in order to re-craft it as a massively multiplayer Grand Theft Auto, though Realtime Worlds denied these rumors.[15]
In June 2009, Andy Eddy from teamxbox.com reported, "Not only did a spokesperson indicate to me after the EA announcement that the title was being developed for Xbox 360, during today's presentation [at E3 2010], Realtime's Dave Jones said that the first consideration would be the PC release, and then it'll come to the console side. So, while what follows isn't strictly for the Xbox 360, it seems that Realtime Worlds sending the game our way is a definite. If everything that I saw today actually comes to our favourite system, we should all be very, very happy."[16]
In July 2009, EJ Moreland from Realtime Worlds made it clear that APB would be a PC release only for the first release, but they would be looking at the possibilities for a console version.[17]
A PC closed beta ran from 19 October 2009 to 4 June 2010.[18] This was followed by an open beta which ran from June 12, 2010 to June 19, 2010.
On 30 April 2010, a press release was published by official fansite APB Evolved that included pricing information and release dates: 29 June 2010 in North America, 1 July in Mainland Europe and 2 July in the United Kingdom.[1] A subscription-like system was used, where players purchase game time for action districts, either by purchasing hours or by opting for an unlimited playtime option for 30 days. Players were required to purchase a copy of the game which included 50 hours of initial game time.[1] Both the game and the website were available in French, German, Spanish, Italian, Russian and English.[19]
The game houses an in-game music system similar to Grand Theft Auto. It features established acts, but also emerging artists including Atlas&i and Avosetta.[20]
The game allows players to import music into the music player. If other players also have the same song imported to their music player, they will hear the music on the player's car radio. If another player does not have the same song imported, Last.fm will select a similar song to play instead.[21]
APB's release was met with some criticism due to a review embargo, planned to last until a week after release. Whilst review embargoes are commonplace in games review, the length caused a large backlash in the reviewing community. John Walker from Rockpapershotgun.com stated "Whatever their reason is, they've crossed a very obvious, very ridiculous line. When anyone anywhere can post a review to their blog, a comments thread, or a site's reader reviews section, it's beyond daft to think that the site itself cannot." [22] Realtime worlds responded by stating "Before finalising reviews, we want you to experience the full, rich experience of APB as it is meant to be seen. We want you to see wild customer customisations, player progression and clans making an impact on the living breathing city of San Paro. This key code also therefore grants you, along with our pre-order customers, VIP early access before the official launch day; 26 June in North America and 28 June in Europe." [22]
On 17 August 2010, six weeks after the release of APB, Realtime Worlds entered administration. Former APB staff spoke to the press about the development process, including a lack of management focus and desire to ignore negative comments from beta-testers, and the substandard quality of gameplay including poor driving and shooting mechanics.[23]
On 16 September 2010, as the administrator was unable to find a buyer, Realtime Worlds announced the shut-down of APB.[24]
Servers remained online the following day, during which time an unknown source apparently close to the RTW development team sparked rumours that Epic Games, creators of the 'Unreal Engine 3 on which APB was based, were showing interest in the APB intellectual property rights. Dana Cowley, spokesperson for Epic, neither confirmed nor denied the idea, stating:
"Mark [Epic Games CEO] absolutely loves APB, and everyone here loved what they saw. We've got our hands full of Gears of War 3, Bullet Storm and the recently announced Project Sword. If any talks like that are going on, then they would be confidential." [25]
It was reported that some who purchased the game have had success obtaining a downloadable title, credit, or partial refund from publisher EA's customer support.[26]
Initial reviews included PCGamer giving the title 55/100.[28] and Eurogamer giving 6/10[29] 1UP awarded APB a score of 25/100[30] and Destructoid giving 35/100.[31] Other reviews were higher, with IGN giving 77/100 [32] and Edge granting 7/10.[33]
Categories: Articles with dead external links from September 2010 | Articles with dead external links from June 2010 | Wikipedia articles needing cleanup from June 2010 | Articles with dead external links from October 2010 | 2010 video games | Action-adventure games | Multiplayer online games | Open world video games | Organized crime video games | Realtime Worlds games | Third-person shooters | Unreal Engine games | Video game controversies | Video games developed in the United Kingdom | Windows games | Inactive massively multiplayer online games
The text of the above Wikipedia article is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License. This content and its associated elements are made available under the same license where attribution must include acknowledgement of The Full Wiki as the source on the page same page with a link back to this page with no nofollow tag.
Charles Alexandre Dupuy (French pronunciation: [ʃaʁl dypɥi]; 5 November 1851 - 23 July 1923) was a French statesman, three times prime minister.
He was born in Le Puy-en-Velay, Haute-Loire, Auvergne, where his father was a minor official. After a period as a professor of philosophy in the provinces, he was appointed a school inspector, thus obtaining a practical acquaintance with the needs of French education. In 1885 he was elected to the chamber as an Opportunist Republican. After acting as "reporter" of the budget for public instruction, he became minister for the department, in Alexandre Ribot's cabinet, in 1892. In April 1893 he formed a ministry himself, taking as his office that of minister of the interior, but resigned at the end of November, and on 5 December was elected president of the chamber. During his first week of office an anarchist, Vaillant, who had managed to gain admission to the chamber, threw a bomb at the president, and Dupuy's calm response --"Messieurs, la séance continue" -- gained him much credit.
In May 1894 he again became premier and minister of the interior; and he was at President Carnot's side when Carnot was stabbed to death at Lyons in June. He then stood for the presidency, but was defeated, and his cabinet remained in office till January 1895; under this government, Alfred Dreyfus was arrested and condemned (23 December 1894). The progress of the Dreyfus Affair cast its shadow over Dupuy, along with other French "ministrables," but in November 1898, after Henri Brisson had at last remitted the case to the judgment of the court of cassation, he formed a cabinet of Republican concentration.
In view of the apparent likelihood that the judges of the criminal division of the court of cassation--who formed the ordinary tribunal for such an appeal—would decide in favour of Dreyfus, it was thought that Dupuy's new cabinet would be strong enough to reconcile public opinion to such a result; but, to the surprise of outside observers, Dupuy proposed a law in the chamber transferring the decision to a full court of all the divisions of the court of cassation. This arbitrary act, though adopted by the chamber, was construed as a fresh attempt to maintain the judgment of the first court-martial. In the interim, President Félix Faure (an anti-Dreyfusard) died, and the accession of Émile Loubet helped placate the public. The whole court of cassation decided that there must be a new court-martial, and Dupuy at once resigned (June 1899). In June 1900 he was elected senator for the Haute Saône.
Although none of Dupuy's Presidential bids were successful, he served, due to his position as Prime Minister, as an Acting President of the French Republic for three separate occasions during vacancies.
6 May 1899 - Camille Krantz succeeds Freycinet as Minister of War. Jean Monestier succeeds Krantz as Minister of Public Works.
See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews). An interactive CSS playground and code sharing tool. Dabblet saves to Github gists and offers many conveniences for CSS editing. Dec 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join the discussion. This forum covers Campbellsville, KY local community news, events for your calendar, and updates from … Free Website Templates, Free Web Templates, Free HTML5 Templates - Everything You Want to Know About Website Design An interactive CSS playground and code sharing tool. Dabblet saves to Github gists and offers many conveniences for CSS editing. News, Photos and Information about Chicago Tribune. Popular Topics. Ask Amy Jul 30, 2017nbsp;0183;32;dota 2 - how to calibrate high mmr, how does calibration works 2017 Feb 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Wikipedia (quot;the 'free' encyclopediaquot;) is a website that parodies Uncyclopedia. It was founded in 2001, when it began its … Here is what to expect on ISIBAYA in November 2017. Wednesday 1 November 2017 Episode 1156 Thandeka receives support from the … ChristianBikerDating. com is the first Christian dating site for biker singles or Christians. Join us now to meet Christian motorcyclists near you, browse christian. Connectivity First Evidence That Online Dating Is Changing the Nature of Pune best dating site Dating websites have changed the way couples meet. Now evidence is emerging that this. Dating Russian women brides, every hook up clovis nm a new personals profiles in the gay dating site johannesburg order catalog's Russian brides club. How to get rid of dating site pop ups Russian Ukrainian women brides seeking men for. Write and chat with American, European, and Australian men. Online dating reviews best dating sites free nash jesuotaku dating women. Welcome best way to hook up rain barrel Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. Aug 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Online best way to hook up rain barrel is more popular than ever. You probably know some couples who've paired off after meeting on a matchmaking website. … Wasted money on unreliable and slow multihosters. LinkSnappy is the only multihost that works. Download best way to hook up rain barrel ALL Filehosts as a premium user at incredibly fast speeds. Swingers South Africa is a free adult dating site for people looking for other best way to hook up rain barrel, or looking to get into the swinging scene in South Best way to hook up rain barrel. No time hook up gym write my essay. Fast turnaround I have no time to write my paper is what our customers complain about most. Thats when we step in with our. Escorts Directory - Escort Classified Ads Adult classifieds Escorts Classifieds. Independent escorts, call girls, courtesans amp; escort agencies. The following five apps will help people in same-sex relationships to find love…or maybe just a hookup. Here are our five favorite gay and lesbian dating apps. Dating Over 50 news and opinion. Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you. JOIN Now amp; Get Laid Tonight. Meet Hormonal Women Needing to get Laid. Join Now and Connect with Horny Pregnant Women Who are Looking for Sex. Don't Delay, Get FREE. Get the latest Rolling Stone new music news, song and album reviews, free music downloads, artist videos amp; pictures, playlists and more. Jung Yun-ho (Hangul: ; Hanja: ; born February 6, 1986), also known by his stage name U-Know Yunho () or simply U-Know, is a South Korean. Newest funny jokes of the day. Funny quotes, sayings, photos, songs, videos and more. ADVISORY: This site contains anti-depressive material. Final Exam Timetable. Get the latest Matric Final Exam Timetable for the 2015 NSC October examinations. Past Papers. Past Papers amp; Memos for various subjects dating. If youre a gay man in the market for a hookup, date, or a relationship, the fastest way to find what youre looking for is by going to a website custom-made just.
Looking for the best over 60 dating site for singles over 60 amp; 70. Check our reviews of the top over 60 dating websites to find the most effective bedt. Jennifer has been fighting her parents, Anne and Charles, for custody of her 6-year-old daughter and claims they are quot;out to get herquot. They say Jennifer is Watch Nici Sterling at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Nici Sterling videos, pictures and more. Coordinates. Gibson Brands, Inc.
(formerly Gibson Wat Corp. ) is an American manufacturer of guitars, other musical instruments, and consumer and professional. Dating best way to hook up rain barrel younger best way to hook up rain barrel all the other men you know really, really nervous. Interestingly, iraq dating sites older men who exclusively date younger women are … Meet Oklahoma City singles online amp; chat in the forums.
DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Oklahoma City. Want to know how to write your own Craigslist Casual Encounters ad. Check out my article and become a Casual Encounters master. Below are some examples of introduction letters sent by Russian scammers. Check to see if you got the copy of the same crap.
Hundreds of other men did. There are pros and cons to dating Peruvian girls. Just like there are arena matchmaking dark souls 3 and gest to dating in the U. and every other barel. Myers Briggs Dating Relationships. Generally speaking, people with girl code rules on dating Myers Briggs Personalities get along best (eg.
Southern California is famous for its sandy beaches, beautiful views and a relaxed lifestyle. Get away to one of these stunning cottages, hotels and inns for a. BBC Radio upp an operational business division and service of the British Broadcasting Corporation (which has operated in the United Kingdom under the terms of a Royal. Nov 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;We all die one way or another: Why one Canadian woman volunteered to fight ISIS in Syria The 700 Club features Christian testimonies of miracles, healings, and other inspirational stories.
Are you a single over 50 best way to hook up rain barrel looking tk an online dating site. Our reviews gain the top 20 senior dating sites will help you to find the most effective one. Last week I created a dating profile on each of these sites, and rating apps geared (or accepting) of lesbians based on three criteria: style, amenities, and my. Boy meets girl. Boy falls in love with best way to hook up rain barrel. (And girl falls in love with boy, best way to hook up rain barrel course!) Boy asks girl to marry him.
Boy and girl live happily ever after. Do you have any advice against getting quickly emotionally involved. I only date men I can imagine marrying, at least as much as you can know early on - guys I'm. Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips dating sites panama city panama more from Money Saving Expert Match com login is the online dating site for single man and woman to find match.
The proportions of the two ingredients are. Nov 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Selena Gomez might be one less lonely girl thanks to Justin Bieber - but no one seems to be sure. August 6, 2017 6:27 am Lauren. Just a question please Sienna you told me to completely separate myself from my widower. Does this include not acknowledging the. We try to test out every dating app to find out the best way to get a date. Check out our experiences and thoughts on what you should download next. The release came before Monday's decision from Nebraska regulars on whether or not the company can go ahead with its plans for an extension, the Keystone XL oil pipeline. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard Grand Theft Auto Online is a persistent, open world online multiplayer video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games. It was released on 1. ExxonMobil is the worlds largest publicly traded international oil and gas company. Learn more at ExxonMobil. com. Senior Dating list of the Top 10 Senior dating sites for senior singles. Top 10 Best Dating Sites compares senior singles dating services of the leading websites. Best dating service houston The BEST Sewing Machine For Kids. Read My TOP 10 Sewing Machines For Kids Reviews - 100 Unbiased Reviews of The Best Brands - Best way to hook up rain barrel amp; More. What makes people be such jerks in online games and messageboards. And why do these kids keep stealing dating agency cyrano subtitles Halloween candy. Wait, actually I … BUT WHAT ABOUT Best way to hook up rain barrel CHRISTIAN DATING Beet. For starters, if youre new to the world dating a busy man long distance online most popular gay dating sites uk, dont start with one of the free Best way to hook up rain barrel dating sites and. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. When you aren't looking for bst relationship, hookup utica ny dating can be tricky - unless you're equipped with these 10 hookup websites and apps. Widower dating has never been easier thanks to this great widowers rwin site. Bset miss a gain to meet single widowers in your town today. With the conference theme Building Leaders amp; Making Impact, the conference will offer: A technical programme with technical sessions, 2 minute thesis sessions. Huawei is a leading rin information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider, we have vedic astrology match making software end-to-end best way to hook up rain barrel in telecom networks, devices. Adult Dating, Adult Personals, Free Personals, Fuck Buddy, Free Online Dating, Meet Singles on Adult Fuck Finder 11 December 2017. Johnny Mathis news, gossip, photos of Johnny Mathis, biography, Johnny Mathis boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Johnny Mathis. Canada is a land of vast distances and rich natural beauty. Economically and technologically, and in many other ways she closely … Commonly in movies, the main sick girl character is seen as so broken until her superhero man comes along, who is seen as the cure for all symptoms for. Ancient Athletes: Greek-Style Gymnasium Unearthed in Egypt Live Science - November 7, 2017 Archaeologists have discovered Egypt's first known ancient gymnasium, a. Asian Sexual Dating is the best 100 percent completely free Asian sex adult dating site to date in Asia with Indians, Japanese, Chinese, Pakistani, Tamil, Korean. Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. Welcome to Fruzo, the world's first dating social network that uses video chat to connect potential matches. Unlike other dating apps or social network websites. Sep 27, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Russian cannibal couple tried to sell 'human meat pies' to restaurants, made snacks for nearby soldiers Lake Charles classifieds.
This article was about a volcano from Hawaii called Kilauea. Hawaiians run for their lives as lava spreads in residents streets, distorting houses and cars and also they are freeing from toxic gases the lava left behind. Some residents were quickly able to grab pets and other belongings when the eruption died down and others had to think about what was happening to their home, belongings and pets.
5. Kilauea is the most active volcano out of the five on the island and is on of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world
1. I now understand that volcanoes can be life threatening like all natural disasters and I’ve also learnt how scary it is from someone’s point of view in the actual situation.
This article was about how Darwin was battling a cyclone and Victoria and NSW were fighting against bushfires. At school for Integrated Studies we are learning about natural disasters such as volcanoes, cyclones, tornadoes, droughts, bushfires, earthquakes, ect. This is a great example of how devastating and life threatening these situations can be.
The tropical cyclone that hit Darwin caused a huge clean up. Residents had to clean up broken trees, buildings,ect. I guess that you need to stay strong no matter what happens in your life and push it behind you. Stand strong and let the past be the past because you create the future.
Bushfires are just about the same level of devastating news. Bushfires cause lives being lost. Bushfires can start off from being a small flame and expand into a life threatening fire. Have you heard of the NSW bushfire survivor Turia Pitt. She was running a marathon and got caught in a bushfire she survived but in order to keep breathing there had to be some changes.
Racism, bigotry, and intolerance are all okay as long as you’re a Left-wing extremist who has pledged allegiance to the …
There is rampant dishonesty throughout the legacy media, but perhaps there is no news outlet as dishonest as CNN — …
“Hate Speech” now means anything that disagrees with the status quo… YouTube purging EVERY independent voice, left and right
The END of free speech? GAB.ai threatened with having its domain seized because it supports a gay conservative named Milo
Microsoft may still allow Android apps to run on its Windows 10 operating system next year. However, spokespeople have announced that it will only be a last resort. There is hope that allowing the Android apps to run will encourage more people to ...
New Delhi:Publications Division, Government of India, n.d. [1955] – Very Good+ hardcover/ Very Good dust jacket (in mylar) – 12″ tall x 9.5″ – clean sandalwood brown covers, red lettered on front and spine – color and bw photographs of art and sculpture – notes, bibliography – 330 pages. Published on the occasion of the 2500th anniversary of the Mahaparinirvana of Buddha, the current volume opens with a tribute to the Buddha by Mahatma Gandhi. The 7 chapters that follow illustrate (through quotations and a lavish portfolio of art) the life and times of the Buddha, his message, and the spread of Buddhism in India and beyond, ending with its enduring influence. ISBN: 0-88253-354-1 Ships from the U.S. (media mail, to U.S. addresses) $35.00 Size: 4to – over 9¾” – 12″ tall
New York: Bhaktivedanta Book Trust, 1972 – 6th printing – Very Good+ paperback – 7.75″ tall – stiff paper covers – minor exterior handling wear; otherwise clean edges, tight, bright, unmarked, as new, interior – bio, Sanskrit key, glossary, index – 129 pages. “With Introduction, Translation, and Authorized Purport” by the Founder-Acharya of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness. A key ancient Hindu teaching, the Isa Upanishad, is given here in the original Sanskrit alphabet and its English transliteration together with Swami Prabhupada’s translation and commentary. Size: 12mo – over 6¾” – 7¾” tall
Philadelphia & NY: Lea Brothers & Co, 1905 – Very Good hardcover – dark blue cloth gilt-lettered on spine with gilt and purple medallion on front – 10.5″ tall – lavishly illustrated with 24 bw plates, 81 illustrations, including bw facsimiles of portraits, maps, charters (some double or pullouts) – light fraying at top, small chip at bottom, of spine; slight fading at rear; rear hinge cracked, otherwise interior tight, clean, unmarked, with no foxing – lists, analytical contents + 337 pages. Contents: Book I: The Counter-Reformation in Central and Eastern Europe (A.D. 1556-1618); Book II: The Thirty Years’ War (A.D. 1618-1648). Ships to U.S. addresses only, by Media Mail. Price includes heavy book surcharge. Size: 4to – over 9¾” – 12″ tall
Bangalore: Veda Bhashya Prakashana Samithi, 2006 – Very Good hardcover – 11″ tall x 8.75″ – gilt lettered dark red covers – silk ribbon marker – 527 pages. Translation from Sanskrit (Yajur Veda) and Hindi (Commentary) into Kannada by Vidwan Sheshachala Sharma and Vidwan Vasudeva Paranjape. Note: TEXT IS IN KANNADA, the language of the southern Indian state of Karnataka. English title: Commentary on the Yajurveda (c.1876); the author was Dayanand Saraswati (1824-1883), founder of Arya Samaj, a modern Hindu movement. This is Part 2 of a 3-volume set. Price includes surcharge for heavy book. Availability: ships from the U.S. (to U.S. addresses only). Size: 4to – over 9¾” – 12″ tall
Bangalore: Veda Bhashya Prakashana Samithi, 2006 – Very Good hardcover – 11″ tall x 8.75″ – gilt lettered dark red covers – silk ribbon marker – 513 pages. Translation from Sanskrit (Yajur Veda) and Hindi (Commentary) into Kannada by Vidwan Vasudeva Paranjape and V.V. Venkatesh. Note: TEXT IS IN KANNADA, the language of the southern Indian state of Karnataka. English title: Commentary on the Yajurveda (c.1876); the author was Dayanand Saraswati (1824-1883), founder of Arya Samaj, a modern Hindu movement. This is Part 3 of a 3-volume set. Price includes surcharge for heavy book. Availability: ships from the U.S. (to U.S. addresses only). Size: 4to – over 9¾” – 12″ tall
ok, you have a forum for if someone is looking for a script and needs it created for them, but why not have a forum for us programmers to say "hey, i am looking for some work" this couild be of great use to us freelance programmers.
i know that you need to have a demand for it to enter it so i implore any freelance programmer to sign on here and get this forum, cause YOU may be the first to get a job from it.
You're definitely on the right track randor. I would also like to see the $ character mentioned explicitly somewhere.
Another possibility would be a kind of bidding system, where people who wanted custom scripts to be written could post their requirements, and freelance programmers could bid down for the work. The poster could stipulate the closing date for tenders to be in, and allow a couple of days for bidders to compete.
And yes, I would be willing to pay a membership fee to see you right for your administration time. Or perhaps you could take a commission from each deal or something. It was just an idea off the top of my head when I saw randor having the bottle to post his idea.
Perhaps this could replace Throw Down The Gauntlet? I never did comprehend how it was meant to differ from I need a program that....
so, what do you think, can we get a forum like that for now.. then maybe someone can make a "bidding" style script to run... it would really help us out..
describe your scripting needs on this forum and freelance programmers can place bids and offer their services.
Do you need a program written, but do not know where to hire someone? place your best description of the job here and let the programmers bid on the job.
feel free to edit the name or descriptions.. it is the best i can come up with without overloading my brain:)
If it takes off, maybe you could section it off into it's own auction area. Hmmm...now I wonder where you could find a good auction program! ;)
I'de also like to say what a pleasure it is to come to a web site where you can actually speak to the admins on a personal level like this.
i applaud your "hands on" approach this board.. i have gone to alot of boards in my days, and i still journey to add input when i can to quite a few, but this one really has the edge, as when i have something to say i know that there is the trusty admins there to help and give feedback.
At my forum, I use a module that escapes the ASCII codes into HTML escape sequences. For example, < becomes &lt; Besides the normal characters, I also convert all other characters, like � � and �.
This approach clashes with UNICODE language sets, like russian and arab. Those languages use 2-bytes, and perl's s/// only checks one byte each time.
What can I do about this? Limit the replacement (not my favourite idea) to & < and > ? Or is there a way I can see someone posted in UNICODE?, so my s/// handles this.
As attachment, I've included the file converting the characters. (windows users: use wordpad to read the file, to handle unix 'lf' sequences..)
s/// should handle Unicode characters ok, but you might need to put "use utf8" at the top of your program.
I have a strong feeling that 'use utf8' does only work on new perl versions, and forces the use of utf8. My program also runs at Perl 5.005_03. And, not all users will post unicode messages...
You explained that s/// should handle this, but maybe the source of my module (attached with first post) could explain the source of this problem.. apparently, it doesn't do that.
I have a strong feeling that 'use utf8' does only work on new perl versions, and forces the use of utf8. My program also runs at Perl 5.005_03.
Ah, but that's the joy of UTF8. The standard ASCII character set is a subset of UTF8, so if you're using UTF8 and your users don't post in two-byte characters then it makes no difference to the way your program works.
Honestly, I find this FormatFieldHTML of mine very ugly too.. I created it a year ago, when I was very happy VB6 programmer.
Hi, im looking for a script to send user to page based on login, it would be nice if it used htaccess (but also great if it doesn't) but if MUST send different users to different pages based on login (prefer just to have either username or password - NOT BOTH)
Today 1 Canadian Dollar is worth 0.66988 EUR while 1 Euro is worth 1.49279 CAD. Canadian Dollar / Euro ratio is the value of the Canadian Dollar in Euro. CAD/EUR thus refers to the exchange rate of the Canadian Dollar in Euro, ie the value of the Canadian currency expressed in European currency. The notation used is CAD / EUR, but there are others, such as CADEUR or CAD-EUR. The symbol for CAD can be written $.The symbol for EUR can be written €. Note also that the Canada country code is CAN or CA.
Instructions: Enter the amount of Canadian Dollar to be converted in the box to the left. Choose the home currency by clicking on the currency name in the box to the right. To change from Canadian Dollar (foreign) to another currency, just click on the currency name in the box to the left.
The Canadian Dollar (EUR) is used as the main currency in the following countries: Akrotiri and Dhekelia, Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Kosovo, Latvia, Luxembourg, Malta, Monaco, Montenegro, Portugal, San Marino, Slovakia, SloveniaSpain, Vatican City, Netherlands
Sponsored Products and Sponsored Brands are cost-per-click (CPC) self-serve ad programs in the Amazon Advertising world. In support to the Amazon Advertising's business, we at Ad Success Team (AST) are building a group of energetic and high...
Amazon.com operates in a virtual, global ecommerce environment without boundaries, and operates a diverse set of businesses in fourteen countries, including Retail, third party marketplaces, ecommerce platforms, web services for developers....
Amazon Search Customer Experience Team is hiring talented and enthusiastic Software Engineers to build up our new customer experience platform and deliver innovative features and capabilities on it. Are you excited by the prospect of crea...
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a dynamic, growing business unit within Amazon.com that provides a broad set of infrastructure services including computing power, storage options, networking and databases available on demand. We are the leader...
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a highly reliable, scalable, low-cost infrastructure platform in the cloud that powers hundreds of thousands of enterprise, government and start-up business and organizations in over 190 countries around the wor...
To Apply visit this link: http://cips.io/49021e Job Requirements Be a native English Speaker with a neutral accent American, Canadian, or British nationals only Be between 20 - 45 years of age Be healthy, energetic, creative and prese...
Have you ever noticed the accurate shipping charge to your doormat? or the lovely and greatened shipping promise while you're shopping on Amazon? Maybe you've sold an old textbook or extra movie yourself. Selling on Amazon is one of the fas...
Amazon Lab126 is an inventive research and development company that designs and engineers high-profile consumer electronics. Lab126 began in 2004 as a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc., originally creating the best-selling Kindle family of pro...
Job-less.info is a successful search engine for selection of open positions, changing the workplace or advance career in China. Our search engine has a simplified interface, but quite extensive functionality for the mega useful job search. We have collected all current opportunities with the ordinary job search sites into a single aggregator of vacancies. A convenient search of job offers by keyword or existing region will allow finding exactly what you want just in a few seconds.
Looking for bidwill members browse the profiles below to find your perfect date start flirting and arrange to meet up this week our site has hundreds of members who have always been. Meet gay men for a night of passion in new south wales squirtorg can help you arrange a gay hook-up, meet gay men online and find local gay men for sex. Local oklahoma swingers and dogging sex contacts browse our free sex personals according to region gay male ladyboy non post op tgirl.
In the category personals castle hill (sydney) you can find 129 personals ads, eg: friendship, women seeking men or men seeking women. Look through the profiles of member singles that have joined gay connecticut singles that are tagged with valentine dating other members who have similar interests is a pefect way to find. Kellyville's best 100% free gay dating site want to meet single gay men in kellyville, oklahoma mingle2's gay kellyville personals are the free and easy way to find other kellyville gay.
Browse listings of gay members here at gay mississippi singles that are tagged with brunette meeting other singles that have similar interests is a great way to come up with ideas to do on. I like the arts i'm trying to learn german, i'm a senior in high school, i'm kinda like a mom friend but extra gay i'm hella bi and libra if anyone wants to know. Homeworld kellyville 13 magrath “i have been really happy with the level of finishes and inclusions that modernview homes include as part single storey.
Kellyville men seeking men on pridedating | meet gay men and gay women for relationships. Kellyville change city news titled driver injured in single-car they not find empty beer cans and a small bag of meth with gay porn in the carare we just. Look through the profiles of male members that have joined meet gay rich men that are associated with bareback talking to other singles that have like minded interests is an ideal way to. Look through the listings of member members that have joined gay montana singles that are tagged with cheater talking to other members who have like minded interests is a great way to find. Hillsguy39, 42yo single male from kellyville, nsw gay dating cruise for local gay, bi and curious men for casual dating, hookups, webcam chat & more.
Look through the listings of member singles that have joined nude dating that male kellyville, experienced bisexual male looking for a hung bi or gay sugar. Dating other singles that have like minded interests is a pefect male kellyville, experienced bisexual male looking for a hung bi or gay sugar daddy for. Browse profiles of member singles that have joined gay pen pals that are associated with filipino dating other singles who have similar male kellyville,. Kellygirl is divorced and looking to meet men from kellyville, sydney, nsw real and ready to move on with the next stage of your life sums it up best being open-minded with a cheeky sense.
Browse profiles of male members here at gay montana singles that are tagged with teen male kellyville, new south wales,. Browse member photo profiles & hook - up with men from kellyville, nsw on gay match maker.
Mingle2's kellyville personals are full of single guys in kellyville looking for girlfriends and dates kellyville gay personals. Oklahoma men seeking men on pridedating | meet gay men and gay women for relationships. We have 1000's of singles that just can't wait to date someone exactly like you, iranian singles in kellyville ridge single iranian guys single gay iranian.
Cdff (christian dating for free) largest nebraska christian dating app/site 100% free to join, 100% free messaging find christian nebraska singles near you.
Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of christian singles in moffett field, ca join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more.
Sunol's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in sunol with mingle2's sunol dating services find a girlfriend or lover in sunol, or just have fun flirting.
Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of christian singles in tracy, ca join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages.
Meet sunol singles online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find personals & casual encounters in sunol. Sunol's best 100% free singles dating site meet thousands of singles in sunol with mingle2's free personal ads and chat rooms our network of single men and women in sunol is the perfect. Hiking at sunol regional wildernessdate: saturday, from christian singles outdoor public group canceled saturday, april 28, 2018 10:00 am to 4:00 pm.
Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of nonsmoking single men in sunol, ca join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more.
Why wait when you know, you know melissa gutierrez and trevor hinshaw were both raised in christian homes, five minutes on a dating site june 9. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of parents single men in sunol, ne join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more. Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of singles in sunol, ca join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any. Cdff (christian dating for free) largest san-diego, california christian singles dating app/site 100% free to meet birmingham christian singles near you today.
yoga ball chair frame office unique exercise chairs best reviews depot,ball desk chairs stability office chair workouts exercise yoga with arms pregnancy benefits,yoga ball chair stand reviews posture terrific office chairs furniture at for,yoga ball chair for office best reviews students online shop balance exercise adjusted,best yoga ball chair reviews stand exercise from professional strength for office,yoga ball chair with arms exercise black sports outdoors for office depot,adjustable custom fit balance ball chair yoga with arms stand benefits,best yoga ball chair reviews desk benefits using a for office posture,top 7 best yoga ball chairs reviews in chair office depot health benefits of desk,yoga ball desk chair benefits for students with arms base.
, picks the best selections having greatest resolution exclusively for you, and this pictures is usually one of graphics selections inside our ideal graphics gallery in relation to Frais Meubles Belges
МОМЕНТАЛЬНО ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ ССЫЛКУ НА АКТИВАЦИЮ ГИФТА Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 в Steam БЕЗ РЕГИОНАЛЬНЫХ ОГРАНИЧЕНИЙ (Rest Of World (ROW) - Region Free Steam Gift)! row-gift you can activate and launch the game in all countries of world Об игре: Самая успешная серия шутеров с видом от первого лица возвращается с эпичным сиквелом к лауреату нескольких званий «Игра года», Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2. Сможете ли вы сделать то, что от вас требуется в самый темный час для мира? Приготовьтесь к кинематографичному поразительному путешествию, которое доступно только в Call of Duty. Значительная многопользовательская часть теперь стала еще больше и лучше вместе с новыми картами, игровыми режимами и возможностями. Режим кооперативной игры даст игрокам возможность побороться в новых спецоперациях за место лучшего игрока в таблицах рекордов, а режим «Выживание» наполнит поле действий невиданным экшеном.
Pat Mitchell: You have brought us images from the Yemen Times. And take us through those, and introduce us to another Yemen.
Nadia Al-Sakkaf: Well, I'm glad to be here. And I would like to share with you all some of the pictures that are happening today in Yemen. This picture shows a revolution started by women, and it shows women and men leading a mixed protest. The other picture is the popularity of the real need for change. So many people are there. The intensity of the upspring. This picture shows that the revolution has allowed opportunities for training, for education. These women are learning about first aid and their rights according to the constitution.
I love this picture. I just wanted to show that over 60 percent of the Yemeni population are 15 years and below. And they were excluded from decision-making, and now they are in the forefront of the news, raising the flag. English -- you will see, this is jeans and tights, and an English expression -- the ability to share with the world what is going on in our own country. And expression also, it has brought talents. Yemenis are using cartoons and art, paintings, comics, to tell the world and each other about what's going on.
Obviously, there's always the dark side of it. And this is just one of the less-gruesome pictures of the revolution and the cost that we have to pay. The solidarity of millions of Yemenis across the country just demanding the one thing. And finally, lots of people are saying that Yemen's revolution is going to break the country. Is it going to be so many different countries? Is it going to be another Somalia? But we want to tell the world that, no, under the one flag, we'll still remain as Yemeni people.
PM: Thank you for those images, Nadia. And they do, in many ways, tell a different story than the story of Yemen, the one that is often in the news. And yet, you yourself defy all those characterizations. So let's talk about the personal story for a moment. Your father is murdered. The Yemen Times already has a strong reputation in Yemen as an independent English language newspaper. How did you then make the decision and assume the responsibilities of running a newspaper, especially in such times of conflict?
NA: Well, let me first warn you that I'm not the traditional Yemeni girl. I've guessed you've already noticed this by now. (Laughter) In Yemen, most women are veiled and they are sitting behind doors and not very much part of the public life. But there's so much potential. I wish I could show you my Yemen. I wish you could see Yemen through my eyes. Then you would know that there's so much to it. And I was privileged because I was born into a family, my father would always encourage the boys and the girls. He would say we are equal. And he was such an extraordinary man. And even my mother -- I owe it to my family. A story: I studied in India. And in my third year, I started becoming confused because I was Yemeni, but I was also mixing up with a lot of my friends in college. And I went back home and I said, "Daddy, I don't know who I am. I'm not a Yemeni; I'm not an Indian." And he said, "You are the bridge." And that is something I will keep in my heart forever. So since then I've been the bridge, and a lot of people have walked over me.
NA: But it just helps tell that some people are change agents in the society. And when I became editor-in-chief after my brother actually -- my father passed away in 1999, and then my brother until 2005 -- and everybody was betting that I will not be able to do it. "What's this young girl coming in and showing off because it's her family business," or something. It was very hard at first. I didn't want to clash with people. But with all due respect to all the men, and the older men especially, they did not want me around. It was very hard, you know, to impose my authority. But a woman's got to do what a woman's got to do.
(Applause) Brought in more women. Brought in younger men. And we have a more gender-balanced newsroom today. The other thing is that it's about professionalism. It's about proving who you are and what you can do. And I don't know if I'm going to be boasting now, but in 2006 alone, we won three international awards. One of them is the IPI Free Media Pioneer Award. So that was the answer to all the Yemeni people. And I want to score a point here, because my husband is in the room over there. If you could please stand up, [ unclear ] . He has been very supportive of me. (Applause)
PM: And we should point out that he works with you as well at the paper. But in assuming this responsibility and going about it as you have, you have become a bridge between an older and traditional society and the one that you are now creating at the paper. And so along with changing who worked there, you must have come up against another positioning that we always run into, in particular with women, and it has to do with outside image, dress, the veiled woman. So how have you dealt with this on a personal level as well as the women who worked for you?
NA: As you know, the image of a lot of Yemeni women is a lot of black and covered, veiled women. And this is true. And a lot of it is because women are not able, are not free, to show their face to their self. It's a lot of traditional imposing coming by authority figures such as the men, the grandparents and so on. And it's economic empowerment and the ability for a woman to say, "I am as much contributing to this family, or more, than you are." And the more empowered the women become, the more they are able to remove the veil, for example, or to drive their own car or to have a job or to be able to travel.
So the other face of Yemen is actually one that lies behind the veil, and it's economic empowerment mostly that allows the woman to just uncover it. And I have done this throughout my work. I've tried to encourage young girls. We started with, you can take it off in the office. And then after that, you can take it off on assignments. Because I didn't believe a journalist can be a journalist with -- how can you talk to people if you have your face covered? -- and so on; it's just a movement.
And I am a role model in Yemen. A lot of people look up to me. A lot of young girls look up to me. And I need to prove to them that, yes, you can still be married, you can still be a mother, and you can still be respected within the society, but at the same time, that doesn't mean you [ should ] just be one of the crowd. You can be yourself and have your face.
PM: But by putting yourself personally out there -- both projecting a different image of Yemeni women, but also what you have made possible for the women who work at the paper -- has this put you in personal danger?
NA: Well the Yemen Times, across 20 years, has been through so much. We've suffered prosecution; the paper was closed down more than three times. It's an independent newspaper, but tell that to the people in charge. They think that if there's anything against them, then we are being an opposition newspaper. And very, very difficult times. Some of my reporters were arrested. We had some court cases. My father was assassinated. Today, we are in a much better situation. We've created the credibility. And in times of revolution or change like today, it is very important for independent media to have a voice. It's very important for you to go to YemenTimes.com, and it's very important to listen to our voice.
And this is probably something I'm going to share with you in Western media probably -- and how there's a lot of stereotypes -- thinking of Yemen in one single frame: this is what Yemen is all about. And that's not fair. It's not fair for me; it's not fair for my country. A lot of reporters come to Yemen and they want to write a story on Al-Qaeda or terrorism. And I just wanted to share with you: there's one reporter that came. He wanted to do a documentary on what his editors wanted. And he ended up writing about a story that even surprised me -- hip hop -- that there are young Yemeni men who express themselves through dancing and puchu puchu.
(Laughter) That thing. (PM: Rap. Break dancing.) Yeah, break dancing. I'm not so old. I'm just not in touch. (Laughter)
PM: ShaketheDust.org. And it definitely does give a different image of Yemen. You spoke about the responsibility of the press. And certainly, when we look at the ways in which we have separated ourselves from others and we've created fear and danger, often from lack of knowledge, lack of real understanding, how do you see the way that the Western press in particular is covering this and all other stories out of the region, but in particular, in your country?
NA: Well there is a saying that says, "You fear what you don't know, and you hate what you fear." So it's about the lack of research, basically. It's almost, "Do your homework," -- some involvement. And you can not do parachute reporting -- just jump into a country for two days and think that you've done your homework and a story. So I wish that the world would know my Yemen, my country, my people. I am an example, and there are others like me. We may not be that many, but if we are promoted as a good, positive example, there will be others -- men and women -- who can eventually bridge the gap -- again, coming to the bridge -- between Yemen and the world and telling first about recognition and then about communication and compassion.
I think Yemen is going to be in a very bad situation in the next two or three years. It's natural. But after the two years, which is a price we are willing to pay, we are going to stand up again on our feet, but in the new Yemen with a younger and more empowered people -- democratic.
PM: Nadia, I think you've just given us a very different view of Yemen. And certainly you yourself and what you do have given us a view of the future that we will embrace and be grateful for. And the very best of luck to you. YemenTimes.com.
And I would like to share/ with you/ all some of the pictures/ that are happening today/ in Yemen.//
This picture shows/ a revolution started by women,/ and it shows women and men/ leading a mixed protest.//
And they were excluded from decision-making,/ and now/ they are in the forefront of the news,/ raising the flag.//
English --/ you will see,/ this is jeans and tights,/ and an English expression --/ the ability to share with the world/ what is going on/ in our own country.//
Yemenis are using cartoons and art,/ paintings,/ comics,/ to tell the world/ and each other/ about what's going on.//
And this is just one of the less-gruesome pictures of the revolution/ and the cost/ that we have to pay.//
But we want to tell/ the world/ that,/ no,/ under the one flag,/ we'll still remain/ as Yemeni people.//
And they do,/ in many ways,/ tell a different story/ than the story of Yemen,/ the one/ that is often in the news.//
The Yemen Times already has a strong reputation/ in Yemen/ as an independent English language newspaper.//
How did you then make the decision/ and assume the responsibilities of running a newspaper,/ especially/ in such times of conflict?//
(Laughter)/ In Yemen,/ most women are veiled/ and they are sitting behind doors and not very much part of the public life.//
And I was privileged/ because I was born into a family,/ my father would always encourage the boys and the girls.//
And/ in my third year,/ I started becoming/ confused/ because I was Yemeni,/ but I was also mixing up/ with a lot of my friends/ in college.//
And when I became editor-in-chief/ after my brother actually --/ my father passed away/ in 1999,/ and then/ my brother/ until 2005 --/ and everybody was betting/ that I will not be able to do it.//
"What's this young girl/ coming in/ and showing off/ because it's her family business,/"/ or something.//
But/ with all due respect/ to all the men,/ and the older men especially,/ they did not want me around.//
And I don't know/ if I'm going to be boasting now,/ but in 2006 alone,/ we won three international awards.//
But in assuming this responsibility/ and going about it/ as you have,/ you have become a bridge/ between an older and traditional society/ and the one/ that you are now creating at the paper.//
And so along/ with changing/ who worked there,/ you must have come up/ against another positioning/ that we always run into,/ in particular/ with women,/ and it has to do/ with outside image,/ dress,/ the veiled woman.//
NA:/ As you know,/ the image of a lot of Yemeni women is a lot of black and covered,/ veiled women.//
And a lot of it is/ because women are not able,/ are not free,/ to show their face/ to their self.//
It's a lot of traditional imposing/ coming by authority figures/ such as the men,/ the grandparents/ and so on.//
And it's economic empowerment/ and the ability/ for a woman/ to say,/ "I am as much contributing to this family,/ or more,/ than you are."//
And the more empowered/ the women become,/ the more/ they are able to remove the veil,/ for example,/ or to drive their own car/ or to have a job/ or to be able to travel.//
So the other face of Yemen is actually one/ that lies behind the veil,/ and it's economic empowerment mostly/ that allows the woman/ to just uncover it.//
Because I didn't believe/ a journalist can be a journalist with --/ how can you talk to people/ if you have your face covered?// --/ and so on;/ it's just/ a movement.//
And I need to prove/ to them/ that,/ yes,/ you can still be married,/ you can still be a mother,/ and you can still be respected within the society,/ but at the same time,/ that doesn't mean you [ should ] just be one of the crowd.//
PM:/ But by putting yourself personally out there --/ both projecting a different image of Yemeni women,/ but also/ what you have made possible/ for the women/ who work at the paper --/ has this put you/ in personal danger?//
And/ in times of revolution or change/ like today,/ it is very important/ for independent media/ to have a voice.//
It's very important/ for you/ to go to YemenTimes.com,/ and it's very important/ to listen to our voice.//
And this is probably something/ I'm going to share/ with you/ in Western media probably --/ and how there's a lot of stereotypes --/ thinking of Yemen/ in one single frame:/ this is/ what Yemen is all about.//
And he ended up/ writing about a story/ that even surprised me --/ hip hop --/ that there are young Yemeni men/ who express themselves/ through dancing and puchu puchu.//
And certainly,/ when we look at the ways/ in which we have separated ourselves/ from others/ and we've created fear and danger,/ often/ from lack of knowledge,/ lack of real understanding,/ how do you see the way that/ the Western press/ in particular is covering this and all other stories/ out of the region,/ but in particular,/ in your country?//
NA:/ Well/ there is a saying/ that says,/ "You fear/ what you don't know,/ and you hate/ what you fear."//
And you can not do parachute reporting --/ just jump into a country/ for two days/ and think/ that you've done your homework and a story.//
We may not be/ that many,/ but/ if we are promoted as a good, positive example,/ there will be others --/ men and women --/ who can eventually bridge the gap --/ again,/ coming to the bridge --/ between Yemen/ and the world/ and telling first/ about recognition/ and then/ about communication and compassion.//
I used that site earlier and made a thread in TBN. That time they were url shortener site. They paid a good amount like 7.5$/1000 views. you can see that post of mine. But this time they bring a new service "Screen Capture That pays". you can capture a screen or upload a image. They will pay $9/1000 views this time. You have to put the captcha to view the image.
3. It will take some hours to reach $5.00 (minimum threshold). Request a cashout and wait for your payment. If you receive your payment you can continue your work.
In your firefox homepage, set link as shown in the picture. It will open 5 links at a time whenever you open firefox.
CRT signs agreement with CiMass for the development of a monoclonal antibody in the treatment of cancer | Commercial Partnerships | Cancer Research UK
Home News and EventsCRT signs agreement with CiMass for the development of a monoclonal antibody in the treatment of cancer
CRT signs agreement with CiMass for the development of a monoclonal antibody in the treatment of cancer
CRT has signed an agreement with CiMass, under which CiMass will test a proprietary monoclonal antibody in combination with natural killer cells for the treatment of cancer.
CiMaas is developing cellular immunotherapy for various cancer patients, including natural killer cells for adoptive transfer to patients with breast cancer and multiple myeloma. Natural killer cells are able to efficiently kill cancer cells, but this killing can still be enhanced by addition of monoclonal antibodies. The current agreement allows CiMaas to further develop a monoclonal antibody directed against an undisclosed target to enhance the immune response mediated by natural killer cells to tumour tissue.
CiMaas will use additional technology to improve the antibody and test its efficacy in proof of concept experiments. Under the agreement CiMaas receives one year exclusivity to explore the antibody’s functionality in natural killer cell-related therapies and CRT receives a signature fee in return.
Styled President of the Republic after 1871, except from 1940–44 (Chief of State) and 1944–47 (Chairman of the Provisional Government)
Categories: 1851 births | 1923 deaths | People from Le Puy-en-Velay | Prime Ministers of France | Alumni of the École Normale Supérieure
The concept of pressure points is present in old school (17th century) Japanese martial arts and is claimed to have an even earlier history; in a 1942 article in the Shin Budo magazine, Takuma Hisa Sensei asserted the existence of a tradition attributing the first development of pressure-point attacks to Shinra Saburō Minamoto no Yoshimitsu (1045–1127).[2]
Handcock and Higashi (1905) published a book which pointed out a number of vital points in Japanese martial arts.[3]
Exaggerated accounts of pressure-point fighting have appeared in Chinese Wuxia fiction, and became known by the name of Dim Mak or "Death Touch" in western popular culture from the 1960s. One of the best known uses of pressure-point fighting was known to Trekkies as the "Vulcan nerve pinch." While it is undisputed that there are sensitive points on the human body where even comparatively weak pressure may induce significant pain or serious injury, the association of kyūsho with esotericist notions of qi, acupuncture or reflexology is controversial.[4]
There are several types of pressure points - each is applied differently and each creates a different effect. "Pain points", for example, use tendons, ligaments, and muscles - the goal to temporarily immobilize the target, or at the very least to distract them. Reflex points produce involuntary movements, for example causing the hand to release its grip, the knees to buckle, or the target to gag, or even for the person to be knocked unconscious. [5] Most pressure points are located on pathways on the nervous system.
Some pressure points produce pain when struck, pressed, or rubbed depending on the point itself. While the distraction of pain might offer sufficient advantage in a fight, additionally the body has a Pain withdrawal reflex whereby it reacts to pain by moving away from the source.[6] Martial artists can make use of this through minimal effort.[7] Applying pressure to the collar bone from above will cause the subject to move downwards, whereas poking them upwards in the gap between the ear and neck will make their body want to move upwards. Pressure to the shoulder causes that side of the body to move back. A jab to the abdomen in the middle of the stomach will cause some people to twist around, away from the pain. A rapid impact - say from an elbow or fist - to the solar plexus can easily knock all the air straight out of a victim, leaving them gasping for air and unable to move. A rub down the back will cause the body to move forwards. Some points react more violently to pain from changes in the pressure (rubbing) rather than constant pressure. Applying pressure to the nose, the temple or the testicles will also cause significant pain.
The baroreceptors in the carotid artery are pressure-sensitive, supplying the brain with information to control systemic blood pressure. Pressure against this region will send signals which indicate that blood pressure is too high and lead to a lowering of blood pressure.[8] Therefore striking this area can cause unconsciousness using the same mechanism, also relying on the force being transmitted to the reticular activating system.[9]
There are certain areas which are likely to lead to a break if struck properly, such as the "floating ribs", the philtrum, and the side of the knee.
There are joints that when struck, can be hyper-extended and even tear. This is a technique which can cause permanent damage to one's opponent. There are two types:
Brute force: This takes advantage of the vulnerability of the strike point, usually a joint, thereby causing the damage.
Golgi organs: A relatively gentle strike to the Golgi tendon at the back of the elbow, for example, triggers a reflex which immediately relaxes that tendon allowing the elbow to bend more easily in the wrong direction. If this is immediately followed by a solid strike to the elbow joint, the elbow can be broken with significantly less effort than through brute force.
The brain is a sensitive organ which floats in a fluid (cerebrospinal fluid) and balances on a very flexible spine. These safety mechanisms allow the head to take substantial impact without resulting in concussion, but which can still cause permanent brain damage. However, martial art techniques can be delivered in a way which effectively eliminates such protections, thus causing disorientation or instantaneous knockout. The most commonly taught technique involves a strike just below the occipital ridge, at the correct angle in the correct direction. Another well known point with this effect is the chin or lower jaw, giving rise to the boxing expression: a "glass jaw".[10] The same effect of knocking somebody unconscious may be achieved by using the edge of the hand (palm-up) to apply a sharp strike to the carotid artery.
Some believe there are energy channels (acupuncture meridians) which allow Ki to flow through the body. Acupuncture is the best known use of the meridian system. Traditional Chinese medicine practices are largely based on the idea that meridians are specific pathway lines in the human body, along which are found many hundreds of acupressure points. There is no physically verifiable anatomical or histological basis for the existence of Ki, acupuncture points or meridians.[4][11]
According to these legends, attacks will impact the flow of Ki, and thus the body. Therefore pressing, seizing or striking these points with specific intent and at certain angles is believed to cause either a heightening or diminishing of Ki circulation in the body. Arts such as Bak Mei and Bok Foo Pai utilize this strategy almost exclusively in combat.
^ Takuma Hisa Sensei, Shin Budo magazine, November 1942. republished as Hisa, Takuma (Summer 1990). "Daito-Ryu Aiki Budo". Aiki News 85. http://www.aikidojournal.com/article.php?articleID=497. Retrieved 2007-07-18. "Yoshimitsu [...] dissected corpses brought back from wars in order to explore human anatomy and mastered a decisive counter-technique as well as discovering lethal atemi. Yoshimitsu then mastered a technique for killing with a single blow. Through such great efforts, he mastered the essence of aiki and discovered the secret techniques of Aiki Budo. Therefore, Yoshimitsu is the person who is credited with being the founder of the original school of Daito-ryu."
^ a b Felix Mann: "...acupuncture points are no more real than the black spots that a drunkard sees in front of his eyes." (Mann F. Reinventing Acupuncture: A New Concept of Ancient Medicine. Butterworth Heinemann, London, 1996,14.), quoted by Matthew Bauer in Chinese Medicine Times, vol 1 issue 4, Aug. 2006, "The Final Days of Traditional Beliefs? - Part One"
Hidden categories: All articles lacking reliable references | Articles lacking reliable references from July 2009 | Articles with unsourced statements from February 2009 | All articles with unsourced statements | Articles that may contain original research from February 2009 | Articles containing Japanese language text | Articles containing non-English language text | Articles containing Chinese language text | Articles with unsourced statements from October 2008
[NOTE: The following article is a press release issued by the aforementioned network and/or company. Any errors, typos, etc. are attributed to the original author. The release is reproduced solely for the dissemination of the enclosed information.]
"Pilot" - Cedric the Entertainer, Max Greenfield, Beth Behrs and Tichina Arnold star in a comedy about what happens when Dave Johnson (Greenfield)
, a friendly guy from the Midwest, moves his family to a Los Angeles neighborhood next door to Calvin Butler (Cedric)
, who's concerned the Johnsons will disrupt the culture on the block and doesn't appreciate Dave's extreme neighborliness, on the series premiere of THE NEIGHBORHOOD, Monday, Oct. 1, (8:00-8:30 PM, ET/PT) on the CBS Television Network. Sheaun McKinney, Marcel Spears and Hank Greenspan also star.
Dave Johnson is a good-natured professional conflict negotiator. When his wife Gemma gets a job as a school principal in L.A., they move from Michigan with their young son, Grover, unfazed that their new dream home is located in a community quite different from their small town. Their opinionated next-door neighbor, Calvin, is wary of the newcomers, while Calvin's gracious wife, Tina, rolls out the welcome wagon. Their chipper younger son, Marty, thinks the Johnsons could be good for the community, and their unemployed older son, Malcolm, finds that Dave may finally be someone who understands him. Dave realizes that fitting into their new community is more complex than he expected, but if he can find a way to connect with Calvin, they have an excellent chance of making their new neighborhood their home.
(from CBS's press release, May 2018) THE NEIGHBORHOOD stars Cedric the Entertainer as an opinionated neighbor in a comedy about what happens when the friendliest guy in the Midwest moves his family to a neighborhood in Los Angeles where not everyone looks like him or appreciates his extreme neighborliness. When Dave Johnson (Max Greenfield) and his family arrive from Michigan, they're unfazed that their new dream home is located in a community quite different from their small town. However, their opinionated next-door neighbor, Calvin Butler (Cedric the Entertainer), is wary of the newcomers, certain that they'll disrupt the culture on the block. Dave realizes that fitting into their new community is more complex than he expected, but if he can find a way to connect with Calvin, they have an excellent chance of making their new neighborhood their home. Jim Reynolds, Aaron Kaplan, Dana Honor (Kapital Entertainment), Wendi Trilling, Cedric the Entertainer, Eric Rhone and James Burrows (pilot) are executive producers for CBS Television Studios. Burrows directed the pilot from a script by Reynolds.
Both comedies, "Clatterford" and "The Life and Times of Vivienne Vyle," will launch on BBC America next year.
Hallmark Channel's Original Holiday Movie Premiere, "The Christmas Card," Ranks #1 in Prime Time and Wins the Day on Saturday, December 2
ABC Announces the Premieres of New Comedies "The Knights of Prosperity" and "In Case of Emergency," Wednesday, January 3
In addition: "Lost" will return at a new time, 10:00/9:00c, on Wednesday, February 7 with all original episodes.
He'll play Chad Barry, a potential love interest for Matthew Rhys's character, in an upcoming episode entitled "Sexual Politics."
Other musical acts for the 35th consecutive year of the special will include Fergie, Natasha Bedingfield, Meat Loaf and Latin music phenomenon RBD.
Original programming highlights include the "Del Webb Father/Son Challenge," "2006 ADT Golf Skills Challenge" and "Hilton Family Skating and Gymnastics Spectacular."
The-N.com's "The Click" to feature new, exclusive webisodes and behind-the-scenes footage every Friday leading up to the two-part finale.
Each episode is a "hilarious, short-form parody that uses the technique of first person camera to capture a celebrity's distinct point-of-view."
TNT Teams with Executive Producers Steven Spielberg and Kathleen Kennedy and Dreamworks Television for Mystical Adventure Adapted from Stephen King and Peter Straub's the Talisman
The six-hour limited series, from the team behind "Into the West" and "Taken," will premiere in the summer of 2008.
Also, viewers can watch a day in the life of model Miranda Kerr and Alessandra Ambrosio's own photo journal on CBS.com.
Ben Stiller and Carla Gugino Stand Watch in "Reel Comedy: Night at the Museum" Premiering Monday, December 18 at 8:30 P.M. on Comedy Central(R)
The special is hosted by comedian Patton Oswalt, who acts as a private guide for viewers when he meets up with the film's star, Ben Stiller.
Love, Longing and Lots of Sand When Amanda Bynes Finds Herself 'Lovewrecked' January 21st on ABC Family
The network plans to launch two new one-hour anthology blocks in January: "Real Mysteries," a block of dramatic mystery-themed programming, and "WE Spotlight," a selection of original and acquired series and specials.
"I'm thrilled to be continuing on at CBS," said Letterman. "At my age you really don't want to have to learn a new commute."
Eminent Artists from Broadway, Nashville, Motown, Hollywood and Around the Globe Converge in Washington, D.C. to Salute This Year's Honorees at "The 29th Annual Kennedy Center Honors," to Be Broadcast Tuesday, DeC. 26 on the CBS Television Network
Viewers Are Invited to Unwrap Special Encore Episodes of the Hit CBS Comedies "How I Met Your Mother" and "Two and a Half Men," on Christmas Night, Monday, DeC. 25
On Wednesday, November 29, the series delivered its largest audience to date with 17.95 million viewers tuning in.
"Saturday Night Live" will feature two top ten musical performances with the late addition of chart-topping hip-hop artist Akon to the December 9 show.
In addition: the network confirms the "Stargates" and "Painkiller Jane" are set for Friday nights in April.
Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears, Paris Hilton and Kiefer Sutherland Win 'Big' at 'VH1 Big in '06 Awards' Premiering Sunday, December 3 at 9 PM*
Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears, Paris Hilton and Kiefer Sutherland were among the 'big' winners at the show.
Itunes Provides a Sneak Peak to Fans of NBC's Returning 'Scrubs' with a First Look of the Upcoming Musical Episode
The first look is a video montage set to the original song "Guy Love," sung by cast members Donald Faison and Zach Braff concerning their characters' unique friendship.
The CW will plans to air two specials highlighting the first two seasons of "Britain's Next Top Model."
TVlanD.com to Air Full-Length Episodes of Marlo Thomas's Ground-Breaking Series That Girl and Emmy Award-Winning Special Free to Be ... You and Me Throughout December
A 48-hour weekend marathon of its most popular episodes also airs Saturday, December 9 and Sunday, December 10.
NBC Tells '30 Rock' to Rock on for Remainder of 2006-07 as Freshman Comedy Receives Full-Season Pickup
Midseason dramas "Raines" and "The Black Donnellys" reportedly will take over "Las Vegas" and "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip's" time periods - Fridays at 9:00/8:00c and Mondays at 10:00/9:00c respectively - in March.
In addition, legendary Chicago Cubs stadium Wrigley Field and Jeannie Noth Gaffigan, Jim Gaffigan's real life wife, will also appear on the show's January 16 season finale.
"March of the Penguins" premiere drives the network to fifth place in primetime among all ad-supported cable networks.
With the Only Gains Among the Major Networks, NBC Jumps 15 Percent to a #2 Finish in the November Sweep
"Full Frontal with Samantha Bee" Presents "Christmas on I.C.E." - Holiday Special to Air Wednesday, December 19 at 10:30pm ET/PT on TBS
Bee will be joined at New York's historic PlayStation Theater by special guests including skating superstar and Olympic medalist Adam Rippon.
Matt "Money" Smith, the voice of the L.A. Chargers play-by-play, and Maria Taylor, ESPN host and reporter, will serve as commentators.
"Big Questions, Huge Answers with Jon Dore" One-Hour Special Premieres December 3 at 11:30pm ET/PT on Comedy Central
The special follows Dore as he workshops creative, if foolhardy, solutions to "the two biggest threats to our children's safety: cyberbullying and predatory teachers."
Artists from Kendrick Lamar to Post Malone to Zedd and many more have performed at SnowGlobe, which is highlighted by its iconic countdown party at midnight on New Year's Eve.
Set in modern day Paris, the eight-episode romantic comedy series follows a group of friends who rally around their perpetually single girlfriend Elsa, who can't seem to figure out why she is so unlucky in love.
Living to the Limit, Glamour and Violence in the Barcelona of the 1960s - Discover the Universe of the New Netflix Production, "Hache"
In addition to filming in Barcelona, the team will also travel to Manresa, Terrassa, Tarragona and other locations in Catalonia in order to recreate that decade.
Home-bakers with a terrible track record take a shot at recreating edible holiday masterpieces for a $10,000 prize.
I know the headband craze has circling for a while and most think it has served its time but I still can't get enough of it. There is something about the look that is so sexy and free to me. I personally have yet to master it but I am hoping some of you are still sharing the same affection towards it as I am. Free People got it sooo right with this beaded headband. I am infatuated with the sea blue color. So lovely. If anyone was some good tips on how to gt this look right, I'd love to hear them!
The Glass Closet is a mish-mash of fashion, style, home, and beauty blogging. We love to shop and have the style and fashion intuition to prove it. We offer the benefits of a daily blog that shows you the hottest pieces in online shopping. What will you discover today?!
Email your questions and our fashion experts will post your question with a response. Consider us your Online Personal Shopper.
Blog Archive April (1) January (1) November (2) September (2) August (4) April (2) March (2) February (1) December (3) October (5) September (6) August (4) July (13) June (6) May (9) April (7) March (6) February (7) January (20) December (8) November (8) October (16) September (11) August (9) July (4) June (8) May (6) April (20) March (15) February (14) January (25) December (8) November (14) October (20) September (22) August (14) July (8) June (13) May (16) April (19) March (26) February (23) January (22) December (18) November (22) October (24) September (28) August (17) July (16) June (13) May (20) April (20) March (18) February (27) January (29) December (32) November (43) October (59)
I value your privacy as much as you do. Any information you share with this site will not be sold, traded, bartered or given away, but will be used to contact you. I may use this information to tell you about recommended products and services that I think will help you.
I do my best to bring you timely and accurate information. With that said, no one is ever 100% correct, me included. Things change and information on this blog may change by the time you read it or I might have changed my opinion.
With that said, by using this website you agree to hold harmless the owner, authors, advertisers or anyone else associated with this blog. You also agree to do your own due diligence before acting on any information contained in this blog. You agree to be held responsible for your own actions and agree that this blog and anyone associated with it are not responsible for any information you decide to use. This blog is for entertainment purposes only.
Main Menu Home Accommodation- Sleep 3 Apartment- Sleep 4 Apartment- Sleep 5 Apartment- Sleep 6 Apartment- Frequently Asked Questions What We Offer- Frequently Asked Questions Things To Do- The Great Western Greenway (42km)- Westport House & Pirate Adventure Park- What to do for FREE- Cultural & Historical- Walking- Cycling- Croagh Patrick- Horse Riding- Fishing- Golf- Boat Trips- Water Sports - Adventure Pursuits Local Events- January- February- March- April- May- June- July- August- September- October- November- December Special Offers Longer Stays- 4-12 Weeks- 6 Months + Location Contact Us
All apartments are fully equipped to a four-star standard and include direct dial telephone, multi-channel TV, electric hob and oven, microwave, fridge freezer, dishwasher, washer/dryer, iron, ironing board and hairdryer. An initial set of bed linen and towels is provided.
This apartment is fully equipped to a four-star standard and includes direct dial telephone, multi-channel TV, electric hob and oven, microwave, fridge freezer, dishwasher, washer/dryer, iron, ironing board and hairdryer. An initial set of bed linen and towels is provided.
Buoyed by victory in the Lok Sabha bypolls to Gorakhpur and Phulpur, Samajwadi Party chief Akhilesh Yadav said on Wednesday it was a mandate against both the central and state governments and the results will give a new direction to the national politics.
He credited Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati and allies Nishad Party and Peace Party as well as the Left parties for the victory.
After his party wrested both the seats from the formidable Bharatiya Janata Party, Yadav said the elections were a "mandate on both the governments at the Centre and the state... people have come together to bring BJP's bure din (bad days)".
The SP chief was profuse in expressing his gratitude towards Mayawati, who was once his party's bitterest rival in UP.
"Foremost I want to thank BSP leader Mayawati for her and her party's support in this important fight," he said.
A government which troubles people is pulled down and this government has created problems and led to fear in the people, Yadav said.
"People in lakhs supported us on both the seats. Political messages always come out of elections in Uttar Pradesh and when one of it is the constituency of the chief minister who was undefeated for years, and the other is of the deputy chief minister, then it becomes all the more important. If the people of these areas have so much anger, think what will happen in elections across the country," the former UP chief minister said.
He said the BJP talked about loan waiver for farmers, jobs for the unemployed but GST and demonetisation had created an adverse atmosphere and the Constitution was flouted in a big way.
"No CM or party has flouted the Constitution like this...We (SP and BSP) were termed as snake and mole and I was also termed as Aurangzeb... The BJP government has betrayed the people of the country and state in the name of development and nationalism and people have given a befitting reply," Yadav said.
The SP chief claimed the "BJP's defeat would have been by a margin of lakhs had the elections been held through ballot paper".
Though he did not take any question on alliance in the next Lok Sabha polls, the SP chief said for the time being he wanted to thank all the parties who helped in this "grand" victory. —PTI
This is a placeholder page for Lisa Crosby, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Lisa Crosby.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Lisa Crosby. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Lisa Crosby. We created this page automatically in hopes Lisa Crosby would find it. If you are not Lisa Crosby, but are an alumni of Dollarway High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Dollarway High School	of Pine Bluff, Arkansas
Your online resource to get answers to your product and industry questions. Connect with other professionals in a trusted, secure, environment open to Thomson Reuters customers only.
As of June 1, 2017, Thomson Reuters no longer provides support for Client Bookkeeping Solution. On that date we discontinued phone and email support and we no longer provide application updates. For more information, see the following topics.
The primary documentation for the Client Bookkeeping Solution (CBS) modules is provided in the help topics, which are installed with CBS on the client’s local machine or network. Details on accessing the help topics from within CBS.
Our Help & How-To Center offers quick access to topics from the CS Professional Suite Knowledgebase. From this location, you can find details about using CBS and helping clients with questions they may have about using CBS, such as procedures for completing tasks, tips for increasing productivity or troubleshooting issues, alerts about timely issues, and more.
The most efficient way to find answers to your questions is to take advantage of the robust search engine upon which the Help & How-To Center is built: the Google search engine. When searching for information in the Help & How-To Center, you can use the same strategies you use when you use Google to search for general information on the internet.
From within the Help & How-To Center: Use the search field near the top of a topic. Simply enter a search term or phrase and press ENTER to see a list of related topics that apply to Client Bookkeeping Solution.
To see how easy it is to find information in the Help & How-To Center, try these sample searches, which feature common questions for Client Bookkeeping Solution and tips on narrowing your search if you’re getting too many results.
First, let’s look for knowledgebase topics on Client Bookkeeping Solution. Enter applying a payment in the search field near the top of this topic and press ENTER.
In the search results page, click the Entering and applying payment to an invoice link to open that topic.
Now, let’s explore how to narrow a search. From within the open Entering and applying payment to an invoice topic, enter layouts in the search field and press ENTER.
In the search results page that opens, note the large number of topics retrieved. Rather than scroll through the list, let’s look specifically for information on layouts for invoices by adding invoice after layouts in the search field and pressing ENTER. The search results page now lists only those topics that apply to both of the search strings you entered.
Click the Search Tips link next to the search field to open Google’s "Search Tips" document, which provides additional strategies for effective searching.
If you’re struggling to find what you’re looking for through a standard search, the Help & How-To Center includes the following features that might help.
Browse subjects — Click the Browse Subjects button to view a list of subject categories about Client Bookkeeping Solution. Click a subject to view a list of topics related to that subject.
Focus your search by category: When you select an application, you’ll see a list of categories that you can use to focus your search. Simply mark the appropriate checkboxes, enter your search terms in the search field, and press ENTER.
The help topics that can be opened directly from CBS provide detailed information about learning and using the CBS modules.
Click the Index tab to see a list of index entries. Either type the word you are looking for or scroll through the list.
To see What’s This? help for fields or buttons in the active window or dialog, you can use any of the following methods:
If, as the accountant, you have provided customized help to guide your client when using the CBS modules, the client may access that content from CBS by choosing Help > Help From Your Accountant.
If your CBS client has questions that cannot be answered by using the CBS help or by reviewing the help content provided by the accountant (Help from Your Accountant), the CBS help topics advise the client to contact his or her accountant.
Create a bedroom where your children will feel safe and comfortable in and keep some of the old accents and decorations to remind them of their beginnings. So the baby bedroom paint ideas that worked for your child in the past can be the base of the renovation for your children’s growth. Keep everything organized and teach your children to keep their bedroom uncluttered so that your work will not be in vain. Choose inspiring colours by using a colour wheel and invite your children to participate in this beautiful game of reconstructing their private space. Have fun while redecorating and let us know how it turned out!
Space comes into play with the modern, minimalist look. In order to capture the airy feel of a penthouse apartment, you need to cut the clutter right back. A good way of doing so is to invest in a chic leather bed with drawers. These provide the luxurious modern look with room to hide away all your various bits and pieces. And if you want a large flat-screen TV in your room, look at bed options which will house the TV in the foot of the bed – it’s a great way to achieve the minimalist look.
None who had an experience with it would disagree with the fact that organizing a teenager’s room is among one of the toughest tasks on the entire planet and not just when it concerns to interior design and décor. The idea is not just to stay in constant touch with the changing times and the taste of your kids, but also to create interiors that will grow along with them as their choices seem to alter dramatically with the passage of each year. Therefore, the best way to move forward is to amalgamate their own ideas with smart and savvy furniture that is also cost-effective.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does elpedrallodge claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Bathroom : Square Undermount Bathroom Sink Stainless Steel Double Sink‚ Rectangular Sink‚ Stainless Kitchen Sinks along with Bathrooms
Another reason why freestanding bathtubs are so appreciated is because of the large variety of materials used to build them. A stone bathtub is a very beautiful choice. It has a unique texture and usually rich colors. It would be a perfect centerpiece for the bathroom.
Vintage furniture always gives a room a certain unique flair. A vintage vanity would make your bathroom feel more inviting, cozy and intimate and it would also feel like a part of the home instead of being just a cold small space. This vanity, for example, also has a very nice color and a unique finish.
Remember when shower curtains weren’t fashionable and they only came in a few colors and styles? What was once associated with college dorms and small apartments have now become fashionable and attractive. Depending on your bathroom decor a ruffled fabric will work nicely with your romantic-inspired bathroom or a high contrast colored variety will match the rest of your sleek and modern bathroom nicely. Shower curtains can be pulled back to add visual space to your bathroom interiors and pep up you interiors styling.
When you have little space to design in, a powder room’s pipe work may have to be on show. Boxing it in, to hide it, can take up valuable floor space. In such situations make a virtue of the necessity and accentuate what you would normally prefer to hide, like down pipes and waste pipes. Select brushed stainless steel faucet fixings and a towel rail that matches your basin’s waste pipe. Why not extend the idea and use metalwork for your basin, too? Chrome works well as an alternative to stainless steel. If your powder room is located under a stairwell it can be even more pushed for space than elsewhere. Don’t be put off a clear design ethos just because the ceiling may slope or because the room has an awkward corner to negotiate. Site the toilet at the place where headroom is most restricted. Keep the color scheme light in tone and hang a large mirror to give the feeling of more space. Another good tip it to install a hand wash basin that sits in a corner, so guests don’t have to squeeze past it.
white undermount kitchen sinkporcelain undermount kitchen sinkdouble sinkbathroom sink faucetskitchen sinks for salestainless sinkvessel sink faucetssmall bathroom sinkskitchen sinkwhite kitchen sinksmall undermount bathroom sinkundermount kitchen sinksfarmhouse kitchen sink
I'm currently in year 6 as a K-2 special education resource teacher. I have way more fun than I rightfully should.
This year I've been using an A.MA.ZING new strategy for teaching comprehension of stories with a problem and solution. I learned it from one of my super helpful and generous colleagues Mrs. Wilson. It's called STORY.
Each letter stands for an element of the story. I introduced them one at a time over the course of about two weeks. I have them posted on the bulletin board behind our whole group area for easy reference.
S stands for setting. Each day I say, "S is for setting." My kiddos respond, "Where the story takes place." This card has a different colored border to look like a picture frame. You can bring in framed pictures and talk about the setting of the pictures to introduce this element.
T stands for talking characters. Although not every story has characters that talk, most of them do. The kids always grasp this element pretty easily.
O stands for "Oops! There's a problem!" For the last month I have only read stories that have a very clear problem and solution. More on that later.
R stands for resolve. How did they TRY to fix the problem? Usually there are several attempts before the problem is actually fixed. In this format it is important to keep this step separate from how it is actually resolved.
These are little STORY sticks that you can make give to students. They are color coded to match the posters. Give them to students when doing a read aloud with a problem/solution format. When they hear something that helps them answer one of the STORY question they can hold it up in the air to signal.
As is said before, so far I have focused exclusively on stories that have a clear problem and solution. I have missed reading themed books, however after only four weeks in school my special needs first and second graders can clearly identify these story elements. I think that's a pretty good trade off.
Below you will find a download of my strategy posters as well as a graphic organizer for reader response.
Whew that was a long post! This teacher is beat. Between teaching, my kids' travel soccer team, training for my 5k at 5:30 am BEFORE SCHOOL, and blogging I am whipped. I plan on relaxing a little this weekend; no school stuff. But I have been working on some writers workshop things that I plan on sharing next week, so check back soon!
i've been struggling to find some sort of simple way to teach story elements and this is SOOOOO what i've needed!!! you rock! printed it out all ready and its going in the plans for next week!
I just discovered your blog and I LOVE it! You have so many ideas for centers and things that will be perfect in my 2nd grade room. Thanks for all that you share.
LOVE THESE!!! I wanted to let you know that I gave you the Versatile Blogger Award! You are an amazing source of so many helpful ideas and tips! Thank you for all that you do! :)
AWESOME....hate I didnt find it sooner but oh soooo glad that I did. Thanks for sharing. Can not wait to use :)
Teaching multiple grade levels can get a little tricky. This week I dove into the world of geometric solids AND counting money. I was a tad ...
My students have been VERY into Pete the Cat lately. I have to say, I love him as well. In fact, I just ordered a Pete from Amazon for my cl...
For a few years now, I have been using the CUPS acronym to help my students proofread their sentences. As a resource teacher, my students s...
I borrowed this idea for this game from a cute little activity that I saw at What the Teacher Wants. This game practices telling timed to th...
Since this weekend is going to be super busy (egg hunts, birthday parties and my daughter's prom.) In typical Type A fashion, I though ...
Some of my firsties were working on three letter blends (spr, str, scr, spl to be exact.) I created a word/picture match with a recording s...
Happy Valentine's Day, everybody! I hope you are having a blessed day. I don't know about you guys, but I REALLY need a pick me up. ...
My kiddos have been having the hardest time with r controlled vowels. I decided to take the week off from our regular curriculum to review w...
I have been a busy girl. I took three days off from school (what was I thinking?) to fly to Disneyland for the Tinkerbell Half Marathon. I&#...
Video modeling can be beneficial for all students, but particularly so for those on the autism spectrum. Research shows that video modeling...
If there’s one thing I’ve learned in over 15 years, it’s that it’s what you put on the wall that counts. That’s my entire focus when I make portrait. I had a great session some weeks back for Brooks, Leslie, … Continue reading →
Wall portraits are what we focus on here. So last week Seim Portraits had a booth showcasing them at the Grant Country Fair. Nathan and I traded shifts and kept it manned the entire time. We got to meet … Continue reading →
Site design by Seim Studio's | American Pictorialist | Portraits | Seim Effects LR Presets | PPS Podcast | PPS Links | Powered by WP.
Copyrighted: Gavin slaves very hard to produce this work. Please respect that and his copyrights, so he can continue making stuff. All images and content copyright (c) Gavin Seim. Do not copy or redistribute without permission. Linking to pages is allowed and appreciated. For more info see the legal page. To purchase wall prints or license images please contact us.
With equities sliding to sp'1820 (a level unthinkable just four weeks ago), the VIX exploded this week to a peak of 31.06. Volatility is back, and despite slipping to a Friday low of 20.23, and settling -12.7% @ 21.99, the VIX has confirmed a broader trend change in equities.
So, the week concluded strongly in favour of the equity bulls, as reflected in a VIX that has been whacked lower from the 31s to 21s across just 3 trading days.
Despite the VIX pull back though, last weeks close above the weekly 200MA was decisive, and with the new highs this week, traders should remain focused on the bigger picture, which has now shifted in favour of much lower equity levels.
It would seem that VIX 40s are due in the next multi-week down cycle, which would likely begin somewhere in the sp'1920/50 zone in November.
The broader US equity market closed higher for the second consecutive day, sp +23pts @ 1886, but having cooled from an earlier high of 1898. The two leaders - Trans/R2K, settled +1.5% and -0.3% respectively. Near term outlook is still offering another wave lower to 1815/00 zone.
The closing level should be seen as a real disappointment to the bears, not least in the two leaders, both of which saw very significant net weekly gains of around 3%.
So, this week we saw the low 1800s, along with VIX in the 31s, something that very few had expected as recently as last week.. but what now?
To me, the notion of new historic highs this side of spring 2015 seems nothing less than crazy talk. The monthly charts ARE broken. The damage has been done... and it is not going to be reversed, even with a move to the mid 1900s by early November.
*I hold a minor short-index block across the weekend, but it ain't looking good, with the real threat of a straight run to the 1920/50 zone.. before next wave.
Having built gains from sp'1820 to 1898, US equities have started to cool, with the VIX holding the psy' level of 20. Metals remain a touch weak, Gold -$2. Oil has lost almost all of the opening gains (1.2%), now just +0.2%.
Its been one hell of a dynamic week.. with sp'1820, and a VIX of 31. Just a month ago that seemed impossible to almost everyone... including yours truly.
With one hour to go, equity bears should be looking at least for a close <1880.. something in the 1875/70 zone would be 'useful', and would break the near term up trend.
Similarly, look to the VIX, for a close in the 23/24s which will keep open the door to a sub 5'th wave down to sp'1815/10 next week.
3.09pm chop chop.... bulls struggling to hold the 1880 threshold... the hourly 10MA is 1879....a weekly close in the 1875/70 zone looks very viable, with VIX 24s.
3.39pm.. a close <1880 looks out of range now.... which is pretty depressing. We'll close within the near term up trend... with the threat of 1900s on Monday.
US equities have cooled somewhat from the earlier high of sp'1898, but still remain hugely above the Wed' low of 1820. VIX is clawing back some of the declines, back in the 21s. Notably, the R2K has turned fractionally negative.
*chart 5b remains 'best guess', but I realise after this mornings huge gains, many would be completely dismissive of it.
NFLX -3.5%, despite Cuban calling into clown finance TV to pump his latest 'I will never sell' investment.
2.17pm.. The break <1880 is interesting... but need at least a weekly close under it... VIX 23s imminent
2.34pm.. chop chop..in the low 1880s. Hourly 10MA will be around 1880 in the closing hour..and that will be key to break/hold under.
Equities continue to hold within the near term up trend, having ramped from sp'1820 to 1898. VIX has so far managed to hold the key 20 threshold. Oil is holding moderate gains, +0.4%, but well below opening levels.
Right now, equity bears need a daily close <1880...if not 1870 to offer some hope for early next week.
US indexes continues to battle higher, with the big sp'1900 threshold set to be tested. VIX continues to melt lower, -19% in the 20.20s. With the capital markets in a calmer mood, precious metals are weak, Gold -$6, whilst Oil is holding moderate gains of 0.6%.
*what is especially bizarre is seeing the weekly charts getting close to net weekly gains. The Trans/R2K already are.
Those who believe a key low has been set at sp'1820 should be seeking a straight run to 1920/50 zone.. although I realise, a fair few are completely giving up.. and looking for new historic highs before year end.
Considering the monthly cycles... I still can't agree with that, even with this latest run of almost 4% in just over two days.
US equities have managed a 62pt (3.1%) rally to sp'1892 across just 12 trading hours, and there are already many calling for new historic highs. Yet, this is likely Mr Market just teasing (for once) the bulls. VIX remains smacked lower by -17%, just managing to hold the 20 threshold.
At the very least, equity bears should be seeking a weekly close back under 1870... which frankly, is not expecting too much, considering the recent intraday swings.
US equities open significantly higher, with the sp' back in the 1880s, a full 3% above the Wed' low of 1820. VIX is naturally cooling -16% in the 21s. Metals are weak, Gold -$3, whilst Oil is holding moderate gains of 0.5%.
Good morning. Futures are significantly higher, sp +19pts, we're set to open at 1881. Metals are weak, Gold -$3. Oil is strongly higher for a second day, +1.7%. Recent price structure is still suggestive of a further equity wave lower, before a sustained rally is possible.
So, we're set to open higher, and not surprisingly, I'm already seeing talk of 'new historic highs' within the next few months.
Frankly, to me, this seems ludicrous. One up day, and everyone already loses sight of the bigger picture... seriously?
Equity bears should look for at least a moderately red close. Considering the likely opening gains, the notion of a break <1820 looks out of range for today... so.. those seeking 1815/00 zone, are going to need to wait until next Mon/Tuesday.
Since the Alibaba (now infamous) top of sp'2019 of Sept'19th, equities have seen what appears to be a clear 5 wave decline, with a VIX that has exploded to levels not seen since late 2011. A bounce looks due from 1815/00 zone... back into the sp'1900s.
Market looks set for a marginally lower low (but not all indexes) tomorrow/early Monday. From there, a major bounce... but a bounce...is all it will be.
The week concludes with housing stats and consumer sentiment. The Yellen is due to speak in early morning on 'inequality of economic opportunity'. I don't expect that to be of any real importance.
US equities saw some pretty dynamic swings, rallying from a pre-market low of around sp'1822, to an afternoon peak of 1876, and settling u/c @ 1862. The two leaders - Trans/R2K, settled higher by 1.1% and 1.2% respectively.
The Dow notably closed lower for the sixth consecutive day, I'm not sure how long its been since that kind of downside.
Suffice to say, a day of swings, a strong rally into the afternoon, but late day 'moderate' weakness.
The two leaders - Trans/R2K, continue to suggest a key low in the broader market is increasingly close.
If you have valued the posts on these pages, you can support me via a monthly subscription, which will give you access to my intraday posts at Permabeardoomster.com
Interested in macro-economics and Socio-Politics. Stock-options trader (8 years), Stocks (28 years). Permabearish in nature, but will trade the equity market long, as well as the short side.
Disclaimer: These pages (and especially all charts) are for informational purposes only. Most of the numerical data/calculations 'should' be correct. However, YOU make your own decisions as to if you think any comment or data point/chart is correct or not. All comments posted via Disqus/Google (or any other type) users may/may not be agreed with by yours truly.
I (Permabear Doomster) am not a financial advisor as officially endorsed by any national government, corporation, financial/securities regulatory authority in neither the USA, UK, or any part of the world. None of the posts/comments in these pages are intended as trading/investment advice. They are merely my opinion on where a given market/stock and any other 'instrument, index, etc' may move at any future time.
With equities closing the week on a moderately positive note, the VIX continued to cool, settling -6.2% @ 15.05. Near term outlook is for further equity upside to test the 200dma in the sp'2060s, and that would likely equate to VIX 14/13s.
VIX remains broadly subdued as the equity market continues to claw toward the 200dma of the sp'2060s.
From there... some sig' degree of equity retrace looks probable. At best.. VIX might briefly see the low 20s in early November.
US equity indexes ended the week on a moderately positive note, sp +9pts @ 2033. The two leaders - Trans/R2K, settled -1.6% and u/c respectively. Near term outlook is for further upside to the sp'2040/60 zone... by the next FOMC (Oct' 28th).
*closing hour action: new highs for the week in the closing minutes... kinda unusual for an opex, where we've already seen such a strong run up.
For those in bear land.. another lousy week, as the market continues to claw higher from the 'jobs Friday' low of 1893.
The sp'500 - along with the Dow, NYSE comp', and Nasdaq comp', are set for the third consecutive net weekly gain. There remains notable weakness in the two leaders - Trans/R2K. Oil is battling for a 1% net daily gain... in the $47s.
My 'white flag waving' in the sp'1960s doesn't seem so stupid now... and I'm seriously concerned we'll eventually break through the 200dma on all indexes.... and it sure doesn't have to be on the first attempt.
US equity indexes remain in micro opex chop mode.. and there is zero reason why that will change before the close of today. USD is fractionally higher in the DXY 94.40s... with Gold -$1. Oil continues to see swings... now +0.6%, but still net lower on the week by around -5%.
So, a rather powerful net weekly decline for Oil of around -5%.. which is roughly a 50% retrace of last week. It will be important to see Oil re-take and HOLD the $50 threshold before end month.
As many realise.. the equity market is often swayed by Oil.. so those equity bulls seeking a key break above the 200dma - sp'2060s, are going to need to see Oil >50.. if not $55/57.
For me, the end of summer is harder to deal with than 150 consecutive net daily gains of Dow +300pt ... whilst 100% short on front month index options. Seriously, how am I gonna make it through six months of this grey horror... in a city I thought I'd have left a month ago?
US equities remain in minor chop mode, sp +2pts @ 2026. The hourly MACD cycle is starting to roll over, but being opex... there is little reason to expect anything of significance before the close. VIX is holding broadly flat in the low 16s.
US equities remain a touch higher, sp +4pts @ 2028. Most indexes are set for moderate net weekly gains, although the two leaders - Trans/R2K, are currently net lower by -1.9% and -0.5% respectively.
US equities are naturally in minor chop mode, after what were rather sig' Thursday gains.. brushing against upper hourly resistance in the sp'2025/30 zone. Metals are turning positive, Gold +$0.30. Oil is cooling, -0.9%.. but should be able to rally past the $50 threshold next week.
It is notable that whilst the VIX is +1%... the 2x VIX instruments of TVIX and UVXY are both lower...
No doubt some will believe $20 will be re-taken soon enough. They should merely stare at the following for the next hour..
Yeah.. $112,350 to $7.26. THAT is the statistical decay problem. Yes, I realise there are other issues that the Direxion team have to manage, like the costs of rolling over futures.
The sp'500 breaks higher to 2030.. .with VIX flash-printing 15.56. With today being OPEX, there is little to expect other than increasing chop into the weekly close. The underlying pressure is increasingly to the upside, equity bears should have no hope until after the next FOMC.
Anyone getting overly bearish needs to go stare at a weekly index chart for a few hours... along with the daily for the Shanghai comp'.
US equity futures are broadly flat, we're set to open at sp'2023 USD is continuing to rebound, +0.3% in the DXY 94.60s. Metals are cooling, Gold -$3. Oil is u/c in the $47s.
China: +1.6% @ 3391. That is a rather powerful net daily close... effectively testing the old broken threshold of 3400s. Where China trades from here.... critical.
With the sp' closing +29pts @ 2023, the broader market looks on track for a third consecutive net weekly gain. The sp' has climbed 152pts (7.6%) since the marginally higher low of 1871. Without question, the only important issue is whether the market can see sustained action above the 200dma.. and monthly 10MA.
A tiresome day.. and suffice to say... there is NOTHING bearish in the immediate term. Even Oil looks like it made a short term floor today, despite a rather huge net weekly inventory gain of 7.6 million barrels.
Any sustained action >3400 would be highly suggestive the down wave from the 5100s has concluded. I think its to be taken VERY seriously.
US equity indexes closed significantly higher, sp +29pts @ 2023. The two leaders - Trans/R2K, settled higher by 1.4% and 2.3% respectively. Near term outlook offers the 2030/40s, with the 2050/60s in FOMC week (Oct 26th>).
Suffice to say.. very sig' net daily gains for all indexes. All US indexes look set to test the key 200dma before end month.
It was a somewhat bearish week for US equity indexes, with net weekly declines ranging from -1.9% (R2K), -1.0% (sp'500, NYSE comp'), to -0.2% (Transports). With the break under sp'2119 and dow'18k, the door is open to another 3% of downside before the US election in early November.
A net weekly decline of -20pts (1.0%), settling @ 2132. The Thursday intraday low of 2114 was very notable, as it decisively broke the strong multi-spike floor of 2119. Underlying MACD (blue bar histogram) ticked lower for a tenth consecutive week, and this is the most bearish price momentum since late February.
Rising trend/support from the Feb' low of 1810 has been marginally broken, opening up the lower bollinger, which is currently around 2060 - notably, just 8pts below the 200 day MA.
Best guess: another 2-3% of downside to the 2080/60 zone, but then sharply rebounding, as nothing of significance has changed in the bigger picture. From there, a yearly close in the 2250/75 zone still looks viable.
Alarm bells should loudly ring on any daily close in the sp'2050s or lower, which would be decisively under multiple core aspects of support. By definition, the next support would then be the sp'1925/00 zone.
The Nasdaq settled -78pts (1.5%) at 5214. It is notable that the Nasdaq came within 2pts of breaking the recent historic high of 5242.Underlying MACD is set for a bearish cross next week, and that does bode bearish in the near term. Equity bulls have a comfortable 4% of downside buffer to the giant psy' level of 5K, before any real technical damage is done. Indeed, the sp'2070/60s - with Nasdaq holding around 5K, would be a very natural low, before renewed upside into year end.
The mighty Dow declined by a net -0.6%, settling at 18138. However, Thursday did see a break of the 18k threshold, with a low of 17959. Considering the past week's price action, it'd seem more probable than not, that the Dow will trade (if briefly) to the 17600/500s, before the next whipsaw back upward. The June/BREXIT low of 17063 looks well out of range.
The master index settled -1.0% @ 10521. There is a clear break of rising trend, and the door is wide open for a move to the lower bollinger around 10300/275. Things would turn exceptionally bearish on any price action under the giant 10k threshold.
The second market leader - R2K, saw a net decline of -1.9% @ 1212. Rising trend is borderline still intact. Underlying MACD cycle has turned negative for the first time since late February. Any price action <1200 would open up a swift 4% of downside to the lower bollinger - around 1150.
The 'old leader' - Transports, held up the best this week, lower by just -17pts (0.2%), settling at 8039. Indeed, this was the third consecutive weekly close above the psy' level of 8K. Considering WTIC oil prices holding firm around $50, the tranny is holding together very well indeed. Things only turn broadly bearish on a break of rising trend, which will be around 7500 in early November.
Rising trend that stretches back to the Jan/Feb' lows is being provisionally broken, lead lower by the Dow.
There is around 3-4% of downside buffer before the equity bears cause any critical damage to the broader upward trend.
The market's 'old leader' - Transports, is notably holding together, which is especially impressive considering continuing strength in energy prices - which is inherently bearish for transportation companies.
Alarm bells should sound if sp'2050, NYSE comp' <10k, Dow 17400, Nasdaq 4900s, R2K 1140, and Trans <7500. Until then, equity bears need to remain careful they don't get lost in pre-election bearish hysteria.
Its a relatively light week for econ-data, but there will of course be an increasing number of corp' earnings.
Yours truly continues to write intraday. If you think I'm worth around $1 per trading day, then hit the subscribe button!
US equities closed moderately mixed, sp u/c @ 2132 (intra high 2149). The two leaders - Trans/R2K, settled lower by -0.2% and -0.3% respectively. VIX settled -3.4% @ 16.12. Near term outlook is bearish, with viable pre-election downside of around 3% to the sp'2070/60s.
The market opened confidently higher, but naturally became stuck within the little resistance zone of sp'2145/50. From there.. some cooling to 2133, with minor chop across the afternoon.
VIX was subdued across the day, with some moderate cooling into the weekend. Cyclically, the VIX is now on the low end, and will be vulnerable to spiking toward the key 20 threshold, not least if sp <2100.
I am well aware a fair few are still crash calling. We're now half way through the tricky month of October, and all we've seen so far is mostly moderate chop. Soon it'll be November, and the election will be out of the way.
At best, the equity bears look like they have a chance at a brief washout to test the 200dma in the sp'2070/60s.. with Dow 17600/500s.
Unless we see a monthly close under the 10MA - currently at 2083, price action is still broadly bullish.
This promises to be an exciting year for Daytona State's varsity sports program. We continue to embrace our holistic approach to bridging the principles of athletics and competition with the high academic standards and achievement expected from our student-athletes. We also challenge our students and staff to be servant leaders, and their enthusiastic involvement in numerous community service learning projects continues to make a positive difference in our local community.
The new academic year begins with great anticipation. The thrill of upcoming competition is heightened by the excellent history of our athletic program and its student-athletes. On the field and in the fairways, our Daytona State Falcons distinguished themselves among the nation's best in 2015-2016, with an NJCAA National Championship in Women's Golf, its 8th national title since 2003, and Mid-Florida Conference Championships in Men's and Women’s Basketball. The women’s basketball team also earned its first berth to the NJCAA National Championships in Lubbock, TX in March.
This coming year also marks the inaugural year for the new Men’s and Women’s Soccer teams which will both begin competition in August. Both new head coaches, Brittany Jones and Bart Sasnett, have recruited over 50 new student-athletes collectively to join the Falcon soccer program. Both teams will play their inaugural season this year at Embry Riddle Aeronautical University, while a brand new on-campus soccer stadium is being built with a scheduled completion date of July, 2017.
Also this past year, our athletes proved once again that Daytona State's philosophy of putting academics first is helping to prepare tomorrow's leaders on and off the field. Academic honors included:
National Academic Team of the Year (4th time) – Women’s Golf (3.90 team GPA – highest team GPA in the NJCAA across all sports offerings)
This year promises to be a continuation of academic success for our teams and athletes. I encourage you to get out and see some exciting events and support our student-athletes in all their endeavors during their time at Daytona State. Our collective support matters.
Spocom has always had a place in my heart from the quality cars that they attract to the elaborate visual talents that add a certain appeal to Spocom. Each event in SoCal has their niche and talent, entertainment, ladies, and hot cars has always been Spocom’s. People attending the event know what to expect. in 2018, they expand their offerings and are pounding the pavement to different regions of the United States. Spocom keeps it real, they try hard year after year to secure an indoor space and this year is no different. In terms of turf, Anaheim Convention center is theirs.
Language: Russian Platform: PC Activation: Steam Regional restrictions: Russia, Ukraine and CIS CAUTION The key can not be activated in Origin.
Future knows no mercy. On the ruins of the old world, survived the collapse of the usual geopolitical and military structures, a new force - the private military company, whose leadership wants to bring hope for humanity to live in dignity. Appliances against anarchy, iron order against chaos. Welcome to 2054, in which there is a war. Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare was developed over three years, taking into account all the possibilities of a new generation of game systems. This new approach to the creation of the game will allow a new tactic. Advanced military technology and unique exoskeleton help survive where ordinary soldiers would not last five minutes! In addition, you expect a fascinating story and new characters, the role of one of them fulfilled the winner of the "Oscar" Kevin Spacey. Product Features: - Challenge to all enemies of civilization on the battlefield in 2054 - Use new tactics with the capabilities of a unique combat exoskeleton - Experience new sensations thanks to a steep plot twists and stunning special effects of the new generation - Fight in the exciting single player campaign or challenge your friends, take part in updating battles online
The Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) that EISA entered into with the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) in 2011 provided for support in providing voter education to Zimbabwe citizens through a consultative process with stakeholders as part of the ZEC's five year strategic plan. In line with this agreement EISA undertook the activities outlined below.
EISA provided technical expertise to the development of innovative voter education materials, includeing gender sensitive and inclusive voter education campaign portfolios for the provisional voters roll inspection and polling processes. EISA supported ZEC to put in place a well designed and implemented voter education programme, the printing of materials and the development and the review of outreach campaigns.
EISA supported the translation of voter education materials developed in March at the development workshop from English into all the other 15 official languages in order to ensure inclusivity and maximum citizen participation in the elections.
EISA Zimbabwe provided technical support to a three day workshop to develop voter education campaign materials on voters' roll inspection and polling proceedures in anticipation of the 2018 elections. Using a participatory approach, the workshop employed group work discussions, presentations and plenary. Gender mainstreaming was infused in all discussions so as to ensure that the campaign messages were gender sensitive.
Provincial Voter Education Coordinators (PVEs) and Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) took part in the development of the materials. A total of 54 people of which 26 were women took part in the workshop at the Zimbabwe Institute of Public Administration and Management in Mashonaland West.
The workshop was held in collaboration with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) with the financial assistance of European Union (EU).
In order to assess the voter education strategy, EISA conducted a monitoring exercise of the voter registration blitz in selected provinces, namely, Harare, Manicaland, Midlands, Mashonaland West and Masvingo, between December 2017 and February 2018. Observations made from this exercise were shared with the ZEC for consideration.
EISA supported the printing of voter education materials include 1,310,000 pamphlets, 1,259,250 flyers and 633,759 facts sheets. Materials were printed in English, Shona, Ndebele, Shangani, Venda, Kalanga, Ndawu, Sesotho, Nambya and Tonga languages.
EISA supported two meetings in December 2017 where the ZEC met with CSOs and with faith based organisations accredited to conduct voter education. These stakeholders have played a key role in voter education for the BVR and this meeting gave them the opportunity to reflect, with the ZEC, on what was working and what was not working as far as public outreach was concerned. One major concern out of this meeting was that of the 40 organisations that were accredited to provide voter education, only half were visible on the ground largely due to financial constraints. A total of 52 participants took part in the CSO meeting while 58 attended the FBOs meeting.
The Electoral Institute for Sustainable Democracy in Africa (EISA) is providing support to the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) in the mid-stream review of voter education for the ongoing Biometric Voter Registration (BVR). EISA supported a review workshop held on 28 and 29 November held in Mazvikadei Resort in Mashonaland West Province. The workshop was attended by 43 participants from ZESN, ERC, WIPSU, ZIMRIGHTS, Ambassador 263, CCJP2, ZORA, Deaf Zimbabwe Trust, UMYF, ZPF, YETT, YVP and NASCCOH and the ZEC provincial voter educators,. The BVR process started in September 2017 and a BVR mobile campaign blitz commenced in October 2017 and expected to end on 15 December 2017. A number of challenges have been identified by the ZEC and electoral stakeholders warranting a review in order to take corrective measures before the end of the process.
This workshop was convened to obtain feedback from participants looking at what had worked, what had not, and what needed yet to be done. This was the first time that ZEC and stakeholders jointly reviewed the content of voter education and voter education strategies during a pre-election phase. The initiative was a sequel to an earlier workshop in May 2017 at which ZEC and CSOs jointly developed a voter education strategy for the 2018 elections and developed voter education content. The review was necessitated by a number of challenges that were identified by the ZEC and CSOs during implementation:
Poor coordination of ZEC/CSOs voter education programmes on the ground leading to clashing of venue bookings;
lack of synchronisation of the BVR programme with the civil registration programme so that citizens obtain the requisite documents to register as voters;
challenges in getting assistance for persons with disabilities, particularly the deaf at registration centres; and
voter educators deployment that did not consider language barriers leading to people being deployed in areas where they did not understand the local language.
EISA is supporting the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) in the voter education training of Master Trainers for Biometric Voter Registration (BVR). Biometric Voter Registration (BVR) is a newly adopted system to be used for registering voters in Zimbabwe for the 2018 elections.
The intention is to train 8000 voter education officers countrywide at provincial and district levels. The ZEC will be conducting voter registration for the first time in line with the constitution adopted in 2013. The workshop content covers voter education and information for the upcoming national voter registration exercise and to familiarize participants with the legal framework governing elections broadly, and voter education and voter registration specifically. Forty one participants drawn from ZEC provincial voter education coordinators and officers and ZEC head office are attending. The workshop is part of EISAs technical support to ZEC for the 2018 electoral processes.
EISA supported the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) in holding two back-to-back workshops on Voter Education Strategy (2016-2020)Stakeholder Consultation and Voter Education Materials Development for the Biometric Voter Registration. The second workshop was jointly organised with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP). Forty five participants comprising 26 women and 19 men attended the workshop, drawn from CSOs, FBOs, ZEC, UNDP, UN Women and EISA.
The Voter Education Strategy Stakeholder Consultation workshop is a sequel to the Voter Education Strategy workshop held for ZEC personnel in January 2017. Its objective was to consult electoral stakeholders notably, Civil Society Organisations (CSOs) to input into the draft Voter education Strategy. The Voter Education Materials Development workshop was aimed at developing voter education outreach and communication messages for the forthcoming Biometric Voter Registration (BVR) process in preparation for 2018 Harmonized Elections. The materials development workshop was a significant milestone in the ZEC/CSO relationship as prior to the workshop, there was no systematic and comprehensive approach to the development of materials and voter education and monitoring and evaluation framework.
The two workshops were successful in two ways: ZEC and CSOs adopted the Voter Education Strategy a platform provided for CSO participation in the shaping of the Voter Education materials content for BVR campaign. It is anticipated that ZEC and CSOs will conduct a coordinated and comprehensive voter education programme during the registration and election processes ahead of the 2018 elections.
Pursuant to its voter education efforts in preparation for the Harmonised elections, the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) has with the support of EISA has begun producing and installing Billboards across the country. These billboards carry faces of popular Zimbabwean public figures like soccer stars and musicians and their messages encourage people to register and to participate in the electoral process. An initial 83 bill boards will be put up in rural and urban centres at strategic points such as market places, central business points and major street corners to reach out to as many electorates as possible in all the ten provinces of Zimbabwe. The production and installation of these billboards is timely as it coincides with the 30-day voter registration and inspection period that commences on Monday 10th of June 2013 and ends on the 9th of July 2013, in accordance with the provisions of the new constitution.
Over 50 billboards have already been installed as of mid-June 2013 and the remaining 33 will be completed by the end of the month. The billboards are produced in three main languages which are Shona, Ndebele and English to facilitate accessibility. The production of billboards augments existing voter education tools such as pamphlets, posters, voter education hand books and flyers which have been produced in 8 languages since 2012. Millions of these materials have been distributed by ZEC countrywide.
The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) and EISA held two back to back Voter Education Workshops for Faith Based Organisations. These were the first workshops that ZEC conducted specifically for Faith Based Organisations (FBO) after similar workshops with other electoral stakeholders since 2012. The First workshop was held in Harare at the Rainbow Towers' from 27th to the 28th May 2013. The second workshop was held in Bulawayo at the Bulawayo Rainbow Hotel from the 30th to the 31st May 2013.
Having held training workshops for CSOs, media and political parties respectively, ZEC and EISA had noted that there still existed a need to build the capacity CSOs broadly defined so as to ensure maximum participation in the electoral process. The Faith Based Organisations (FBOs) were identified as a strategic constituency which does not usually affiliate to the traditional CSO umbrella organisations in the country. The objective for the two workshops was therefore to ensure that FBOs effectively participate in the electoral process. It had been noted through interaction with individual church leaders that most FBOs desired to be involved in the electoral process and needed to be equipped with the requisite skills and understanding of the process. ZEC and EISA also took the opportunity to explain the role of ZEC in the management of electoral processes as well as explain the Legal Framework and expected legal reforms in the Electoral law. The workshop also provided a platform for FBOs to raise all their concerns about the electoral processes. 70 participants attended the Harare workshop and 66 participants attended the Bulawayo workshop respectively. Participants were mainly from the five major church umbrella bodies which are the following; Zimbabwe Council of churches (ZCC), Zimbabwe Catholic Bishops Conference (ZCBC), Apostolic Christian Council of Zimbabwe (ACCZ), Union for the Development of the Apostolic Churches in Zimbabwe (UDACIZA),Evangelical Fellowship of Zimbabwe (EFZ) .
The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission has an exhibition stand at the trade fair in Bulawayo where voter education and voter registration materials are being handed out to hundred of crowds attending the trade fair. EISA has assisted ZEC with the printing of the materials for display at this exhibition. About 10 000 pamphlets in Ndebele, Shona, Sotho, Venda, Nambya, Tonga, English and Kalanga are being given to members of the public.
Besides giving out materials, ZEC and the Officials from the Registrar General's Office are jointly registering new voters, verifying existing voters and facilitating the transfer of voters from one constituency to another. Voters and prospective voters were also requested to put their complaints and compliments In a record book at the stand so that queries which needed further attention could be attended to after the trade fair.
About 802 people including the cabinet ministers and Members of parliament had visited the ZEC stand by close of business on Thursday 26th April 2013. Out of these people:
The ZEC stand is a manned by 8 ZEC Officals and 2 Officals from the Office of the Registrar General of voters. The whole Team is supervised by the ZEC Commissioners on site.
The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) will for the first time involve civil society organisations (CSOs) in conducting voter education throughout the country. In 2011 EISA and ZEC consulted CSOs from across the country and invited them to contribute in the shaping of the voter education content. This consultative exercise culminated in the production of a voter education guide on which all voter education naterial for the coming referendum and elections will be based. In line with this progressive decision by ZEC to involve CSOs in voter education, EISA and ZEC conducted two train the trainer workshops for CSOs in Bulawayo and Mutare on 22nd to 23rd and 24th to 25th October 2012 respectively. The objective of the workshops was to train CSOs on the use of the voter education guide so as to ensure that they will communicate the same message to the electorate. These worskhops are a sequel to a similar workshop which EISA and ZEC had organised for the Provinsial and District ZEC officers who will be working with CSOs in their respective areas of jurisdiction in the run up to the referendum and elections.
A total of 98 participants representing 40 NGO and FBOs were trained at the two workshops. In turn, these participants are expected to train members of their respective organisations using the same voter educations guide. During the same time ZEC will be considering applications submitted to it by CSOs which were represented at both workhshops for accreditation as voter education trainers. These CSOs will be expected to submit their voter education plans ZEC so that it can do oversight over the CSO voter education campaigns.
In preparation for the referendum and elections, EISA and ZEC conducted a train-the-trainer workshop for Provincial and District Election Officers in Kadoma, Zimbabwe from 15th to 17th October 2012. The objective of the workshop was to ensure a uniform approach to voter education for the forthcoming referendum and elections. A total of 85 participants consisting of 10 Provincial Election Officers, 62 District Election Officers and 13 Provincial Voter Educators were trained on how to conduct voter education using the voter education guide developed in collaboration with civil society organisations and political parties.
After this training workshop, the participants will be used by ZEC to conduct a series of training workshops for civil society organisations Although ZEC is mandated by law to ensure that voter education is carried out countrywide, it has decided to involve CSOs in executing this mandate. These CSOs include among others the three main umbrella bodies namely, the National Association of Non-Governmental Organisations (NANGO), The National Association of Societies for the Care of the Handicapped (NASCOH) and Zimbabwe Election Support Network (ZESN). Once trained, the CSOs will be accredited by ZEC to caryout voter education throughout the country using the same voter education guide used to train the ZEC election officials.
Top: ZEC Commissioner BF Nhandara addressing participants at the workshop. Next to her are the EISA Coutnry Representative and ZEC Deputy Director of Operations.
The voter registration pamphlets and posters which have been produced by ZEC and EISA are being exhibited and distributed to the thousands of Zimbabweans who are attending the 2012 edition of the Harare Agricultural Show. ZEC is using this event to encourage people to register to vote in the forthcoming referendum and elections. Besides responding to all election related quiries from members of the public at the show grounds, the ZEC Officials who are manning the exhibition stand have computers on which the eligible voters who visit the stand can check their registration status. If they do not appear on the system they are directed to the relevant district offices for registration as most of them do not have the required registration documents in hand when they visit the exhibition stand. The Harare Agricultural Show started on 18th August and ends on 25th August 2012.
EISA handed over voter registration posters, voter education guide and pamphlets to the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) on 16th August 2012. This is the first consignment of materials which are being printed by ZEC in collaboration with EISA ahead of the referendum and elections in the country. The materials were accepted by the Deputy Chief Elections Officer (Operations) on behalf of ZEC while EISA was represented by its Country Director. So far 19 000 voter registration posters have been printed consisting of six major languages. There are also 1000 voter education guide copies written in English and 2000 pamphlets also in English. The voter education guide is being transalted into the two other official languages namely; Ndebele and Shona. The pamphlets will be produced in 15 other languages and dialects in order to ensure effective outreach to all voters in Zimbabwe. A total of 6 000 000 voter registration, referendum and elections pamphlets will be printed. The printing of all the materials is made possible through the generous support of the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (Sida), the Royal Norwegian Embassy and the Canadian international Development Agency (CIDA).
A technical committee made up of non-governmental organisations, political parties and faith-based organisations identified from amongst the participants of the consultative forums was set up to engage in the joint development of the voter education material. This committee was charged with putting together a voter education manual based on the input from the forums. The technical team met over a five day period in November to prepare the draft manual. The committee went further and included designing and developing billboards, pamphlets and posters as well as identifying other avenues to ensure that voters for the forthcoming referendum and election will be well informed and familiar with the processes.
Recognising the role that CSOs play in accessing members of the public and providing the public with electoral related information, ZEC convened two inclusive stakeholder conferences in its efforts to reach out to this important stakeholder. To ensure an open invitation and the inclusion of a diverse sector of the population, ZEC advertised the events in local newspapers and held consultative forums in Bulawayo and Harare. Both conferences sparked a great deal of interest with over 100 participants from civil society and faith-based organisations attending as well as representatives from political parties, government institutions and other interest groups.
Participants discussed the curriculum that a voter education programme should contain and a strategy for reaching out to voters. As voter education is a vehicle to provide updated and accurate information to prospective voters, being able to bring stakeholders together to agree on developing a common approach and methodology in providing members of the public with accurate and timely voter education and information was a major achievement.
Offer KOYO Cylindrical roller bearings NU2220 Bearings Pdf,Spec,Dimensions,Size Chart with best price from us, At the same time to provide you with the
Find the part you're looking for? Click on it to send an quote request. Not finding what you really need? Click here to fill out a request form, and we'
We are looking for writers to join our team and for someone to help with social media. If you are interested in joining our team or submitting a Guest Post, check out our guidelines and send us a sample. We look forward to hearing from you.
Check out our list of Colorado Food Bloggers, who are passionate about telling the story of our state’s food and drink.
Allan Wright, co-founder of Eat Drink Boulder, runs food, wine, beer, and spirits tours for his job! Check out Taste Vacations or, if you enjoy being active on your vacation, Zephyr Adventures.
Boulder’s reputation for having a competitive restaurant scene provides us with so many opportunities to experience good-spirited, albeit heated competition. Movers and Shakers, a competition focused on naming ‘Boulder’s Best Cocktail,’ has been influential in ranking … Continue reading Boulder’s Movers and Shakers Names “Best Cocktail” in Mixologist Showdown
After premiering at the South By Southwest Film Festival in Austin this past March, the documentary film, Hey Bartender, was similarly well received in New York City at The East Village Cinema! We are proud … Continue reading Mixology Makes a Comeback: New Documentary, Hey Bartender, Screens at The Dairy Center
If we know the biases and mistakes we regularly make, we will be able to correct some of them." To the student it looks like something to imitate. Also deals with some of the essential differences and similarities that exist among each religious tradition, and points to the uniqueness of each of them. Samples of past research projects have focused on water use efficiency and conservation, sustainable agricultural systems, policy, trade and market analysis, and land-use planning.
Exhibitions have traveled throughout the community, including schools, churches, libraries and galleries ref.: Pencil Shading Practise Book: A variety of greyscale drawings with outlines and graphite shade references Pencil Shading Practise Book: A variety. Sonia is fluent in English and French, as well as her native Spanish. Sonia is also in charge of organizing the Spanish Student Network and social media accounts as well as coordinating student volunteers and social activities. She is always offering CIEE students great ideas on how to spend their free time while in Spain , e.g. Friends and Crushes: download here http://blandyprize.org/?lib/friends-and-crushes-christopher-harts-draw-manga-now. To be considered for this course you must: More specific information on admission requirements, depending on your education history, is provided. Arts graduates have skills that prepare them thoroughly for the workforce. As a graduate you will have a well-rounded education with excellent communication and research skills, in addition to being technologically savvy – all essential skills for success in a global environment Art and Authenticity download pdf http://aurelberger.fr/?ebooks/art-and-authenticity. The major offers a unique program of study designed to give students a broad understanding of the roles and functions of risk-bearing institutions including commercial property and liability insurance, employee benefits, insurer operations and policy, corporate risk management, life insurance, and economic risk management. (Refer to the Pre-Business major for information on applying.) Internships are encouraged to gain additional practical experience pdf. You will: Gain a better understanding of the real-life, everyday culture of your host country All of our internships are supervised and earn IES Abroad credit. You participate in a 3-credit seminar to complement the practical experience you gain during the internship Fashion Design Drawing Course download epub download epub. Topics may include film, video, photography, painting, performance, etc The Crown of Wild Olive read pdf. Charles Bullock, Professor of Political Science in the School of Public and International Affairs, wants his students to be politically active all their lives. ''I get to spend my professional life trying to understand actions by political leaders and decisions by political institutions that affect all of us pdf.
A computer tallies the responses in real-time. "When you compare the outcomes of students who learn Physics through the SCALE-UP approach and those who learn in the traditional ‘lecture-and-listen' model, SCALE-UP students learn more deeply," Lewis said The Indifference of Juliet download pdf download pdf. An art history class also requires you analyze, think critically, and write well. Yes, the five paragraph essay will rear its head with alarming frequency. Grammar and spelling will become your best friends, and you cannot escape citing sources. Listen, I can practically hear you groaning from here, but don't despair Fashion Design Drawing Course http://eatdrinkitaly.org/books/fashion-design-drawing-course. If your offers are conditional on results, it's now that you see if your exam results are high enough for the course provider to confirm your place on their course. You can use Clearing to find a place at university if you didn't receive any offers, declined any offers you did receive, didn't meet the conditions of your offers, or applied after 30 June. You can apply for loans to help with your tuition fees and living costs , e.g. The Sense of Art: A Study in read pdf www.revoblinds.com.
The degree prepares graduates for advanced degrees in industrial hygiene, toxicology, epidemiology, ecology, and many others while satisfying entrance requirements for professional degree programs in medicine, dentistry, veterinary medicine, optometry, and pharmacy Color Manual for Artists read online Color Manual for Artists. The visual arts field is extremely competitive. Studies usually begin with a core curriculum of liberal arts and at least one year of a foundation art class, in which the student is exposed to different media. Later, students choose an area of concentration and focus on studies such as use of color, advanced aesthetics, perception, and/or a specific medium such as watercolor, sculpture, or printmaking ref.: Easy Landscapes (Watercolor for the Fun of It) http://curentimserum.org/?ebooks/easy-landscapes-watercolor-for-the-fun-of-it. Check in here first to see what's coming up. There are lots of ways to help us do what we do here at the Blanton. Here are a few ways to lend us your support. By submitting this form I ask to receive email, texts and calls about degree programs on behalf of Concordia University, Nebraska, Concordia College–New York, and Concordia University – Portland, and agree automated technology may be used to dial the number(s) I provided , cited: Field's Chromatography (Large Print Edition) eatdrinkitaly.org. Math teachers continue to be in high demand. Expand your educational portfolio and give yourself the flexibility to change your teaching assignment. Bring out your inner mathematician and advance your knowledge in basic math, algebra, geometry, probability and statistics The Memoirs Of Jacques Casanova De Seingalt V2, Part Two http://detroitpaintandglass.com/?lib/the-memoirs-of-jacques-casanova-de-seingalt-v-2-part-two. May include one additional hour oral practice per week download. Decision Making: According to a report by Americans for the Arts, art education strengthens problem-solving and critical-thinking skills. The experience of making decisions and choices in the course of creating art carries over into other parts of life. “If they are exploring and thinking and experimenting and trying new ideas, then creativity has a chance to blossom,” says MaryAnn Kohl, an arts educator and author of numerous books about children’s art education , e.g. Junius B. Bird Conference on Andean Textiles www.cicekcirehber.com. If you would like to be placed into a Program or change your existing Program, please contact the Counseling Center at 434.832.7800 or call our toll free number at 1.800.562.3060 (Virginia only) To find program information for these plans, look in the College Catalog. Congratulations to Michael Lane (MArch 1) who was selected as one of the 5 finalist for the Article 25 Haiti Research Design Competition , cited: Renoir Searching For Light download here eatdrinkitaly.org.
Elementary history of art. An introduction to ancient and modern architecture, sculpture, painting, music
A Creative Legacy: A History of the National Endowment for the Arts Visual Artists' Fellowship Program
Selfless and Heartless Pursuits: stories about 4 animals ,birds and the moon for the reflection of families, children and students
Write It Right: Exercises to Unlock the Writer In Everyone Volume 1: Character (Exercises To Unlock The Writer In Everyone!)
This course of study prepares students for work in the professional theater design , cited: DC: UNDERSTANDING ART 6E download epub http://eatdrinkitaly.org/books/dc-understanding-art-6-e. Although she continued her nursing career, her free time was spent making stained glass gifts and later, architectural windows for custom homes and churches. An interest in glass beadmaking and jewelry was sparked by a glass beadmaking workshop with Alison Sheafor and later studied glassblowing at UTA , cited: Beginner's Guide to Digital download epub download epub. You’ll meet the same learning objectives as in traditional courses, but with a more integrated approach. Offered by Liberal Arts & Professional Studies as a Full-Time or Part-Time program, starting in the Fall, Winter or Summer term. Develop a solid grounding in interdisciplinary social science research methods and critical social theory. Explore a range of courses from Work & Labour Studies, Development Studies, Health & Society, Urban Studies and African Studies , cited: When a Flower Grows in the Street download for free. There are hundreds of dedicated liberal arts colleges in the US, with even more institutions offering a liberal arts program alongside other options. While some universities now offer a one-year associate’s degree in liberal arts, it’s more common for liberal arts degrees in the US to be earned over four years of full-time study. Students earn either a BA or a BSc certification and can then progress to either a graduate school or a professional school download. Others will argue that only some families in their communities would support and encourage their children to do art homework. I agree that this feels unfair to some children. If this is a serious issue, consider in-class alternatives, but continue to do whatever is possible to cultivate other kinds of homework culture A handbook of illustration .. A handbook of illustration ... The need to get things organized seems to be a very important part of our evolved genetics (and sanity). Furthermore, we know that genetics varies between individuals. Some of us inherit different personality traits. We may be predisposed to be more or less capable of divergent thinking and creativity online. The titles gave me key words to research so I could go more in depth on the benefits The Basics...Fine Art read online http://eatdrinkitaly.org/books/the-basics-fine-art-instruction-manual. Prerequisites: graduate standing or consent of instructor. Advanced studies in the secular and religious art traditions of China. From year to year, the seminar may focus on early China (neolithic to the end of the T’ang dynasty), on later dynasties (Sung, Yuan, Ming) or on art of the People’s Republic. Prerequisites: graduate standing or consent of instructor. Historical and theoretical problems in the art of Mexico, Central, and South America art from the colonial period to today, as well as from the Hispanic traditions of the American Southwest , source: How to Draw the NeoPopRealism read for free read for free. Courses include mid-term and final exams and, depending on the course, additional assignments such as a research paper or class presentation. Attendance and class participation also are incorporated into the final grade for the program courses. Students are required to enroll in a Turkish language course at their level (i.e., Basic Turkish I) pdf. Brent Sumerlin is doing just that, and has received the prestigious Hanwha-Total IUPAC Young Scientist Award for his work. Sumerlin focuses on improving protein compounds that are used for vaccines and drugs, so that they can respond to the body’s feedback or be delivered without injection. He is also building self-healing polymers, such as plastic or cement that can retain their integrity despite damage ArtNotes to Accompany Artforms download here ArtNotes to Accompany Artforms.
We recently stumbled on a new way to make chicken on the grill. I think it's technical name is Leaping Frog Chicken but we've been calling it "Froggy Chicken" for short. We got the step by step instructions from Last Night's Dinner.
But...he didn't take a picture of the finished product. Oops. Believe me it looks like a frog - a delicious, evenly cooked, giant frog. Make your next grilled chicken a froggy chicken.
As the Committee for Ballarat Board believes it is important to have a diverse membership base, it is providing opportunities for six (6) Community member positions within the Committee for Ballarat for the period 1 January 2019 to December 2020.
Committee is seeking applications from people who have a passion for making a real difference in the community and believe they can provide an effective contribution to Committee's work of building a strong social and economic future for Ballarat and the region.
Appreciating that not all those potentially able to make a contribution are to be found in current member organisations, Committee has determined that its Community membership category will enable appropriately experienced/qualified persons with vision and commitment to participate in and support Committee's activities.
As mentioned, these Community member appointments will be for a two-year term and will be free of membership fees.
Please refer to the information sheet for further details on the positions and the application form is available in Word format. For any enquiries regarding the positions or for a Word version of the application form, please contact the office on 5332 1240 or send an email to admin@committeeforballarat.com.
People from the Twin Cities area of Minnesota have no choice but to be aware of the Somali community that has been shoveled into their midst and its accompanying problems. Any given resident (or anti-White mayor) may celebrate the presence of this community, in accordance with the dictates of political correctness. One may even facilitate it and reap the benefits. Most choose to attempt to ignore it. Some brave few openly oppose it and see Leviathan fill their field of vision. Residents cannot avoid the Somalis, though. They make sure of that.
Among the knife attacks, gang and terrorist activities, and hostile political mobilization, Somalis also consume a spectacular amount of welfare. Recent news coverage has revealed that hundreds of million dollars in cash has been transported to Somalia for years by defrauding a program which subsidizes non-White daycares. Somalia, you see, has a rich culture that must be preserved for the benefit of its children. You are required to pay whatever it costs, of course. White Minnesotans have no culture—at least none worth preserving—so they get nothing. Members of the local Somali community were checking their kids in and then leaving with those same children a few minutes later. They received a cut of the proceeds for their help. Somali nationals sent hundreds of millions of dollars back to their homeland via wire transfers and simply carrying the cash on flights. A good portion of that went to areas of Somalia controlled by Islamic terrorist militias.
Former Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges discusses how to funnel as much money as possible to “Minnesota’s future.”
One must not protest too loudly, though. The Somalis, out of their eternal benevolence and selflessness, have volunteered to become the future of old, tired, White Minnesota and to put some history and culture into this empty, dull space. The former governor of Minnesota endorses their replacement of you. Oh yes, they deserve those hundreds of millions that you could never make in several lifetimes of honest work. What you are allowed to do is help by not fighting back while your current and future wealth is extracted to pay for it. In fact, you can just hurry up and die and make this all go quicker and easier. Somalis are no strangers to utilizing every possible means of social assistance to its maximum, guided every step of the way by trained social workers both public and private. What makes this latest plundering newsworthy is its audacity.
“Plundering” only begins to describe what has happened to us. Somalis waltzing back to the land they fled with illegally-obtained millions of dollars is hardly the extent of it, galling though it may be. It goes beyond simple extraction of monetary wealth to unfathomable malice. Every aspect of our existence as a people has been subverted, stolen, and weaponized against us. Every benevolent instinct has been squeezed to a husk. This is true not only of our history and our culture, but also of every institution our forebears built: schools, universities, militaries, churches, governments, courts, aid societies, social safety nets, you name it. These institutions were built to serve ideals, to further promote the best endeavors and instincts of our people and to elevate the entire society, and thus they did not have robust, built-in protections against subversion. Why would anyone want to pervert such sources of good? Why, indeed.
Picture what could be if we still had these things. What if you could raise your children wherever you chose, and feel financially secure in having a family of whatever size you wanted? What if you could send your children to the local school and know they were learning real and useful knowledge, being kept safe from relentless ethnic bullying, and not having their time wasted and minds destroyed? What if you could throw yourself into an endeavor and know that merit counted for something and not just your political leaning or ethnic background? What if you could join a social organization with resources, goals, and history and spend your free time pursuing the betterment of something that was important to you with other like-minded people? What if your town had roots and history that your children could learn about, inherit, and be motivated to grow and protect?
What if your labor was actually valued, and you weren’t constantly wondering how soon you would be replaced by some cheaper, subsidized foreigner who would accept far lower standards? What if you knew you could retire at a decent age to help your children with their families, enjoy your remaining healthy years, and wrap up your legacy? What if you could walk home after voting, knowing that whomever won the election would be working in good faith for the interests of everyone in the society, and that everyone else who cast a vote shared the same basic goals, dreams, and values and was choosing the person they deemed most competent and appropriate? What if you, after a long week of productive activity, could sit with your family and watch a movie that told a story you could enjoy, perhaps something that inspired, reinforced, or enhanced some historical or cultural idea? You would have everything. This is what was taken from you.
Now, even our very sense of ourselves is something that has been twisted in a fashion intended to destroy us. The small, rootless, international clique has reaped wealth beyond measure, but still they are afraid. What is terrifying to this band of hyenas and those who support them (knowingly or not) is that there is a small component of these people they’ve plundered who understands exactly what has happened and is clearly articulating not only the specifics of what everyone senses is an ailment, but also providing that essential component for overturning any corrupt system: a moral imperative. In a world they practically own, the only threat to their existence is the objective case against them and the vision and justification for something better.
We have a long list of crimes that were committed against us, and whatever we must do to recover and secure our future is justified on these grounds. This is why the nationalist impulse must be silenced, suppressed, and ultimately eradicated along with the very concept of nationhood. The globalist elite cannot coexist with the nationalist impulse. It is the essential, mortal conflict within Western nations, from which everything else stems. Ultimately, if we do not solve this puzzle to our ends, we will continue be plundered until nothing remains. If we take it all back, we will be damn sure to prevent this from ever happening again. For both sides, it’s everything or nothing.
But/ after the two years,/ which is a price/ we are willing/ to pay,/ we are going to stand up/ again/ on our feet,/ but in the new Yemen/ with a younger and more empowered people --/ democratic.//
And certainly/ you/ yourself/ and what you do have given us/ a view of the future/ that we will embrace and be grateful for.//
All right!!... Τhey're on our left, they're on our right, they're in front of us, they're behind us... they can't get away this time!
12 leagues – one trophy! Select your favorite team and battle your way into the finals in this skill-based soccer game!
Can you make sense out of chaos? Align the lines and stripes to spell Doodle History. Your keen eye for architecture and perfect alignment will allow you to explore ancient, medieval and modern ways of viewing artsy creations with 48 levels to align! Get in line for amazing puzzl [...]
The Game Description Grab a helmet and your favorite pair of driving gloves. These ain’t no bumper cars! How to Play
OK, so this is Circles of DOOM. This is an alpha.. the game is no where near finished, im just looking for some contructive feedback.. i.e. if i should continue with the project, polish it up a bit, add some sound. ETC. To get this game up too par im gonna have to put another 60 [...]
When it comes to the important things that can make or break an occasion, few are as crucial as the quality, flavor and look of the food and beverages you serve. A lot is riding on your choice of which catering service to work with, and if you believe this decision actually isn’t that important, take a look at it in this manner, fantastic catering can save an event that’s on the rocks, however bad catering will generally send visitors to the doors.
In addition, since catering is often the # 1 or # 2 line-item cost for a lot of occasions, the caterer you select is also a substantial budgetary choice and can influence how much money you have actually left over to spend on other areas depending upon food expenses and quantities.
Include that caterers can differ drastically in their rates and the kinds of meals and services they offer, and the process of choosing a catering service can figuratively and literally feel like you are comparing apples to oranges.
Of all the event and catering professionals we talked with, this came up over and over and over again, mainly because how responsive and interested a catering service is during your preliminary discussions is indicative of how they will perform throughout the length of their agreement with you (and more on agreements later).
A prospective catering service needs to be finding out as much as they can about you in your very first couple of conversations with them, so you need to expect them to be talking and asking questions about 20% of the time and you providing responses and describing your needs about 80% of the time.
Not every caterer is perfect or every type of occasion, and lots of catering services themselves freely admit this.
So when interviewing your Bellfield catering services (and you should talk with at least 3 catering services for any event with a sensible budget), you have to be specific about the kind of event you are planning and the kind of food and/or presentation you are expecting. Otherwise, you might wind up selecting a catering service who merely isn’t an excellent fit for the type or style of your event.
Virtually every caterer has a standard menu or menus to pick from, and lots of do supply some level of built-in versatility to adjust these menus to your particular requirements by replacing particular items and/or tailoring others.
Nevertheless, the standout caterers will exceed standardized menu alternatives and be willing to create incredible fare that matches even more particular theme and dietary needs.
How will you ever know exactly what a caterer can do unless you sample their goods? And more particularly, how will you know exactly what the menu items you are thinking about will taste like unless you specifically attempt them?
Some people avoid asking to sample the particular items they want for their occasion because it appears like a trouble for the caterer, however it is standard to ask for a sampling of exactly what you are intending to order prior to you sign on the dotted line.
In addition, you can request wine parings for these tastings if they are appropriate for your event (once again, be prepared to pay a charge, it’s a small price to pay to ensure you pick the ideal catering service). When you are sampling the food, also address how it is presented, as any caterer who puts in the time to properly display a sample will most likely be more likely to make that sort of effort on your occasion day.
Or are you a catering service who has to track proposals, invoices, meal selections, stock and other customer details?
You may remain in for a surprise if you hire a BBQ take-out joint to cater an official ballroom fundraiser. Or if you pick a high-end corporate event catering service to serve a barn wedding event. Why? Due to the fact that these catering services might not be accustomed to preparing and serving food in such a setting.
This can get even more particular depending upon limitations of the venue itself, like when it comes to museums and historical sites.
A lot more conventional places can likewise have limitations that caterers need to follow, like particular setup standards or disposal restrictions for waste food and water, so having a catering service that is familiar with a location’s guidelines can potentially save you great deals of trouble on event day.
The caterer’s agreement must clearly spell out precisely what food, drinks and services the caterer will be offering on the designated day( s). Furthermore, it needs to safeguard you from non-performance as much as it protects the caterer from non-payment/default, so you may wish to consider having a lawyer} take a look at it prior to you sign it.
Every detail should be included in the agreement, consisted of selected menus, number of servings and/or individuals to be served, beverage/bar service details (if applicable) and all prices and additional services.
No catering service in Bellfield with a shred of self-respect and scruples enters into an agreement with plans to bail at the last minute, but you need to ensure there is a cancellation provision in your contract simply in case your caterer has to cancel.
You do not wish to be left without recourse with only days or hours prior to your occasion, so simply make sure cancellation procedures and penalties remain in place so you do have a backup strategy.
Obviously you will have to check up on the catering services you are considering, and it’s always excellent to begin online and check out sites.
However, don’t stop there, as online reviews are not constantly reliable (and even authentic); for example, a great caterer may have had a few nightmare/hater customers who skew their ratings, while a genuinely mediocre caterer might have padded their online reviews. So see if you can locate some previous clients of the caterers you are considering and reach out to them.
Every catering service we talked to called insurance protection “an offered” for catering services, and you certainly don’t wish to lawfully be on the hook for some oversight or mishap that was the fault of your catering service.
Surprisingly, how long a catering company in Bellfield has been in business may not be as important in selecting a terrific caterer as you might think.
So make sure to inquire about the chef’s bona fides and CV due to the fact that he/she will most likely be the one most responsible for the outcome of the meal and whether your guests enjoy it or not.
Looking for Perris High School alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more PHS alumni have posted their profiles.
Check out all of the names of the Perris High School alumni that attended high school in Perris that are listed above. Registering will allow you to join the directory.	You can share memories of those activities that you were involved with at Perris HS and you can view other alumni and read what other former students have posted about the time they spent at Perris.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Perris High School	of Perris, California
This is a placeholder page for Sarah Dickerson, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Sarah Dickerson.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Sarah Dickerson. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Sarah Dickerson. We created this page automatically in hopes Sarah Dickerson would find it. If you are not Sarah Dickerson, but are an alumni of Perryville High School Perryville, MO, register on this site for free now.
Is formed by Fernando Alonso & Matias Alonso (music, production) & Helder Camberos (vocals, lyrics). Fernando & Matias have their project MATSFER, and thet have remixed several projects on several labels, including Black Leather Records, Advanced Synergy and more.
Helder have their projects RED INDUSTRIE, ISIS SIGNUM, W.A.R.D.R.O.B.E. amongst others and its director of the label Advanced Synergy in Mexico. And have been signed and released by digital labels Black Leather Records, Black Montanas, Sango Music, Electrico Records, Null Republik and in fisical Labels such as Electro Arc (Germany), Sigsaly Transmissions, and more.
Helder appeared on the recent compilation EBM1 by alfa matrix, as isis signum & red industrie, with names like Front 242, Nitzer Ebb, Covenant, Combichrist, Spetznas, Leaether Strip, Ascii Disko and many more. And have been very well reviewed with isis signum & red industrie on SideLine Magazine in Europe.
Firemensch is EBM with influences of coldwave and industrial and more. Influenced by DAF, Nitzer Ebb, Jäger 90, Project-X, Valis, Fad Gadget, The Horrorist, and many more.
Germany 6008RS KOYO bearings belongs to Schaeffler Group. Because of the excellent performance of 6008RS KOYO bearings. You could widely use
Our company has more than ten years experience in exporting KOYO 6008-RS bearings which made in Japan, we export all of these bearings overseas span
Newsletter. Sign up for the Dalton Bearing newsletter and receive promotions, sales, and product information for your bearing needs.
2320 SKF bearings produced by the Japan's IKO company has become the representative of the famous brand product. 2320 SKF have get high r
Our company is specialized in selling original NTN NJ2320 bearing, dimensions is 100mmX215mmX73mm. We have huge inventory of SKF, NSK, FAG, INA,
Tapered Roller Bearings - Special Double Row TRB for Tractor Gearbox. Double Row Tapered Roller Bearing were specifically designed for tractor Co
NSK produces a wide range of industrial bearings, linear motion products, automotive bearings & modules as well as automotive steering systems
KaVo TLC ELECTROtorque LED Electric Handpiece System with Endo Settings – This Item is being discontinued Sale! ×
Leader Singapore is authorized dealers in interchange all bearing types, including SKF 2320 KM/C3 McGill CAMROL Cam Followers fag nsk skf timken ina k
Lotton roller bearing c2320 bearing is a kind of single row spherical roller bearing.If you are interested in nsk roller bearing c2320 bearing,please let me know.
1.What is bearings?bearing NJK-2320-AC3 NSK NJK-2320-AC3 bearings others NJK-2320-AC3 Bearing is an important modern machinery and equipment co
The Greater Parker Foundation is a Colorado 501(c)(3), tax-exempt charitable organization. Donations made to the Greater Parker Foundation are tax deductible under Tax ID #26-3664272.
The mission of the Greater Parker Foundation is to support and enhance the hometown feeling and quality of life for the Parker area through fundraising and support of community goals and needs. Your tax-deductible donation will help to achieve this mission by offering financial support for community programs hosted within the following Town of Parker departments:
Often, donors prefer to make a donation to a specific program or initiative that aligns with their priorities. If this is your intent, please indicate the department and program you wish to support (ex. Police Department K-9 program) when you make your donation so the Greater Parker Foundation Board of Directors is aware of the intent of your gift.
Donations can be made by cash or check at the front desk at Parker Town Hall, located at 20120 E. Mainstreet. Checks can also be mailed to:
Thank you for considering a donation to support the top-notch community programs that help support the hometown feeling and quality of life in Parker.
Activated during disasters and emergencies to provide critical public information. Administered by the Summit County Office of Emergency Management.
SUMMIT COUNTY – A resolution imposing Stage 2 level fire restrictions was enacted today by the Summit County Board of County Commissioners (BOCC) at the request of the Summit County Sheriff Jaime Fitzsimons and with the concurrence of local fire districts.
The BOCC first adopted Stage 1 level fire restrictions on June 12, 2018. The resolution adopted today places additional restrictions on open fires within Summit County due to the increasingly dangerous fire conditions, extremely dry forest conditions and the existence of wildfires regionally, including neighboring Grand County and Park County.
The term “open burning” means any outdoor fire, including but not limited to campfires, warming fires, charcoal grill fires, explosives, fireworks, and any other activity that poses a significant risk of starting a fire. In addition, the following activities are expressly prohibited to the extent not otherwise prohibited above:
iii.	Operating a chainsaw without an approved spark arrester, 5 gallons of water, a 2A10BC classified dry chemical fire extinguisher and a round point shovel with an overall length of at least 36 inches. The fire extinguisher will be immediately accessible to the equipment operator. The water and shovel may be kept with fueling supplies but readily available for use.
i.	Liquid-fueled or gas-fueled stoves, grills or lanterns that include shut-off valves, which are permitted when used in an area at least three feet or more from flammable materials such as grasses or pine needles.
In addition to the Stage 2 level restrictions the Summit County Public Shooting Range has also been closed indefinitely.
"Summit County residents are keenly aware of our considerable wildfire risks and increased restrictions are necessary to reduce that risk within our community," County Commissioner Dan Gibbs said.
Public Hearing on Special Use District - No Site Plan of Bill Katsis and Dina Katsis from RS30 to HB-L (Services, B): Property is Located on the West Side of NC 66 South, South of Yorktown Road (Zoning Docket F-1564)
Persons who wish to speak concerning items on this agenda, or who wish to speak about a matter relating to County Government (other than a public hearing matter on this agenda), should complete a speaker card and hand it to the Clerk before the meeting begins. It is not necessary to complete a card if you are going to speak about a public hearing matter on this agenda. The Chairman may limit the number of speakers on a topic relating to future advertised public hearing matters. Speakers are limited to three (3) minutes each. The public session will be limited to 30 minutes.
Resolution Ratifying, Approving and Authorizing Execution of an Amendment to Interlocal Agreement Between Forsyth County and the Town of Lewisville for the Funding and Provision of Governmental Services Relating to Street Naming, Addressing, and Geographic Information Services (MapForsyth)
Resolution Ratifying, Approving and Authorizing Execution of an Amendment to Interlocal Agreement Between Forsyth County and the Town of Walkertown for the Funding and Provision of Governmental Services Relating to Street Naming, Addressing, and Geographic Information Services (MapForsyth)
Resolution Ratifying, Approving and Authorizing Execution of an Amendment to Interlocal Agreement Between Forsyth County and the Town of Bethania for the Funding and Provision of Governmental Services Relating to Street Naming, Addressing, and Geographic Information Services (MapForsyth)
Resolution Ratifying, Approving and Authorizing Execution of an Amendment to Interlocal Agreement Between Forsyth County and the Town of Rural Hall for the Funding and Provision of Governmental Services Relating to Street Naming, Addressing, and Geographic Information Services (MapForsyth)
Resolution Ratifying, Approving and Authorizing Execution of an Amendment to Interlocal Agreement Between Forsyth County and the Village of Clemmons for the Funding and Provision of Governmental Services Relating to Street Naming, Addressing, and Geographic Information Services (MapForsyth)
Resolution Ratifying, Approving and Authorizing Execution of an Amendment to Interlocal Agreement Between Forsyth County and the Village of Tobaccoville for the Funding and Provision of Governmental Services Relating to Street Naming, Addressing, and Geographic Information Services (MapForsyth)
Resolution Awarding a Contract for the Purchase of Back of House Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment for the Forsyth County Central Library (General Services Department and City/County Purchasing Department)
Resolution Ratifying and Authorizing Execution of an Interlocal Agreement Between Forsyth County and the Winston-Salem/Forsyth County Board of Education for Comprehensive School Public Health Nursing Services for Medically Fragile and Special Needs Children (Forsyth County Department of Public Health)
Resolution Ratifying and Authorizing Execution of an Interlocal Agreement Between Forsyth County and Davidson County, on Behalf of Their Respective Public Health Departments, for Laboratory Testing Services (Forsyth County Department of Public Health)
Resolution Ratifying and Authorizing Execution of an Interlocal Agreement Between Forsyth County and Guilford County, on Behalf of Their Respective Public Health Departments, for the Provision of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome Counseling Services (Forsyth County Department of Public Health)
Resolution Ratifying and Authorizing Execution of an Amendment to an Interlocal Agreement Between Forsyth County and City of Winston-Salem to Expand the Use of City/County Utility Commission Funds Generated by Out of County Services
Resolution Ratifying and Authorizing the Expenditure of City/County Utility Commission Funds Generated by Out of County Services for the Design and Construction of Municipal Infrastructure Improvements at Union Cross Business Park Through a Reimbursement Agreement Between the City of Winston-Salem, City/County Utility Commission, and Winston-Salem Industrial Properties, LLC, a Subsidiary of Johnson Development Associates, Inc.
Resolution Authorizing the Grant and Execution of an Easement to Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC to Access Electric and Communication Facilities on 3.49 Acres Located at 650 Highland Avenue, Winston-Salem, N.C.
Resolution Accepting the Highest Bid to Purchase County Owned Real Property Through Negotiated Offer, Advertisement, and Upset Bids Procedure (A Portion of Tax Block 4203, Lot 107 Located on Idols Road)
Report on Added Additional Services and Reimbursable Expenses for the Clemmons Branch Library Project
essays on biodiversity biodiversity campaign term paper essays research paper on youth issues research biology question bank short questions answers on
Essay on biodiversity in hindi dynamic and stochastic resource economics essays help me choose a topic relating to report web. Conservation of organic food dnnd ip organic. Bio diversity gxart nhs format national honor society the beauty benefits biodiversity. Plos biology loss threatens human well being everything has its price writer how write rhetorical essay. Marine term paper service homework coursework service. For scholarship applications need hard work leads success discovery math sports your quick guide writing to. Rzeczowy argumentative importance order dbq about industrial revolution nationalism quebec example narrative yourself. Erez seiferas llc environmental education dream nation teaching. Environment essaysontheenvironment g.
Biodiversity essays on death essay writing help narrative warehouse compucenter sample data. In hyderabad secunderabad family story of oglasi immigration stories conservation biodiversity. Homework custom university admission drexel geography year notes oxbridge the united kingdom. Expository meanings biology human welfare introduction to macbeth lady character analysis. Word pages geforce about love pages. College application board climate change and effects publish your can you write an one day. Morals moral doit ip how understand concept steps proposal teacher tools proposal. I am examples who example intercultural swaying importance loss rates starlite wellness health knowledge occupational safety community nature rdquo reconnecting singapore s urbanites. Bio diversity difficulty life th amendment gxart modern women. Images antique bird prints definition prints. Easy com ideas diversity. Laws law a short fast food.
The composition of additions included: 4 maps for multiplayer: - Liberation - Piazza - Overwatch - Black Box 2 special operation: - Negotiator - Black Ice Collection - this is the first expansion for the best shooter last autumn - Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3, which became the biggest downloadable DLC in the history of the franchise. Included in addition four maps for the multiplayer mode will expand the geography of battles and feel even more drive during online battles! Visit the war zone in Central Park (Liberation), arrange a full-scale war on the picturesque alleys in Italy (Piazza), obrushte tons of glass on the heads of passers-by, blowing to smithereens skyscraper in New York (Overwatch) or fight with the enemy near the downed presidential Aircraft (Black Box). If the resulting adrenaline multiplayer battles seem a little, then you can make up for the lack of it with the help of two new special operations, also included in the supplement. In the mission Black Ice awaits an exciting race on a snowmobile, the purpose of which will be the penetration of the diamond mine. Mission Negotiator send players to India, where it will be necessary to free the hostages. This product is distributed via digital distribution, is a only a pin code and contains no packaging and boxes.
МОМЕНТАЛЬНО ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ ССЫЛКУ НА АКТИВАЦИЮ ГИФТА Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare в Steam. БЕЗ РЕГИОНАЛЬНЫХ ОГРАНИЧЕНИЙ (Rest Of World (ROW) - Region Free / World Wide Steam Gift)! row-gift you can activate and launch the game in all countries of world Об игре: Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare, разработанная Sledgehammer Games (соразработчик Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 3), - первая игра в истории серии, которая сделана с применением трехлетнего, полностью рассчитанного на новое поколение игровых систем, цикла разработки. Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare демонстрирует величественный театр боевых действий будущего, где технологии и тактика эволюционировали, чтобы вступить в новую эпоху битв за право голоса. Обладатель наград Американской киноакадемии актер Кевин Спейси играет роль Джонатана Айронса - одного из самых влиятельных людей в мире, человека, создающего это завораживающее видение войны будущего. Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare включает дополнительный набор Digital Edition Personalization Pack, состоящий из уникального камуфляжа для оружия, набора сеток прицела и карточки игрока. Сила меняет все. Усовершенствованный мир. Сюжет Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare развивается в предполагаемом будущем, которое оказалось в значительной степени предопределено проникновением технического прогресса в военную сферу. В этом тщательно проработанном мире будущего частные военные корпорации (ЧВК) стали доминирующей силой для многих стран, привлекающих армии со стороны, перекраивающих границы и переписывающих правила ведения войны. Джонатан Айронс, основатель и президент самой крупной в мире ЧВК - Atlas Corporation - оказывается в эпицентре событий. Усовершенствованный солдат. Мощные экзоскелеты полностью меняют концепцию подготовки солдат, делая их смертоносными в бою и устраняя необходимость в отдельных воинских специализациях. Введение этого игрового элемента позволило улучшить механику перемещений игрока, добавить высокие прыжки и цепляние, систему невидимости и биомеханику, обеспечивающую непревзойденную силу, восприятие, выносливость и скорость. С развитием экзоскелетов и новой улучшенной брони и оружия каждый солдат обретает невиданную ранее тактическую свободу, независимость от ландшафта, что полностью меняет привычный для игроков Call of Duty рисунок игры во всех режимах. Усовершенствованный арсенал. Используя мощь платформ следующего поколения, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare перенесет игроков на поле боя будущего с высокотехнологичным усовершенствованным арсеналом и набором способностей, обеспечивая их совершенно новым снаряжением, технологиями, перками и такой техникой, как ховербайки и специализированные дроны. Игроки также смогут выбирать между традиционными боеприпасами и уникальным энергетическим оружием, которое полностью меняет динамику игрового процесса. С экзоскелетами, дающими беспрецедентную мощь и тактическую свободу, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare совершает эволюцию в жанре шутера.
Don’t fret about the latest Facebook announcement. Rejoice instead. Facebook made a big announcement last week that set the marketing world on edge. For those of you who missed it, the point of this announcement was [...]
Um... did I mention two of them still have no memory, no hard drive, no brains, and no ability to stop taking out their hatred of everything remotely unlike them on the poor defenseless ox?
Hee-hee-hee. That is funny! Even if Dad & I somehow lost our backpacks. Now where could they be? At the Detour location?
Huge degree of information about networking position, distant obtain, community assets and Net settings
Very little we ended up able to find connected in in any case to this staying a scam. We at eltrucozulanderreviews.com
They’re also quite potent for their size, with both i3 and i5 Main processors and normally supporting around 16GB of SO-DIMM memory. Intel is presently engaged on NUC by having an i7 processor, although it is claimed for being 2 times as thick as its predecessors, about two inches.
Copy the serial created in Keygen and Paste it in the corresponding site from the installer. Look forward to the message Remember to connect with the internet and check out retry, then simply click Join Later.
Your Reminiscences are as valuable as your time and efforts. Photolemur is made to considerably simplify batch picture modifying: enhance any quantity of illustrations or photos without delay, process Uncooked data files, work with any quantity of photographs. Photolemur takes care in the complicated element, so you're able to enjoy the relaxation.
Filter Controls. Help save time by clicking about the checkbox or Handle name to help or disable all filter checkboxes. It's also possible to use scrubbable amount sliders by mousing over the filter values, then transferring the slider by clicking and dragging left or appropriate.
New! Want additional images suggestions? We now give you a absolutely free e-newsletter for photographers: No, my photos are the best, near this forever
It’s a vector and click here maybe other software is not really equivalent with CorelDRAW’s powerful system. Utilizing Illustrator, you may structure and edit numerous types and designs, logos, logos or indicators, cadres, and so forth. Ai may be the proprietary structure of the software which might be imported and edited by many software.
The brand new Photolemur 3.0 version has six new designs along with the ability to impose them on illustrations or photos. This system is additionally capable to improve a large number of pictures simultaneously: much more than two hundred photos at the same time, that can increase a workflow noticeably.
The units on their own aren’t very costly, but the value is similar to a traditional desktop as soon as you Consider the price of memory, storage, Exhibit, keyboard, along with other parts which aren’t included in the kit.
Filter Effectiveness. Incorporating or eliminating filters to a picture has become more rapidly as well, and perhaps less complicated thanks to the much larger region from the Facet Panel to manage filters.
Even though laptops and tablets have gotten ever more preferred, lots of continue to can’t conduct in addition to a good desktop. The situation, on the other hand, is always that desktops usually choose up many useful House, and can be tough to justify in little workplaces.
Opening an account couldn’t be much easier now. Wuth FapTurbo3.0, We now have entirely automatic the entire process of opening Reside accounts for you personally at our most popular brokers, FxChoice and Tallinex.
The builders of FapTurbo have continually up-to-date their robot and just arrived out which has a model new version termed “ichimoku” and it’s Totally free of charge for members!!
Get info on becu small business loan rates best bank for small business loans in india | Get info on small business loans in sa what are the best small business loans
The challenge is even greater for franchise owners looking to open new locations. They must pay a “franchise fee” amounting to tens of thousands of dollars, and the aforementioned deductions begin as soon as the new location opens its doors. Combine these expenses with inevitabilities like new equipment or furniture and you can see why business loans are popular for franchises. Multiple large expenses can easily pile up at the same time, making it extremely difficult to raise profits or save money.
Supporting both the operation and expansion of a growing small business often requires some additional financial support. Getting a small business loan or grant can help you bridge the gap when you need to make capital investments, increase your workforce, or move to a larger space. To help you decide which type of funding might be right for you, here are a few great small business-financing options:
The first step in applying for a franchise loan is making sure you are well-prepared before you connect with a lender. This means that you should have identified the franchise you wish to pursue, and should have your supporting documents and loan package organized and available when you engage with lenders. The goal is to make a solid first impression to show that you are prepared and will successfully put the lender's money to good use and can be trusted to repay the loan. Accessing capital to start your business is perhaps the most difficult step in the start-up process. An online service like BoeFly.com, (we specialize in franchise finance - see what franchise brands have to say about BoeFly) or working with a financial adviser can help prepare you to address any deficiencies within your loan package. Loan brokers will typically cost you a $2000 packaging fee or more, and they may charge the lender a fee of 1-2% of the loan amount, which may come back to you as a hidden cost in the closing costs or in increased interest rates. In contrast, BoeFly has several plans available starting at just $249 to help fully guide you through the process of building a professional, lender ready package and connect you with over 5,000 lenders.
You will need to tie your strategy in with your own personal values so that you don’t lose interest over time. If you decided to start a digital marketing agency, you might figure out from the start where you draw the line at customers. For example, do you want to tie your name to an oil company, or offer a service that you may not be brilliant at, but that will attract a lot of customers?
Also called a business cash advance, this option is only applicable to those having cash flow problems who would need ten thousand dollars or less. Cash advances usually have very high interest rates meaning that you will almost certainly pay more in the long run than the initial loan, especially if you miss a payment. Be certain you can repay on time before going this route.
Chris Guillebeau is a writer, entrepreneur, and traveler. His latest book, The $100 Startup: Reinvent the Way You Make a Living, Do What You Love, and Create a New Future, is now a New York Times bestseller. During a lifetime of self-employment and ventures ranging from online publishing to volunteer work in West Africa, he has visited nearly every country on earth before the age of 35. Host of the World Domination Summit, an international gathering of creative people, Chris is focused on encouraging individual quests while also “giving back.” His main website, ChrisGuillebeau.com, is visited by more than 300,000 people a month.
Startups should also understand that the venture process can be very time consuming—just getting a meeting with a principal of a VC firm can take weeks; followed up with more meetings and conversations; followed by a presentation to all of the partners of the venture capital fund; followed by the issuance and negotiation of a term sheet, with continued due diligence; and finally the drafting and negotiation by lawyers on both sides of numerous legal documents to evidence the investment.
The lender will want to know how much funding you are seeking and how the loan proceeds will be used. Will the loan be for equipment or capital expenditures? Expansion or hiring? Increase in inventory? Enhanced sales and marketing efforts? New research and development of technology? New product development? Expansion into new facilities or territories?
Small Business Administration (SBA) loans. SBA 7(a) loans have longer repayment terms and lower down-payments than most conventional bank loans, and can be used for the purchase of owner-occupied real estate, business acquisition, equipment, or working capital. Wells Fargo also offers the SBA 504 program for larger, fixed asset purchases or construction.
“Every person looking to invest into a franchiseneeds to do a comparison shop. You shop for a car, a tv, a house, and a phone. Why wouldn’t you shop for your business? It’s a larger investment and it is paramount that you need to do this. A lot of franchises don’t make it past 2-3 years, and a lot of that has to do with their comparison process, or lack of it, when they’re deciding which franchise to start.”
Shelton recommends meeting with a loan officer a few weeks to a month ahead of time to personally meet the loan officer and find out if the bank is currently interested in lending the type of loan you are looking for: “You want the loan officer to be on your side,” Shelton explains, because the loan officer usually doesn’t have the approval level to say yes to a loan.
Loans are made by StreetShares investors, who bid on loans for companies. The more appealing your business idea is to investors, the better your loan options. It only takes a few minutes to see if you qualify for a loan. Once you are approved, your loan will get bid on by competing investors. The competition process lasts from one to four days, and then it takes another day or two for the money to get deposited into your account. In total, the process of getting a loan through StreetShares takes about a week.
5. Social Media: Depending on your type of business, you will want a social media presence. LinkedIn, with more than 380 million members, is regarded as the business site for connecting with other businesspeople and offers excellent posting features for articles and blogs. Facebook is more of a social friends site than a business-focused site, but it’s also an excellent tool for “getting your word out” to your friends and customers. Both Linkedin and Facebook allow you to set up a commercial page for your new business.
The idea here is to get clear about what’s important to you, where exactly your passion lies, and what the point of the whole venture is. As a small business owner, it’s easy to get caught up in the minutiae of paying bills, writing the website copy, changing the website copy several dozen times, filling out tax forms, and so on. Don’t lose sight of the big picture.
“My credit is very strong and I owned my house outright. So when I realized the SBA loan would take too long, I decided to go to my personal bank and apply for a HELOC. The whole process took less than two weeks, the interest rates were great, and I never looked back. I was even allowed to use the HELOC for my franchise fee, which other financing wouldn’t allow.”
A franchise gives you the opportunity to have your own business with the safety net of a proven business model. However, the costs of starting and running a franchise can be substantial. The two best financing options to start your franchise are Rollovers for Business Startups and SBA loans. If you’re not sure where to begin you should reach out to your franchisor for help in the process because they should have experience with your specific franchise.
Franchisees who are operating a franchise location typically have their pick of financing options. We think the streamlined SBA loan from SmartBiz is the best option for those looking for up to $350K in working capital. With low SBA rates and 10-year repayment terms, these loans do not squeeze cash flow. Plus, SmartBiz has drastically reduced SBA loan funding times. Prequalifying online takes just a few minutes and they get loans funded in as little as 2 weeks.
By the end of this lesson, you will be able to manage all of your downloaded banking transactions. You will also understand how to enter basic banking transactions manually. Finally, you will be able to use the reconcile tool to ensure that the transactions on your bank statement match up with what has been entered into QuickBooks. This will result in up-to-date financial statements.
Balboa Capital works with franchisees in the quick service restaurant, fast casual dining, hospitality, and fitness industries. Helping you get the best financing solution is our primary goal, but we never forget the importance of excellent customer service. Your experienced Balboa Capital franchise financing manager will work closely with you and is committed to your success. Once we earn your business, you will see why we are fully accredited by the Better Business Bureau (BBB).
Delivered by industry experts with real small business experience, this highly anticipated program covers the 11 essential elements of running and operating a small business in just a few short weeks. The program also offers a great discount, ideal for those starting out. At only $349 the package will save you more than 40% on individual seminar registration.
The ROBS option allows you to use funds from your retirement savings to finance your franchise without paying early withdrawal penalties and taxes. This can be an attractive option for franchisees that struggle to get traditional loans and are comfortable with some amount of risk. Those with substantial retirement savings may feel most sanguine removing a portion of those funds for this purpose.
The Small Business Administration (SBA) is committed to helping small business owners get the funding they need to successfully start and run their business. The SBA is not a direct lender but rather sets guidelines for loans made by their partners. The SBA guarantees loans for select businesses, meaning they agree to pay the loan off if the owner defaults, which makes it easier for entrepreneurs to get funding.
If you're thinking about starting a business, you likely already have an idea of what you want to sell, or at least the market you want to enter. Do a quick search for existing companies in your chosen industry. Learn what current brand leaders are doing, and figure out how you can do it better. If you think your business can deliver something other companies don't (or deliver the same thing, but faster and cheaper), you've got a solid idea and are ready to create a business plan.
Dave Crenshaw is the master of building productive leaders. He has appeared in Time magazine, USA Today, Fast Company, and the BBC News. His courses on LinkedIn Learning have received millions of views. He has written four books and counting, including The Myth of Multitasking: How "Doing It All" Gets Nothing Done, which was published in six languages and is a time management bestseller. As an author, speaker, and online instructor, Dave has transformed hundreds of thousands of business leaders worldwide. Find out more at DaveCrenshaw.com.
At ApplePie Capital, we are committed to fair lending. We make our commercial credit products and services available to all qualified applicants on a consistent and fair basis. ApplePie Capital does not condone or tolerate discrimination against any applicant on any prohibited basis under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act or any applicable state or local law. Fair lending principles are integrated into our corporate policies, lending operations, staff training, marketing efforts, and third-party lending relationships.
Though the fastest growing entrepreneurs were entering this business model are Millennials. Franchising at a rate that cannot be ignored; the latest Census data shows that 66% of Millennials are interested in entrepreneurship, nearly making up 30% of all entrepreneurs are between 20-24 years old, and over 25% are self-employed. Additionally, they launch 160,000 start-ups each month motivating the IFA (International Franchise Association) to start the NextGen Franchise initiative that recognizes and supports young entrepreneurs. The IFA is going as far as reaching out to this generation while their still in school, introducing them to the benefits and possibilities of franchising offered through education, scholarship, and leadership. Another age group making up a large part of the market are the baby boomers and seniors. More services being developed are quality of life/wellness products, patient advocacy, non-medical home care, and respite care. And lastly, there are an increase in businesses interested in kids and child enrichment that is thriving and showing no signs of slowing down. Each has displayed an interest in getting kids moving, reading, thinking, and believing in themselves. These businesses have provided a sense of accomplishment and community within a supportive environment. Therefore, a trend of development centered around fitness, sports, music, art, STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math), tutoring, and child care have grown immensely. However, with the trends centering around technology, the food industry, and the distinct influence of individual age groups, franchising is proving to be a flourishing industry with a positive future.
ApplePie Capital (see our review) is an online lender that specializes in franchise financing. Founded in 2014, ApplePie was one of the first online lenders to offer franchise financing. After recently acquiring another franchise lender, ApplePie has expanded its offering to include SBA-backed loans, equipment loans, and conventional loans, in addition to its original “core” 3-7 year loan.
We love this lender for their sterling reputation, excellent customer support, and reasonable terms and rates. But again, you’ll need to already have an established franchise to qualify, as well as good credit. This loan also takes longer to apply for (and receive) compared to most other online franchise loans, and it can potentially take a couple months for the money to come through. You’ll need to submit all the documentation you’d need to get a traditional SBA loan, and it will be helpful if your franchise is already listed in the SBA Franchise Directory. Even though there are a few more hoops to jump through than with other alternative lenders, SmartBiz is still one of the quickest ways for a franchisee to get an SBA loan.
Your place on the credit spectrum is one factor that will determine which loans you’ll qualify for. You can get your credit report for free from each of the three major credit bureaus — Equifax, Experian and TransUnion — once a year. You can get your credit score for free from several credit card issuers as well as personal finance websites, including NerdWallet.
Get info on small business unsecured loans bad credit working capital loans for nonprofits | Get info on the best bank for small business loans small business loans alberta government
Tenant improvements. Your new space may need some improvements or alterations (a new paint job, new carpeting, a reconfiguration of the space). Which party will pay for these improvements depends on how tight the commercial office space market is in your city. Most form leases stipulate that the tenant can’t make any alterations or improvements without the landlord’s consent. Ask for a clause that says you can make alterations or improvements with the landlord’s consent, and that the consent won’t be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned. Often, you are able to negotiate a “tenant improvement allowance,” which is an agreed-upon sum of money that the landlord will provide for the improvements and alterations you would like to make.
This will include choosing and registering your business name and choosing a business structure. Many small business startups will choose between a sole-proprietorship, a partnership, and a limited liability company. However, you can also start a corporation or a non-profit company. Each of these structures will have different pros and cons and be treated differently when it comes time to file taxes.
Your answer will be something like the famous “elevator pitch”, or maybe a mission statement. It doesn’t matter whether it’s perfectly polished yet, but it is important that your answer is clear and easy to understand. If you were talking to your neighbours at a barbecue and they asked you what you do, would your answer make their eyes light up or glaze over? Would it make them ask for more details, or hurriedly excuse themselves to grab another burger?
2. You can do it because there is a business appropriate for just about everyone’s interests, experience, passions or expertise. “Starting a business” really only comes down to figuring out your business idea, doing your paperwork, and sorting out the money. Given the number of funding resources available today, you shouldn’t have too much of a problem getting that initial startup cash, especially if you focus on a lean business model or MVP route to market.
Plum Alley was founded by Deborah Jackson, who had over two decades of experience raising capital for businesses, in 2012 as a crowdfunding platform for women-run businesses that needed extra funding. In 2015, Plum Alley Investors emerged as a way to connect women-owned businesses with investors who want to invest specifically in women-run businesses. Plum Alley is unique in that their investors are dedicated to investing in women-centric businesses, and they help women gain access to the capital they need.
The second step is to be strategic about how and where you apply for a loan. Key targets for your loan application would be your own bank, local business lenders and national lenders. Within that group, it is also important to target lenders who may be familiar with the brand and have made loans to other franchisees. That said, don't use a shotgun approach and apply everywhere. This approach can lead to inefficient use of your time and money as the process can lead to several declines from lenders as you blindly submit applications. This process can take up to 120-190 days before you even get funded. Additionally, some lenders charge application fees so it can get expensive, but more importantly, a lender may do a "hard" credit pull on you when you apply. Multiple hard credit pulls within a timeframe will actually hurt your credit score and decrease your ability to get a loan. One alternative is to use a service like BoeFly, which puts you in the driver's seat. It allows lenders to evaluate your loan package and credit and engage with you directly without officially applying at the bank. Only once it seems like it may be a good match will the lender issue you a proposal or term sheet on the financing and then officially invite you to apply at the bank - thereby saving your credit score and time and money. Unlike other marketplaces and "connecting" websites, BoeFly can significantly reduce your time of origination by up to 75% as well as your costs.
Online lenders: While you may lack collateral, run a new business and need money quickly, you may find that an online lender is your best option. In general, online lenders should be a “last resort.” The average APR for online loans can be as high as 108 percent, making it difficult for small businesses to pay the money off before the debt balloons.
While many business experts believe that you should get into a business you are passionate about, it is important that you consider the market’s demand as well as your target demographics. You can’t start a business about something you love and expect people to patronize your services or your products on the get go. The success of a franchise hinges on a lot of factors, but demand and the target market should top your list.
Get info on easiest working capital loan working capital finance dubai | Get info on best small business loans for startups small business loans qld government
SBA loans are government-guaranteed loans with long repayment terms and low interest rates. There are many different types of SBA loans, but the most popular SBA loans are 7a loans and 504 loans. An SBA 7(a) loan can be used for working capital (marketing, staffing, etc), equipment, or for commercial real estate. The SBA 504 loan is only for commercial real estate and fixed equipment. Franchises are often a great fit for SBA loans, because of the SBA’s policy goals to help build small businesses to grow the economy.
But even if you’re not an internet startup or these techniques don’t feel right to you, you can still take steps to get money coming in quickly. If you run a service-based business, you can structure contracts so that clients have to pay a certain amount up front or at agreed milestones, instead of all at the end. With long-running projects, this can make a big difference to your cash flow. You can also offer special discounts and limited-time offers for people who sign up as early customers.
Online business lenders are a relatively new option, and they might provide more choice than you can find locally. You might also find it easier to get approved – these lenders are more interested in funding loans and growing than conservative banks and credit unions. Online lenders might also move faster than traditional lenders. That said, they’re not looking to lose money, so the loan still needs to make sense.
If you prefer that we do not share this information, and would not like to receive targeted advertising as described above, please see our Opt Out page. Note that if you opt out, you will still receive advertising. Also, if you opt out and later delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt out choice. If you would like to stop receiving Credit Based Offers as part of your enrollment in certain CIC products and services, please call Customer Care at 1-866-617-1894
With the relatively low margins in the restaurant industry, many franchise owners are cash strapped and may even have a turbulent credit history. This is not a problem. National Business Capital considers the big picture so a low FICO score does not pose an immediate disqualification. In fact, the majority of our clients were denied franchise loans from traditional banks before contacting us. Know that National Business Capital offers franchise loans to small– medium- and large-sized businesses nationwide – and works with all types of businesses, no matter what their credit history. Our clients’ franchise financing needs are addressed quickly, efficiently and with a personal touch, regardless of their credit score. Even an open tax lien will not disqualify an applicant.
Your business plan is essential to get approved for a loan. If you don’t have one yet, it’s time to create one. You need to show, with specific numbers, how you’ll earn money, how you’ll spend it, and your big-picture strategy. Explain who all of the players are in your business, especially management, marketing, and sales roles – those individuals will bring in new business that helps pay for the loan. It’s okay if you do all of those jobs – just explain why that is and your track record of success in those areas.
Personal loans are widely available, but if you’re trying to borrow for a small business, you’ll find that the process is more difficult. If you’re thinking of borrowing to start or grow your business, get started and get organized long before you fill out an application. Lenders want to be sure that they’ll get repaid, which means they’re looking for several criteria:
There are plenty of resources that business owners can refer to when putting together their loan applications. The Small Business Administration, for example, provides a highly detailed loan application checklist for borrowers. Using these resources can decrease your likelihood of coming across as disorganized or unprepared. [See Related Story: Applying for a Small Business Loan? Here's What You'll Need]
In this article we’re going to discuss how you can finance the purchase of a new franchise. We’ll discuss where to find franchise financing and what you need to consider before jumping in. We’ll also give you some options to think about if you actually need working capital financing for your existing franchise. Before we dive in, let’s take a quick look at your two best options for franchise financing.
Starting a small business doesn't have to require a lot of money, but it will involve some initial investment as well as the ability to cover ongoing expenses before you are turning a profit. Put together a spreadsheet that estimates the one-time startup costs for your business (licenses and permits, equipment, legal fees, insurance, branding, market research, inventory, trademarking, grand opening events, property leases, etc.), as well as what you anticipate you will need to keep your business running for at least 12 months (rent, utilities, marketing and advertising, production, supplies, travel expenses, employee salaries, your own salary, etc.).
Shannon is a writer and editor based in San Diego, CA. Shannon attended San Diego State University, graduating in 2005 with a BA in English. She is the former editor-in-chief of SteelOrbis, an online trade publication. Shannon has also published articles for LIVESTRONG.COM, eHow, Life'd, and other websites. She has been with Merchant Maverick since 2015, writing about POS software, small business loans, and financing for women entrepreneurs.
A number of costs go into the launching a franchise. Initial costs include paying for professional advisers such as a lawyer to look over contracts and an accountant to advise or manage your finances. You’ll also need to invest money up-front for anything your business will need: real estate or lease payments, inventory, equipment, supplies insurance, licenses, recruitment, employee preparation, and signage. A grand opening event and initial marketing expenses will also add to your startup costs. You’ll also want to account for ongoing expenses such as professional services, supplies, employee pay and benefits, rent or property taxes, utilities and maintenance.
6. Create local awareness and establish a network. Join chambers, business associations, community groups, etc. Find ways to get involved. Networking is a great way to capture business leads as long as you don’t come on too strong. It allows you to meet new contacts and create more brand awareness and new referrals. Sponsor sporting events, nonprofit events or anything that is for a good cause. Get your name out there while also being a good community steward. Give away SWAG (promotional items with your business name, logo and contact info on them). T-shirts are a great example of free walking advertisements for your business.
At the early stages of your startup, you will likely want to have a small employee team to minimize expenses. A good way to fill in for specialized expertise is to use freelancers or consultants. That way, you avoid taking on employee costs and benefits payments. And there are a variety of sites that can help you access freelancers, such as Freelancer.com, Guru.com, and Upwork.com.
A contract is, in essence, a written meeting of the minds. While it is typically drawn up by one party and favors the needs and requirements of that party, protecting them from most (if not all) liabilities, it should initially be thought of as a work in progress that changes and grows as each party contributes prior to signing, after which it becomes an official document. “Consideration,” whether it is monetary or a promise to do work or provide a service by a specified date, is at the root of a contract.
Starting a business involves a lot of moving factors, but the most important one is financing. You are going to need to spend some time evaluating your business model and writing your business plan before you can really determine the type of loan you need and the best way to secure that loan. As your business grows, your lending needs will change, so take the time now to understand the differences between lending and investing so you can be ready when your company starts to grow and needs to adjust its financing.
Looking for a quick and easy way to get growth capital for your franchise? Look no further than Balboa Capital. We can provide you with the franchise finance solution you need, with the flexible terms you want. From franchise re-imaging initiatives to new equipment to property improvement programs, we finance it all… and fast. We have a long track records of success in working with many franchise brands, some of which we are a Preferred and/or Qualified Lender for.
For these reasons, many franchise owners are turning to the alternative lending space for better financing options. Online lenders are generally more lenient in their borrower requirements and they also offer a much faster time to funding than traditional bank loans, often depositing funds in your account within a week of receiving your application.
Since there is no collateral for the SBA Express working capital loan, how do they determine who qualifies? Credit is a primary factor when lending working capital without collateral. Generally, you should have less than $15,000 in credit card debt, 10% of the loan amount as cash on hand and be able to show a 10% cash injection into your business. Like a mortgage, these can not be borrowed funds, however gifts from family is usually acceptable. Lastly, you need to show “comparable credit” comparable to the amount you wish to borrow. Typically, anyone with a mortgage past or present would qualify. Some exceptions are made for military veterans.
Data as of March 2017. Comparison of longest average store hours in the regions (MSAs) in which TD Bank operates compared to major banks. Major banks include our top 20 national competitors by MSA, our top five competitors in store share by MSA and any bank with greater or equal store share than TD Bank in the MSA. Major banks do not include banks that operate in retail stores such as grocery stores, or banks that do not fall in an MSA.
StreetShares is dedicated to helping U.S. military veteran entrepreneurs get funding for their small business ventures, which is why it is a good place to look if you want to start a small business and you’re a veteran. It’s free to see if you qualify for a loan, which is offered in terms of three months to three years, for up to $100,000. Businesses must be at least one-year-old or have at least $100,000 in revenue to qualify. You also must be a U.S. citizen and have decent credit.
If you own an existing franchise and are looking for working capital financing, then you’ll likely have even more options than you had when you started your business. These loans can be used to fund any business activity, such as to make payroll or to make equipment purchases. The table below shows some of the best options for working capital franchise financing and who each might be a good fit for.
Whereas working for someone else alleviates these responsibilities, the startup owner takes on all these stresses themselves. Not only that, every country has different laws, regulations and requirements to get your business up and running. So, even if you’ve started a business in one country, you’ve still got to do a pile of research to make sure you do it properly in another.
Some franchisors report being approached by financial brokers--historically more interested in big deals--to put together large pools of money using SBA and private funds. These funds would be available to franchisees through the franchisors like a trust fund. Groups of smaller banks with funds to invest would contribute to the fund from all over the country.
Consider using a tenant broker. A good tenant broker can be invaluable and will represent your company’s best interests. He or she will educate you on the current market; locate spaces that meet your stated parameters; arrange tours and accompany you to view these available spaces; and then prepare offer letters and negotiate with landlords for all spaces that work best for your company.
Many banks and credit unions offer financing for franchise purchases, so be sure to compare any franchisor lending rates and terms with these. When you approach a bank, be prepared to disclose all your financial information. While your credit rating is important, you’ll also need to provide a personal financial statement, copies of tax returns and information about the source of your down payment funds.
Working capital loans. A working capital loan is a debt borrowing vehicle used by the company to finance its daily operations. Companies use such loans to manage fluctuations in revenues and expenses due to seasonality or other circumstances in their business. Some working capital loans are unsecured, but companies that have little or no credit history will have to pledge collateral for the loan or provide a personal guarantee. Working capital loans tend to be short-term loans of 30 days to 1 year. Such loans typically vary from $5,000 to $100,000 for small businesses.
Traditionally, the first place franchisees turn for financing is the franchisor. Almost all U.S. franchisors provide debt financing only. Some carry the entire loan or a fraction thereof through their own finance company. We found fractions of 15 percent, 20 percent and 25 percent, all the way up to 75 percent of the total debt burden. The franchisors we talked to emphasized that these figures are simply guidelines and not hard and fast limits.
Visuals – As Instagram is a visual platform, special attention has to be given to the visual aspect of your posts. As well as choosing a color scheme to match your brand, you should also use a consistent filter. Using the same filter for your posts will help users recognize your images. For instance, Madewell’s Instagram incorporates its color scheme for consistent images and branding.
Over 99 percent of all business entities in the US are small businesses, according to The SBA Loan Book: The Complete Guide to Getting Financial Help Through the Small Business Administration. These businesses represent over half of the private workforce and the private-sector output and over 40 percent of all private commercial sales in the United States.
One of their loan programs is the SBA 8(a) business development program. According to their website, SBA’s 8(a) business development program is specifically dedicated to providing business assistance to entrepreneurs who are members of a socially and/or economically disadvantaged minority group who need help accessing mainstream economic capital. This program is divided into two sections and requires a nine-year commitment. The first four years are dedicated to development, and the remaining five years are a transition stage.
You can also use assets such as stocks, bonds, and mutual funds to secure a loan as long as they're not part of a qualified plan like an IRA profit-sharing plan. Also, if you are over age 59 and have a lot of money tied up in an IRA, you could use it for part of your financing requirements. Although you'll have to pay taxes on the amount used, not to mention suffer the loss of income from interest, it can be a good financing tool.
If you want to separate your personal liability from your company's liability, you may want to consider forming one of several types of corporations. This makes a business a separate entity apart from its owners, and therefore, corporations can own property, assume liability, pay taxes, enter into contracts, sue and be sued like any other individual. One of the most common structures for small businesses, however, is the limited liability corporation (LLC). This hybrid structure has the legal protections of a corporation while allowing for the tax benefits of a partnership.
The MBDA does not directly loan money, but it does provide resources for members of minority groups who are trying to start a business. They have business centers around the country where entrepreneurs can seek mentorship and guidance as they start their business. These business centers are located in areas with a high amount of minority-owned businesses. You can go to MBDA.gov/businesscenters to find one in your area where you will be advised on everything from writing a business plan so you can apply for funding to marketing your business.
- Let's talk a little bit about the future. At some point your business is going to near the final stages of being a small business and start to evolve into a medium, or even a large-sized business. The question is: who is going to lead this business at that point? Before we talked about the org chart and the difference between the founder and the president. Odds are, you have been filling both roles. The founder is the visionary, and the president is the person who makes the business run. But, when it comes time to transition into that medium-sized business, really it's time for you exit one or both of these positions. Why is that? Well, you have learned certain skills that have helped you succeed as a small business owner, but, a different set of skills is required for a large or medium-sized business, and there are people out there who have those skills. They have that expertise, and it's much better to hire someone else, rather than you put this burden on yourself. I've often seen…
One type of financing you'll want to think twice about is a home equity loan. While you'll be personally responsible for repaying any loan your business takes out if you are a sole proprietor or a co-signer, a home equity loan carries a level of risk that unsecured debt doesn't. Your credit could be hurt if your business doesn't repay money you borrowed, but your house isn't at risk in most circumstances unless you've taken a home equity loan.
In addition to building a relationship with the loan officer, you want to find out what exactly they need to see in your business plan. Go in with your plan already written and numbers in your head so you can confidently and intelligently discuss your business model, and ask the loan officer what specifically they want to see from a business plan. Take the time to revise your current business plan to match what the loan officer wants before you go back to the bank for your actual pitch.
Crowdfunding financing companies are platforms that raise money from both institutions and individuals, and they often lend it out to specific industries. Some focus on real estate, while others will focus specifically on small businesses or franchises. They typically bridge the gap between traditional business loans, like SBA loans, and alternative loans with much higher costs.
Franchises are consistently vulnerable to cash flow issues thanks to the many mandatory expenses they face all throughout the year. On top of operational expenses and growth-related investments, franchises must obey the fee guidelines of their parent company, or “Franchisor.” Royalty and advertising fees are deducted from weekly or monthly sales. Some franchise owners must pay for new employees to undergo special training programs. Certain upgrades might be required for specific dates, and the national marketing campaigns that come from the aforementioned deduction must usually be supplemented by local advertising.
Franchise business loans typically come with more attractive terms than you are likely to find for any other type of start-up business loan. This is because lenders consider the financial stability, business model, and previous success of the franchise parent company when reviewing a loan application. Banks and alternative lenders are finding franchises to be an increasingly attractive investment. In 2011, the SBA reported approval of $1.5 billion in 7(a) loans for franchises, up from approximately $826 million the previous fiscal year. The 7(a) loan-guarantee program is the SBA's most popular loan program.
Get info on journal entry for working capital loan best banks for startup small business loans | Get info on working capital loan santander working capital loan on balance sheet
Length of lease term. Landlords are typically willing to make concessions for longer-term leases. However, your company’s needs may change and you could find yourself locked into a lease for an office space that is too small, too big, or with rent that is above-market if demand for space subsequently declines. Try to negotiate a shorter-term lease with renewal options—a two-year lease with a two-year renewal option, for instance, rather than a four-year lease.
A franchise merchant cash advance (MCA) is a short-term loan that provides capital to franchises that need funding quickly. Approval for a merchant cash advance can take a matter of minutes, and funding can be completed in as little as 24-48 hours. Merchant cash advances work by having a funding company purchase a portion of your franchise’s future receivables at a discount, with an upfront payment to the franchise. After funding the funding company will then collect repayment by splitting each days credit card batches with the franchise.
Small businesses have a tougher time getting approved due to factors including lower sales volume and cash reserves; add to that bad personal credit or no collateral (such as real estate to secure a loan), and many small-business owners come up empty-handed. Getting funded takes longer than other options — typically two to six months — but banks are usually your lowest-APR option.
Have you ever thought about why health trends come and go? Today we're here with Mr. Ryan Lee, an author, health entrepreneur, and father of four. Ryan is going to give us an insane inside peek into how the health industry actually works in the age of the internet and social media.
Fresh non-starchy veggies are a fat-burner’s best friend. But eating them doesn’t have to be a chore.
For a lot of the health nuts out there it's easy to obsess about nutrition, but how many people are really paying attention to what's in the water they drink? Returning to the show today is one of my favorite guests, a wild man himself, Mr. Arthur Haines.
Do you like cookies? Type in your email and I’ll send you the best cookie recipe in the entire galaxy!
After 6 weeks on The Wild Diet, Kurt lost a total of 50 pounds, is off all of his prescription medications, and has dropped significantly more body fat than any other contestant!
What is the #1 roadblock holding you back from your ideal body? Find out in our quiz (takes 3 minutes).
The Fat-Burning Man show has ranked #1 in Health in 8+ countries for 5 years in a row and won 4 awards in independent media with more than 10 million downloads.
Abel, the host, is a NYT Bestselling Author and Celebrity Coach on ABC TV, and past guests of our show include celebrities, Olympians, and authors such as Tim Ferriss, Jackie Warner, Dr. David Perlmutter, and Shaun T.
The best way to optimize your health is by getting in the kitchen and cooking up your favorite foods.
Get your FAT-BURNING goodie bag that will teach you how to quickly and easily eliminate belly fat and reach optimal health. Just enter your email below and I’ll send it right to your inbox!
James Bridle: The nightmare videos of children's YouTube -- and what's wrong with the internet today
purchase viagra buy viagra paypal buy viagra without consultation buy viagra with no prescription can you buy viagra without prescriptions buy viagra overnight viagra for sale how do i get viagra with a prescription order viagra cheap buy viagra online usa
online pharmacy uk where to buy viagra uk is it illegal to buy viagra buy viagra sample where to buy viagra on line safest place to buy viagra online online viagra no prescription buy viagra canadian pharmacy cheap viagra online viagra
Lent, as most Christians know, is meant to be a time of reflection. It is a time of prayer, fasting, and trying to live simpler, all with the purpose of growing closer to God in our spiritual walk.
At the heart of the lenten season is the Ash Wednesday service, where Christians are called upon to recognize our mortality, repent of our sins, and return to our loving God. We recognize life as a precious gift from God, and re-turn our lives towards Jesus Christ. We may make resolutions and commit to change our lives over the next forty days so that we might be more like Christ.
And the most recognized aspect of the Ash Wednesday service is the placing of a “sign of the cross” on a person’s forehead with ashes.
Unless you’re too busy for all that nonsense. If so, several churches in the Washington, DC, area have come up with a service just for you: “Ashes to Go.” It’s even got its own hashtag: #ashtag
That time The Des Moines Register buried the arrest of one of their own to hype the arrest of Republicans as told by … 3321 views
Thank you for your interest in our products and services. All information will be held in the strictest confidence.
Summary A man stands and looks at a waterfall on Canyon Creek in Box Canyon, Ouray County, Colorado.
Notes Attribution to Jackson based on inclusion in bound W. H. Jackson sample album.; Hand-lettered title and "5815" reproduced in print.; Label on front of photoprint reads: "Out."; Mounted on verso of album page: WHJ-65.; R7003000643
Description Page from scrapbooks, consisting primarily of local newspaper articles, compiled by library staff at the Bloomsburg State Teachers College
Description Interview with Marge Thompson at her home in Grouse Creek, 19 July 1985 (pt. 2): wedding dances; writing and reciting poetry and readings; recitation of several original poems; 50th wedding anniversaries; use of school house and church over years. Mono, left channel only on tape. Overload on tape. Very loud hum on tape, sometimes difficult to hear voices. Top cut off. Total Duration: 45 minutes
Description Two-story building on the corner of Seventh and St. Catherine, Louisville, Kentucky. Ground floor appears to have a shop of some sort with posters for Frank Fehr's Brewing and a concert by the Florentine Singers; next door is a barber shop. Around the side of the building, on St. Catherine, is a pool room. Streetcar wires clearly visible at the top.
Description Officers of the Reserved Officers Training Corps (R.O.T.C.), pictured in the 1925 yearbook of Hume-Fogg High School. Additional pages list the R.O.T.C. program membership. The Hume-Fogg High School is a public high school located at 700 Broadway in Nashville, Tennessee. In 1912 Hume High School and Fogg High School merged into Hume-Fogg at the school's current site on Broadway. The building was constructed in the Tudor Revival style by architects William B. Ittner and Robert Sharp. In 1942 Hume-Fogg was recast as a Technical and Vocational School. In 1982 it was restructured to serve as an academic magnet school for Nashville's gifted and talented students. Hume-Fogg was added to the National Registry of Historic Places in 1974. Forms part of the Hume-Fogg High School Yearbook Collection. 1 yearbook.
It’s a fact that during the 2008 catastrophic stock market downturn, most investors lost significant wealth – and faith – in financial markets. Many never fully recovered – financially or psychologically. Strangely, most investors are poised to make the very same mistake during the next big market decline. Unfortunately, this is a result of Wall Street’s “set and forget it” approach to investing.
Here at Main Street Research we see things differently. Our Active Risk Management process mitigates the risk of catastrophic decline, as was the case in 2008, while at the same time allowing investors to participate in today’s rising market. If you are interested in avoiding past mistakes, we should talk. Call or visit www.ms-research.com. Minimum relationship $1 million.
Physical description: The dimensions given are for the whole sheet and not the printed area of the map.
"County Kildare," held by Ordnance Survey Ireland. © Public domain. Digital content: © Ordnance Survey Ireland, published by UCD Library, University College Dublin <http://digital.ucd.ie/view/ucdlib:41170>
Descriptions created by staff of UCD Library, University College Dublin. — Metadata creation date: 2015-01-26
Downloaded data can only be used for educational purposes or for research projects which are non-commercial. For all other uses, please contact the Ordnance Survey Ireland. See: http://www.osi.ie
Russian revolution dbq based upon these sources, what is the cause of the russian revolution support with 4 pieces of evidence and cite them document 2. The russian revolution was, while a huge economic, social, and political change, the result of a number of different factors that built up over time, including economic, military, and political circumstances. Causes of the russian revolution this is an extract from a gcse textbook written in 1984 by chris culpin, who was a teacher and chief examiner for gcse history.
The russian revolution in 1905 was important in russian history the economic problems, the russo-japanese war, and problems with the czar nicholas ii were the major causes of the russian revolution after the russo-japanese war ended, economic problems in russia started to kick in. The russian revolution of 1917 was the seizure of the central organs of state power in petrograd by the bolshevik under the leadership of lenin on october 25, 1917 the bolsheviks were a participant in the russian revolution belonging to the communist party of the soviet union the bolshevik party was founded by vladimir lenin. The russian revolution of 1905 began in st father gapon and many other city workers were upset with the tension that had arisen various factors contributed to making the russian people unhappy the long-term factors played a major role peasants were upset with their living conditions, wages.
The overthrow of the russian tsarist autocracy by the urban proletariat in 1917 was arguably the single most important event in the history of russia but, as with many revolutions, it was in no way spontaneous. Essays on the 1905 russian revolution causes of the russian revolution harvey wallbanger popcorn essay, resume message broker, popular essays editor sites. The russian revolution 1917 essaysthis essay aims to discuss the consequences and significance that the russian revolution in 1917, brought to the world and in russia. Before 1905, russia was a country that was led by a czar who held full power and control over the country and its inhabitants the people of.
The causes of the russian revolution of 1917 essays: over 180,000 the causes of the russian revolution of 1917 essays, the causes of the russian revolution of 1917 term papers, the causes of the russian revolution of 1917 research paper, book reports 184 990 essays, term and research papers available for unlimited access. The history of the october socialist revolution belongs to the themes that have attracted the most attention of both foreign and russian historiography, because its victory radically changed the position of all classes and strata of the russian population as well as the party system, which had a great impact on world's. Essay: the october revolution introduction the october revolution, officially known as the great october socialist revolution and commonly referred to as red october, the october uprising or the bolshevik revolution, was a seizure of state power instrumental in the larger russian revolution of 1917. The failures and causes of russian revolution on studybaycom - other, essay - amalia, id - 100004870. The russian revolution has had a profound impact on 20th century world history it ended russia's involvement in world war i, and at the same time, led to the russian civil war in which bolshevik 'red' forces fought conservative 'white' forces between 1917 and 1922.
Russian revolution essay by in order to gain mass support for their causes the assassinations of landlords and taking over of land did little in the long run. The russian revolution of 1917 was one of the most significant events in the 20 th century it completely changed the government and outlook on life in the very large country of russia it completely changed the government and outlook on life in the very large country of russia. Check out our top free essays on causes of russian revolution to help you write your own essay. Causes of russian revolution essays: over 180,000 causes of russian revolution essays, causes of russian revolution term papers, causes of russian revolution research paper, book reports 184 990 essays, term and research papers available for unlimited access.
The main causes of the russian revolution of 1917 were the poverty of the peasant class, the rise of the urban industrial class, the antiquated and oppressed military, a growing intellectual movement, and the inefficiency and autocracy of the tsarist regime the revolution was catalyzed by russia's. Thematic essay, dbq essay) on this exam after each question has been rated the required haitian revolution, industrial revolution, russian revolution, mexican. The purpose of this essay it to illustrate the causes of the russian revolution (november 1917), analyse the consequences and evaluate conflicting interpretations the russian revolution of november 1917 was one of the most notable events in modern history, bringing about the first ever modern socialist government.
A bbc bitesize secondary school revision resource for higher history on the causes of the february revolution in russia: the beginnings of the revolution gcse: causes of the russian.
Russian revolution essay plans 1 gcse 2 why was there a revolution in russia in march 1917 why was there a revolution in russia in march 1917 (2) what were the causes of the march revolution was the provisional government doomed from the start why was there a second revolution in.
Russian revolution russian revolution the 3rd estate, or national assembly, wanted a change so they went to an indoor tennis court and took an oath they named this the tennis court oath the king did not like the amount of power the 3rd estate has gained he then sent troops to go put down the the. Causes of the russian revolution this research paper causes of the russian revolution and other 64,000+ term papers, college essay examples and free essays are available now on reviewessayscom. The first major event of the russian revolution was the february revolution, which was a chaotic affair and the culmination of over a century of civil military unrest.
an analysis of the american death penalty and the concept of capital punishment in the united states
Beautifully Upholstered in LeatherPlus (B8376) or Microfiber (B8386).. LeatherPlus is Leather and Polyurethane for Added Softness and Durability.
Discount Printer Ribbons is proud to present this 86TL lift-off correction tape for your typewriter. This lift off tape is designed to correct any typographical errors made while typing. It is made of a cellophane like tape that lifts off the incorrect character typed.
Well past 6.5 and if I had to give a guess Im thinking at least 10.5. Good luck if that is your target buck. He looks great.
Hard to judge after seeing his picture last year. I agree, he looks 3 or 4 in that picture last year. He may be a really healthy 5 year old that has some big potential.
The Community Preservation Corp. Appoints Riggs as New Director of New York City Originations Team - Community Preservation Corporation
New York, NY - The Community Preservation Corp. (CPC), a leading non-profit lender for affordable housing throughout New York State, announced today that its Bronx and Brooklyn offices are being consolidated into a single New York City originations team to be led by Robert Riggs, senior vice president and current regional director of the Brooklyn region.
Riggs has served as director of CPC's Brooklyn region since 2008. He joined CPC in 2000 as a mortgage officer in the Brooklyn office. Prior to CPC, Riggs spent four years at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York analyzing strategies for private lending and investment in urban communities. He also worked as an intern in the New York City Department of Housing Preservation & Development after graduating from college.
"The consolidated New York City team will strengthen CPC's ongoing efforts to comprehensively serve the needs of the affordable housing community, with the combined expertise and resources benefiting our staff, our borrowers, and our partners throughout the city," said Rafael Cestero, president and CEO, CPC. "I have no doubt that Robert will do an excellent job in this new role and that he will help to bring the Bronx and Brooklyn offices together seamlessly. The breadth of his knowledge and experience with regard to the market and the industry continues to be a tremendous asset to the team."
Аккаунт Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ ДАННЫЕ АККАУНТА В STEAM, логин:пароль ;почту:пароль ! ДАННЫЙ АККАУНТ И ДАННЫЕ ПОЧТОВОГО ЯЩИКА (ПРИ ЖЕЛАНИИ МОЖЕТЕ ИЗМЕНИТЬ). 1. Необходимо скачать и установить Steam http://steampowered.com/download/SteamInstall.msi (если еще не установлен) 2. ЗАЙТИ В НАСТРОЙКИ STEAM а. ПОМЕНЯТЬ E-mail (ЭЛЕКТРОННУЮ ПОЧТУ) б. ПОМЕНЯТЬ ПАРОЛЬ в. ПОМЕНЯТЬ СЕКРЕТНЫЙ ВОПРОС г. ПРОВЕРИТЬ СВОЙ E-mail (ЭЛ.ПОЧТУ) и ПРИНЯТЬ ПИСЬМО ССЫЛКОЙ ДЛЯ ПОДТВЕРЖДЕНИЯ СВОЕГО E-mail (ЭЛ.ПОЧТЫ) д. ВКЛЮЧИТЬ Steam Guard 3. ПРИЯТНОЙ ИГРЫ
https://jp.cointelegraph.com/news/china-after-banning-exchanges-authorities-move-to-close-exchange-like-services
Give a gift basket full of smiles Custom made Gift Baskets. You set the price we make it etsy.me/1v62D2L #CCFRNDS #Etsymnt Please RT
When I began doing craft shows, one of the biggest stumbling blocks I faced was trying to figure out how and where to place my tables in the...
Blog Archive November (2) October (5) September (4) August (26) July (13) June (22) May (24) April (58) March (40) February (31) January (33) December (60) November (54) October (64) September (62) August (16) July (46) June (30) May (62) April (53) March (61) February (61) January (89) December (46) November (58) October (112) September (4) August (5) July (4) June (9) May (6) April (4) March (5) February (5) January (6) December (4) November (6) October (5) September (18) August (8) July (5) June (7) May (7) April (5) March (4) February (5) January (13) December (4) November (9) October (6) September (9) August (14) July (14) June (5) May (7) April (7) March (5) February (7) January (8) December (4) November (12) October (11) September (10) August (15) July (8) June (4) May (5) April (4) March (7) February (14) January (7) December (5) November (6) October (8) September (3) August (5) July (5) June (4) May (9) April (11) March (27) February (8) January (6) December (2) November (6) October (7) September (5) August (5) July (5) June (5) May (9) April (6) March (6) February (4) January (4) December (7) November (4) October (9) September (2) August (2) March (3) February (3) January (6) December (1) November (5) October (2) September (3) August (10) July (13) June (15)
The European Commission issued its latest reports on steps taken by Bulgaria and Romania to meet their commitments on judicial reform and the fight against corruption, and in the case of Bulgaria organised crime, in the context of the Cooperation and...
Copyright © 2017 The Knox Student. All content on theknoxstudent.com is the property of The Knox Student unless otherwise noted, and may not be reproduced or published without express permission from said content's creator(s) and the editor-in-chief. Opinions expressed in the print and/or online editions of The Knox Student are not necessarily those of Knox College or of its faculty, administration or student body.
Try as I might, I can’t stop getting annoyed by the whole debate surrounding Suzanne Moore and her continuing feud with the so-called “trans cabal” (this isn’t really an article by the way, just a series of random points – but at least it is mercifully shorter than my last effort).
Yesterday, Moore wrote a bizarre article in which we sought to argue that her persecution at the hands of transgender and queer activists is a freedom of speech issue.
What’s got her and, for example, Padraig Reidy at the Index on Censorship, jumping up and down is that the International Development Minister Lynne Featherstone tweeted on Sunday that she thought Julie Burchill should have been “sacked” for her Observer article attacking transgender people. Now, for the record, I don’t think Featherstone’s intervention was very sensible. As has been pointed out by others ad infinitum, Burchill is a freelancer and any intervention by a government minister was bound to end up a distraction – and so it has proven. Both Reidy and Moore have leapt on this as an example of state censorship and proof that Leveson report is dangerous nonsense that will lead to government interference of newspapers. The fact that this was a junior minister who is a member of a junior coalition partner just expressing her personal opinion (and the fact that Leveson wasn’t actually arguing for a government body to regulate the media but rather self-regulation underpinned by a statute to be overseen by the judiciary) gets ignored amidst all the shrieking.
The fact is, this is not a freedom of speech issue. The Observer did not take down the Burchill article (and I agree with Jane Fae that it was counterproductive for them to do so) because of Lynne Featherstone or any other government minister’s intervention – you can bet they’d be shouting about it right now if they had done so. It will be interesting to see what they say about it on Sunday but right now it appears that the editor John Mulholland took it down for the exact same reason he put it up in the first place: good old fashioned venality. They that sow the wind, shall reap the whirlwind.
I’m highly suspicious of people who are quick to leap up and down about Featherstone’s intervention being somehow sinister and an attack on civil liberties, while being so blithe about the assymetric power dynamic between Moore and her critics. There are a lot of pissed off trans and queer people out there right now who feel that Moore has been using her considerably privileged media platform to utterly misrepresent them in this debate. Again, Stavvers sums it up better than I could. What I don’t understand is why Moore is sticking to her guns in terms of her right to express her “anger and pain” while at the same time is so utterly blind at the fact that the people who are furious with her are doing exactly the same thing. At the end of her article she writes:
So I regret not making it clearer that we need both love and anger to be free. And you may continue to hate me, put me on lists, cast me out of the left. Free-thinking is always problematic. But if you take away my freedom to love, be intemperate, silly, angry, human, ask yourself who really wins? Who?
Yet it has been clear from the get go, that the problem has been her capacity to love in the first place. She escalated this row, and she continues to do so on an hourly basis on Twitter. As Deborah Orr said in response to her latest (at the time of writing) explicit troll:
The most telling line in Moore’s article is when she compares Featherstone to being a “humourless, authoritarian moron” (my emphasis). She isn’t the first to imply, or even express out loud that the problem at the heart of this debate is people who just “can’t take a joke”. Usually claims of humourlessness are the preserve of people like Jeremy Clarkson in their unending defence of “banter“. I’ve seen an awful lot of people over the past week making pretty similar defences, only suggesting that it is only transgender people and their friends who need to “get over it”. For some reason we are supposed to feel great at the progress we’ve made in fighting cissexism, homophobia and racism – yet we are meant to accept that trans people are an exception it is fine to laugh at and casually dehumanise. The debate seems, at its heart, to be between people who see this as an intolerable contradiction and people who don’t.
Finally, if we are to believe that this is a freedom of speech issue, and that Lynne Featherstone represents an oppressive, authoritarian government determined to crack down on the freedom of expression, why is it that the same government has just this week agreed to scrap Section 5 of the Public Order Act 1986? Both Padraig Reidy and Suzanne Moore chose to ignore this inconvenient little factoid. In the case of Reidy, and the Index on Censorship, they have failed to acknowledge this at all on either their blog or weekly email newsletter. Perhaps this is because it’s a little bit of state oppression that never really affected journalists? Throughout this week I haven’t been able to shake the feeling that the real anxieties at the heart of this debate are rooted in professional self-interest rather than any genuinely noble concerns about the state of democracy; I’ve seen very little to shift this notion.
I’ve been pondering over whether to write a post about identity politics-centred twitterstorms for a while now, but each time I get close to doing so, I back off. The reason? A fear of getting engulfed in the same maelstrom that I’d be commenting on. That in itself is probably a good reason to write, but I think I should start off with a number of disclaimers.
Firstly, this blog is primarily a means by which I seek to order my own thoughts. I welcome other people’s constructive feedback because that, in turn this helps to further order my thoughts. If people agree or are inspired by what I say that’s tremendous. What it most certainly is not is an attempt to lecture people or hector them. If you are tempted to verbally assault me for anything I write here, please consider for a moment that it may just be that we disagree (or that you don’t like what I have to say) rather than assume I am being condescending or trying to silence you. I am certainly not attempting to speak for anyone other than myself.
Secondly, my knowledge of gender studies is almost certainly defective although I do my best to look up and understand unfamiliar terms. If I get any concepts wrong here (in fact, I’ve ended up largely trying to avoid them to make this article as accessible as possible), then I’m sorry and would be happy to make a correction if you point them out.
Thirdly, I’m writing this as someone who has been a political campaigner for 18 years (Has it really been 18 years?) and in the spirit of support for cultural and economic equality for everyone regardless of their identity or background. I hope that anyone who reads this will find it interesting and useful. In all likelihood, it won’t be. Either way, please read it with that in mind rather than view it automatically with suspicion as something written by a white, middle aged, middle class, southern English man in an exclusive, long term heterosexual relationship.
Why all the disclaimers and nervousness? Because some of the people involved in this storm are people I have tremendous respect and admiration for, and I really don’t want to fall out with them. At the same time, it feels as if the battle lines have been drawn in this debate and people seem to get pigeonholed (or indeed pigeonhole themselves) on one side of the debate or the other within seconds. Rational or not, it does feel somewhat as if the odd wrong word here or there is liable to blow up in my face. From reading Stella Duffy’s article on the Suzanne Moore row, it would appear that it isn’t just white middle class men who have this anxiety.
I genuinely can’t decide whether it is to queer feminists’ credit or detriment that I’m as concerned as I am about blundering into this debate as I am in a way that I wouldn’t think twice about in pretty much any other subject (I blog on all subjects these days much less than I do, but that has more to do with a fear of repeating myself than actually offending anyone). People being mindful of the language they use is a good thing; sclerosis caused by a fear about unintentionally offending people is not. Disagreeing in public with someone you like – especially if that person is experiencing a crisis to a greater or lesser extent – is much harder than disagreeing with someone you don’t.
It’s further complicated by my indecision about to what extent I actually disagree or who I disagree with. When considering the recent rows between, for example, Caitlin Moran and her critics over the last few weeks, there have been numerous times when I’ve switched sides as a new fact here or there emerged.
Finally there is the fact that I’m not perfect, and indeed my own views are evolving. My interest in feminism over the past decade, and especially over the last five years, has increased enormously partly as I’ve changed and partly as what I perceived as a rather sterile debate has revived itself. Would I blunder into the “female political blogosphere” debate quite as cackhandedly and insensitively as I did five years ago? One of the problems with having views which are emergent, is that you are rarely confident of them, especially when there are things you are on the record of having written in the recent past which you are not entirely proud of.
Anyway, enough introspection and onto the main purpose of this article. I can’t really improve on Stavvers’ analysis of the Suzanne Moore row (at least as of Friday; it has moved on since then). For me though, the most depressing moment was when I saw Graham Linehan tweet this:
I know a lot of people dismissed Linehan’s views a long time ago as just another member of the privileged elite closing ranks, but I was genuinely surprised to see someone who considers himself to be on the left making such a crass intervention; this isn’t so much Jeremy Clarkson-lite as Jeremy Clarkson. Even as an adolescent in the 80s in a boys school for whom women were an alien species, Millie Tant seemed like a particular low point for Viz. The jokes seemed to be just a little bit too obvious; the target just a tiny bit too easy; the strip just a teensy bit too defensive. The implication of Linehan’s tweet was that we are going back to a point in which feminism and mainstream culture simply had nothing to say to each other and that he, as part of the mainstream, was putting as much distance between it and himself as possible.
Suzanne Moore’s wounds this week were entirely self inflicted. Her response to her critics was to give them both barrels and ended up escalating the argument from a small matter of poor taste and judgement to becoming grossly offensive in a matter of minutes. What I hope her most fervent critics have noticed however is that an awful lot of sensible, rational supporters of equality ended up taking her side. In most cases, that was a kneejerk reaction having failed to bother reading the debate, let alone what Moore herself actually said (today’s revulsion by many of the same people to the Julie Burchill article in which she does little more than repeat the thrust of Moore’s argument suggests that), but who can say they don’t depend on heuristics when it comes to taking side in a debate?
It seems to me that there’s a perception problem here that somehow needs to get tackled. The problem is, we seem to be experiencing a case of ever decreasing circles here. As Stavvers writes:
Privileged person nakedly articulates something privileged or wrong or harmful. It pisses off those who are harmed by it–or those who know just how harmful such naked articulations of privilege can be. We express this. We are told not to be angry, or rude, to be rational and logical. It is all derailed. The privileged person fails to learn, change, grow, be better. They act as though they are the victim of some unreasonable mob, never giving a second’s thought to why people are angry.
I understand and share Stavvers’ and others’ frustration at this. Where (I think) I disagree with her is that the answer is to plough on, getting steadily angrier, until the “revolution” arrives (ironically of course, Suzanne Moore’s article which started this latest cycle was also in defence of anger).
Notwithstanding the fact that Burchill may have indirectly helped matters by laying her transphobia bare for all to see in her defence of Moore, I don’t see this circle and widening gulf ending well for the queer feminists. The greater danger is a return to the situation in the 90s in which feminists, when they occasionally emerged blinking into the spotlight of mainstream attention at all, had nothing more to say other than that the fight had been won by a mixture of Thatcherism, Madonna and the Spice Girls. It’s been quite refreshing to see women of the generation after mine take ownership of feminism in the way that women (let alone men) of my generation largely did not. At the moment, I worry that this trend may be on the verge of reversing.
None of this is intended to let the commentariat off the hook. The target of much of this ire recently has been Caitlin Moran. Helen Lewis wrote a blog a couple of weeks ago which went through many of the Caitlin Moran controversies. I found it genuinely enlightening, and it presents a much more sympathetic figure in Moran than her critics tend to present. But if the defenders of Moore were guilty of letting their prejudices about her critics blind them to what she actually wrote, and this is a problem queer feminists must tackle, then the same can be said of Moran. She’s got herself into a rut, with people who ought to be her champions hating her. And it’s happened because she lets her temper and weakness for a cheap gag and playing to the audience get the better of her too often. She’s allowed herself to become surrounded by a group of likeminded writers who, like her, have gone from fearing the mob to actively baiting it. And in doing so, all too often she betrays the values she espouses.
Is rapprochement really too much to ask for? Is the gulf between these two sides really so great? It is terribly fashionable to say that the left likes its infighting, but I’m not sure that actually applies to more than a minority; most people just find it all rather alienating.
For the commentariat, the demands are pretty simple: have a bit of care for your language and don’t make a minority group which faces prejudice and oppression the butt of a cheap laugh, no matter how “accessible” that makes you as a writer (I don’t believe this anyway; in what way would Suzanne Moore’s article have been undermined if she’s replaced “Brazilian transsexual” with “supermodel”? If anything it would have made it more accessible). If you lose your temper on Twitter, like Moran did when she ill-advisedly told someone she “literally couldn’t give a shit about” women of colour, then expect a storm. As a public figure, you can’t complain when it leads to a load of abuse any more than any politician could do so if they made a gaffe.
And there’s the rub. Because what a lot of this row feels like to me is a group of people who are incredibly uncomfortable with the slow dawning realisation that social media, a thing they hitherto embraced as a great leveller, is leading to increased scrutiny and thus accountability that they assumed would only happen to “them” – the politicians, bankers and business people who they perceived as alien and thus the problem. It must be a horrible feeling to suddenly realise you are perceived in much the same way as the people you yourself consider to be the establishment.
As someone who, in a previous lifetime, was a relatively high profile Liberal Democrat blogger and activist, that level of scrutiny and, yes, abuse, is something I take for granted (admittedly, at a lower level). Yes, it is often difficult to deal with and you wouldn’t be human if you always dealt with it with that perfect blend of diplomacy, tact and humour that is often necessary. But however unfair much of it is, it’s a fact of life.
It is worth noting that when politicians get abuse on social media they don’t, as a rule, attempt to smear all their critics with the same brush when responding to it. A few exceptions exist, notably people like Nadine Dorries. Here then is a hint, journalists: if you invite comparisons to Nadine Dorries, you are doing it wrong. Unlike Nadine Dorries however, all too often they get away with it; their supporters simply swallow it as fact when of course it isn’t. That’s a repository of good will which is being abused. Optimistically, I’d like to think that the commentariat will simply calm down after a few years as it learns to take the rough with the smooth of social media. There is however a chance that they will simply continue to close ranks. I doubt this will do newspaper sales many favours (accountability of journalism is also a theme of the Leveson report and thus received a similarly over the top and defensive response from journalists, but I think I’ll leave that hanging for now).
For queer feminists, the challenge is somewhat more amorphous, not least of all because it is a more amorphous grouping. The fact is that there are a lot of people out there who will happily jump on anyone they disagree with on Twitter and start issuing the death threats and piling on the abuse. James Ball triumphantly spent this afternoon retweeting a number of the ones he received for making some mildly satirical comments.
I find the vogue on Twitter to express a desire to “kill” or “set on fire” anyone you happen to disagree with rather odd. It’s tempting to dismiss it on the basis that the individuals concerned can’t really mean it, are being satirical and that the correct interpretation is that it is simply shorthand for an expression is strident disagreement, but I think there’s probably a bit more to it than that (I also wonder, at the risk of sounding patronising, whether it is a cultural issue and that the generation who spent their adolescence using the internet simply developed a different grammar and cultural norms which us oldies can’t interpret). Either way I somehow doubt that, on a psychological level, having 20 people superficially threaten to kill you does anyone any good in terms of developing an open mind about their threateners’ opinions.
I’m not going to go down a cul-de-sac about whether right-minded people have a moral obligation to condemn the threats; I don’t think that particularly gets anyone anywhere. What I do question however is whether the rhetoric of self-righteous anger is particularly helpful. No injustice was ever resolved without at least one person being angry enough to do something about it; that’s pretty redundant. But I question that anger itself should be celebrated in the way that both Moore and Stavvers were suggesting.
A lot of the time the expression of anger is a just massive suck on energy. But it’s actually worse than that. As a tool, the expression of anger has only ever been effective when it has hit the right target and when there have been other tools at people’s disposal to back it up. The poll tax riots worked – but only because there was a political opposition to Thatcher which reaped the benefits politically. 2010’s student protests failed because there was no other channel with which to direct the rage; ironically, the Tories did a fantastic job at getting that rage deflected on the Lib Dems and using it against them during the AV referendum (and by doing so, ensuring that the political system remains as unresponsive as ever). Anger without being connected to anything is simply the verbal and/or political equivalent of letting off a machine gun in a crowded street and hoping it will hit the right target.
I’m reminded of the Guy Aitchison / Jeremy Gilbert dialogue in the book Regeneration (which I failed to review last year), in which Guy’s explanation of the protest movement’s strategy depressingly resembled the Underpants Gnomes’ business strategy in South Park. To be fair, this confusion between tactics and strategy is hardly a problem unique to the radical left (in the Lib Dems’ case, you can replace “anger” with “Focus leaflet” and reach pretty much the same conclusion – although admittedly all those leaflets have proven themselves to be far more effective than riots), but it is a massively under-appreciated one amongst lefties (of course, there isn’t a perfect overlap between queer feminists and the radical left, but there is hopefully sufficient crossover for it to give people pause for thought).
Suffice to say, by all means hold on to your anger – you need it and it will keep you going. But if you aren’t combining every protest and attack with a concerted effort to build bridges and alliances, all you will succeed in doing is alienating people who should be your allies and burning yourself out. Don’t let your anger end up blinding you into carving up the world into some Manichean divide of light and dark, or the light will just look increasingly dim. And don’t confuse genuine anger with casual irritation, which is all an emotionally stunted individual needs to start issuing death threats on Twitter. They aren’t angry; they’re just nasty.
But the other area in which people could improve matters is in communications. Gender studies is the only field I’ve come across in which a criticism over the use of inaccessible language is quite so frequently inferred to be an attack on the field itself. To be fair, cis- is a useful piece of shorthand as long as everyone is on the same page, but if you’re trying to convince someone who hasn’t come across the term that you aren’t being deliberately obscurantist, it simply isn’t helpful. “Intersectionality” is arguably even worse. Again, it isn’t the meaning of the term that I would take issue with (although the term does appear to have drifted from referring to an area of study to referring to an agenda), just the way the term seems to be so frequently held aloft like some kind of talisman. I’ve lost count of the number of tweets I’ve read over the last year that go along the lines of “I just don’t understand why people can oppose intersectionality”. If each time someone wrote something like that they replaced the i-word with something like “awareness that all women face discrimination and the importance of solidarity” (that can certainly be improved upon, but it’s less than 140 chars), an awful lot of progress would have been made. At its heart, this row is rooted in people being defensive in their use of language; a bit of give and take seems necessary on both sides. If your aim is to bring people on the fence over to your side, then speaking in terms they don’t find alienating is a basic step. I’m genuinely confused why this appears to have become such a shibboleth.
I hope that, as tempers start to cool, people on both sides of the divide might attempt to reach out to the other side. If they don’t, then it will simply be an opportunity wasted.
UPDATE: There was an observation I meant to make in this post about the double standard when it comes to “twitterstorms” but I forgot. It was simply an observation that some of the same people who I observed dismissing the idea that abuse on Twitter could effectively silence a feminist writer then went on to defend Suzanne Moore against those selfsame awful feminists. An example is Hayley Campbell here and here, although Hayley is by no means alone. I wanted to include this point not to single people out but to observe quite how tribal this whole debate has become.
Jane Fae: Burchill’s attack follows the same pattern – trans stories are only of interest if we star as villains
Cabinteely is a small town located along side of bray road in Dublin. There is a park located in the heart of this town. A wide open space with lovely green meadows all around with well tarred roads, a pond and a church. I was in an official visit in Dublin and my office was in Cabinteely near this park. I spotted this park on my second day while I was doing my noon-walk after my lunch(Chicken-lamp sandwich and coffee). This park struck me surprisingly when I was sauntering through the sideways of road. Devoid of gaggle, this place appeared so attractive and peaceful to me.
I walked in through the tall gates which one was kept open. No one around, I felt absurd, but I kept exploring in. The entrance of the park welcomed me with three roads perpendicularly splitting to three directions, Left, right and one straight. The road to left leads to woods filled with rotten bushes and groves withered in the winter frost. I don’t know its because I watch a lot of hollywood movies, walking through this road leaves me in vibes of horror. Rusty seesaw, slides and merry go-round and spin amidst rotten bushes and mosses covered trees. These rides makes that erring sound when the zephyr passes on. I always stay away from this path to my best. There is an arm-chair which is placed at the starting of this road which give a better wide angle view of the whole park including the church and the pond. I usually sit there and have my sandwich and coffee(Lunch). The view from that arm chair is something which I want to have it every day and that view never bores me. Since Dublin is near Black sea a frequent zephyr will always whirl around. At times these zephyr wear the gusty attire and rushes in unexpectedly, even at those times I used to hold my coffee cup tight between my thighs and have my sandwich holding with both my hands sitting in that arm chair. But I won’t spare to miss the sit in that armchair.
The straight road goes alongside of a pond and leads to a Church which is at a distance of 400-500m from the entrance. That Christian church was built in early ages, I don’t know the exact century but its English Christian architecture clearly reflects its age. I never got a chance to go inside and have look,so nil idea about how the nave of that church looks like but the facade has two elevated cone shaped roofs. Whenever I take this path, there will be a mass of albatross and duck swimming in or walking through the verges of the pond. Arm chairs were mounted around it and I always get to see some golden-ages feeding these birds with the grains they bring with. May be that's the reason these birds always hang around this pond. I feels like to join them, but because of not having anything in my hand for those birds, I hesitate to show up. The road which leads to the right from the entrance has nothing along but it stretches around the wavy green meadows. I am pretty sure these roads will have a meeting place somewhere on the back of this park. I never got enough time to go round all the way since I visit this park at my lunch timings, I regret.
The wide angle view from the entrance is mind blowing with green meadows, church and white albatross flying around. Mostly people visit this park to sweat a bucket, in a cold country like Ireland it’s very important. If you are lucky enough, you would meet some pretty Irish ladies jogging with their tiny dangling dogs tagged up with them . I can only relate this place to a space perfect to meditate or contemplate. The ambiance of this place will loose out anyone from the consciousness of time and make them absolutely eternal. May be you will find this park in marathon or cycling websites but not in lime light. None will find this place in any of those mainstream Ireland itineraries. There are many other parks in Ireland huger and greener than Cabinteely park. Like Phoenix park, which I visited on my last day in Ireland. The size of park in Pheonix has no comparison with the one in Cabinteely, its such huge. But Cabinteely park would win the run for its solitude, calmness and its middling human presence. This place has won my love with it.
Getting a college degree is one of the most important investments you'll make. Financial aid is critical for moving forward with your dreams and the options ava
Fort Lauderdale is located approximately 23 miles north of Miami and 42 miles south of Palm Beach and is the seventh largest city in Florida. The Atlantic Ocean, New River and many inland waterways
If you've ever marveled at how accurately actors embody the characters in a period piece, or felt transported to a different place (even a place that may not technically exist, like Gotham), yo
June 2, 2008 -- Yves Saint-Laurent, one of the most influential designers of the last half of the 20th century, has died at the age of 71. He was perhaps most famous for democratizing fashion by ma
Break out the entitlement, because a Full Moon in Leo requires a diva attitude. Reign supreme in your life and rule your school. Yes, despite this moon opposing the pesky Mercury Retrograde, there is power in enforcing your ego now. As for areas, per sign, to push the envelope with added flourishes that celebrate your fabulousness:
Aries: Buy something beautiful for yourself and decorate as necessary. Think of yourself like a Christmas tree and stay bright!
Taurus: Get in family time or at the least, get into homebody mode with style: food deliveries, internet shopping, movie marathons, booty calls on speed dial, bubble baths, etc.
Gemini: Your creative flow will be on. Write, speak and express yourself to an audience, whether or not they are in front of you, others will be listening.
Cancer: Polish up the silver and enjoy the material things you own or covet. Attachments are attachments and it’s totally okay if you’re feeling emotions for physical objects.
Leo: Your confidence will be soaring higher, believe it and love it. Be extra generous with the love.
Virgo: Heavy bouts of sentiment will occur, making reflection necessary. If this means solitude, don’t hesitate to close your doors until further notice.
Scorpio: Toot your own horn. If you want others to care about your projects, be responsible for your own PR. Remember, you’re the sign of persistence.
Sagittarius: A metaphysical journey will begin now. Be open to the opportunities to peer into new dimensions, but don’t get lost in the fanfare of idealism either.
Capricorn: Showing your trust is an intimate affair. Don’t be scared to pull someone closer, because trying is the only way to learn.
Aquarius: Challenge in relationships will feel extra dramatic, but knock those walls down, as contrast is what will make your rainbow now.
Pisces: Giving yourself to others puts you at your best, but that doesn’t mean to go overboard, as you will also have a case of hypochondria to battle now.
Angella Ahn: Thank you. (Applause) Thank you so much. We are so honored to be here at TEDWomen, sharing our music with you. What an exciting and inspiring event. What you just heard is "Skylife" by David Balakrishnan. We want to play you one more selection. It's by Astor Piazzolla, an Argentine composer. And we talk about different ideas -- he had this idea that he thought music should be from the heart. This was in the middle of the 20th century when music from the heart, beautiful music, wasn't the most popular thing in the classical music world. It was more atonal and twelve-tone. And he insisted on beautiful music. So this is "Oblivion" by Astor Piazzolla.
And we talk about different ideas --/ he had this idea/ that he thought music should be from the heart.//
This was in the middle of the 20th century/ when music/ from the heart,/ beautiful music,/ wasn't the most popular thing/ in the classical music world.//
If you are, once were, or want to be a professional sign maker, we invite you to join us. Powered by vBulletin Version 4.2.1 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. Turn ... Loading...
Forturia 71,143 views 3:36 Clearing "Parts inside the printer have reached the end of their service life" on Epson Printers - Duration: 3:48. Working... Have you run an endurance test within the utility mode? Loosen the screws that hold the motor in, push the motor to the back of the machine tightening the speed reduction belt, and then tighten the screws.
You're a lifesaver. Sign in to make your opinion count. In such a case, this message is displayed and the printer stops operating. Tri Ari Handoko 460,828 views 11:03 Aditya Direct To Garment DTG 1390 Printing Machine - Duration: 1:48.
domain website 899 views 27:44 Epson Stylus 1390 Replace Fleksibel Head Unit - Duration: 1:04:42. Any thoughts? Also, since the head doesn't always stop in the same place, does this indicate it is not the strip? This feature is not available right now.
As such, each reader should not rely on any information available here as accurate and should independently verify such accuracy. CMI Signs09-09-2014, 01:46 PMThank you, thank you. The CR Timing Belt must be free from any defects and the belt must be in proper tension. 3. easygroup 66,576 views 16:57 Utilização de motor de passo Epson EM-326 (ou EM-323) em conjunto com driver GOF L298N - Duration: 9:20.
Add to Want to watch this again later? If you are a supplier to our craft, a teacher or student interested in the craft, or a member of a related craft, trade or profession, we also invite you to All rights reserved. Question about Stylus Pro 9600 InkJet Printer 1 Answer Maintenace required Error 101 ...CR motor.
Iseekoutthetruth 9,769 views 7:23 Faskhiy JET DTG Printer based on Epson 1390 / 1400 - DTG SHOP - Duration: 14:44. You may NOT copy or distribute the content that appears on this site without written permission from Fixya Ltd. © 2005-2015, Fixya, Ltd. Question about WorkForce WF-2530 1 Answer How do i solve the cr motor problem of epson L110 printer? ...cr motor problem of epson L110 printer? Does this indicate to you that the motor is bad, or maybe just that the reduction belt needs to be replaced?
Replace the waste toner container with a new one. My problem came with a waste toner spillage. by unknown on Oct 19, 2006 at 1:26pm Add comment Please sign in to comment 0 Loser. Possible Cause and Solution Do this... Reboots and general wiggling and poking things didn't make any difference and I was resigned to buying a new printer. Samsung CLP 550 - Color Laser Printer Manual All contents © copyright 2009 - 2016, ManualOwl.com Trademarks and brands are the property of their resp...
These guys are bad news ... The wate motor transfers (you guess it) waste toner to the waste toner bottle. more than likely, use a vacuum to unclog the ... I was able to repair this by removing the cleaning the waste motor assembly and worm pump. This message may appear during printing. You should also wear a filter mask to avoid breathing toner. That's why it has a year warranty on it. Under the right hand waste hole (the foam covered outlets) is a black plastic arm. by unknown...
In reply to moffatross • Jul 27, 2015 moffatross wrote: fauxlimey wrote: What happens now, is that when I turn the printer on, it goes through its start-up routine as normal, The manual indicates it's looking for a white mark to establish it's position, but with the modifications SWF made to make this a garment printer, I'm not sure if they have I've actually tried three different print heads on this and all three produce the exact same results. Dhiyaen Gates 14,111 views 2:00 Disassembl...
T-Shirt Forums Message Cancel Changes Quick Reply The following errors occurred with your submission Okay Type Your Message Below: Do NOT Post Self Promotional URLs, Advertisements, Sales Offers or Requests. nothing! Check the CR scale (SCALE, CR) for incorrect attachment, scratch, dirt, and fix any abnormality.Replace the CR encoder (BOARD ASSY., ENCODER, CR).Replace the CR motor (MOTOR ASSY., CR).Replace the main board Worked for me, hopefully will do too for you. :o) Posted on Oct 12, 200...
Home Dashboard Directory Help Sign in SQL Server Home Downloads Feedback Surveys Thank you for your feedback! Could that have caused a problem?I have seen this error posted on the SS2005 forums and the standard response is to look at the installation logs. Error: "Unable to start file system monitoring" by Santhosh October 16, 2014 15:08 in arcserve RHA > arcserve RHA - KB articles - How To's ... The setup has encountered an unexpected error while Installing performance counters.
Click on Run3. Every other part of SP2 installed without a problem. Report this error to Microsoft Product Support Services. -2147749899, 0x8004100B, One or more network packets were corrupted during a remote session. -2147749900, 0x8004100C, The feature or operation is not supported. -2147749901, You cannot send private messages.
The time now is 01:38 AM. The Main Engine!). by Arcserve ZendeskAdministrator October 22, 2014 10:10 in Arcserve Backup > Arcserve Backup - Problem based Knowledge Articles ... I sent the error report.I notice on this particular PC that the SP1 install EXE is expanding/writing to an external SCSI drive; would that make a difference?
Counter after decrement: -1 MSI (c) (B4:B0) [13:32:02:468]: MainEngineThread is returning 1603 === Verbose logging stopped: 2/21/2011 13:32:02 === 9.Check the eventlogs. So what else? In the drop down, look for the path to the Errorlog. Simple, run the FindSQLInstallsOnly script (available here), pick the msp for a component, go to installer cache and corrupt it (something as simple as opening it in a notepad, modifying it Some might even call it a hack, though I just call it exploitin...
So finally, in a desperate attempt, I decided to capture a Process Monitor trace (available on Technet, see here ). Operation ixfAssemblyCopy called out of sequence." How can i solve this??? This worked for me on all my servers. Featured Post Enabling OSINT in Activity Based Intelligence Promoted by Recorded Future Activity based intelligence (ABI) requires access to all available sources of data. Download SQL Server 2005 SP2 (ignore if already downlaoded) and extract* it at a folder s...
Useful to convert hex files to i2c eeprom programming commands, as well as remving whole lines eg keep 1of N, remove 1st and last linesetcNOWSTR Returns date/time as a string. To try to remedy that, debug preferences pages are only shown once a particular debugger integration has been used at least once. You cannot delete other posts. The following companies have agreed to provide support for the associated platforms: Platform Company QNX Neutrino QNX Software Systems Ltd. realterm ca...
Right click DisableBrowse 6. You cannot edit your own events. You cannot rate topics. If memory serves me, a similar issue occurred with a previous SQL update and the fix was the same.Again, thank you for remembering or developing the correct, simple solution! Username Forum Password I've forgotten my password Remember me This is not recommended for shared computers Sign in anonymously Don't add me to the active users list Privacy Policy
As you can see I have drawn not the most good looking items but I have drawn a soccer ball and a soccer uniform.
LI: I am learning to plan and write Haiku Poems using the 575 rule. Haiku poems are Japanese poems that are meant to paint pictures in y...
Wow I can’t believe that today was my last day of school.It was a fun year and my last year to experience at ptengland school.I will miss...
Wow I have already started school and all of the girls in my class at my new school are my friend.I can’t believe that I have already m...
The is my word search that I have created. here is a link to where you can create your own!!! http://www.abcya.com/make_a_word_search.htm...
With thousands of business listings, genuinely generated business leads, free classified posting and a plethora of options to promote your business online - Domaxy.com
              Office Christmas party at Tulsa Paper Company on East Brady. Employee in U.S. Navy uniform.
Description Office Christmas party at Tulsa Paper Company on East Brady. Employee in U.S. Navy uniform.
Contributors Preservation and archiving of this significant Tulsa treasure of photographs and artifacts was made possible through the Tulsa City-County Library and the Tulsa Historical Society, and the generosity of Tulsa World/Lorton Family, Chester Cadieux, the Rotary Club of Tulsa, and many other community-minded corporations, institutions, and individuals.
'Milkman is extraordinary. I've been reading passages aloud for the pleasure of hearing it. It's frightening, hilarious, wily and joyous all at the same time.' - Lisa McInerney, author of The Glorious Heresies
In this unnamed city, to be interesting is dangerous. Middle sister, our protagonist, is busy attempting to keep her mother from discovering her maybe-boyfriend and to keep everyone in the dark about her encounter with Milkman. But when first brother-in-law sniffs out her struggle, and rumours start to swell, middle sister becomes 'interesting'. The last thing she ever wanted to be. To be interesting is to be noticed and to be noticed is dangerous.
Milkman is a tale of gossip and hearsay, silence and deliberate deafness. It is the story of inaction with enormous consequences.
Email (Optional) We will only use the provided email to contact you regarding this listing change request
The IANS Faculty The IANS Faculty are independent, hands-on practitioners and thought-leaders in the information security community Their skills and expertise are at the core of IANS' services, insights, and educational events
🔥Citing and more! Add citations directly into your paper, Check for unintentional plagiarism and check for writing mistakes
Personal story : Today, it has been 3 years since I recovered from Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever or RMSF - a disease caused by Rickettsia rickettsii, a species of bacteria that is spread by hard ticks
The 2015 SDM 100 ranks U S companies that provide electronic security systems and services to both residential and non-residential customers This ranking is based on information provided to or, in few cases, estimated by SDM Ranked companies were asked to submit an audited or reviewed financial statement, or a copy of their income tax return
Butte is a town in, and the county seat of Silver Bow County, Montana, United States In 1977, the city and county governments consolidated to form the sole entity of Butte-Silver Bow The city covers 718 square miles (1,860 km 2), and, according to the 2010 census, has a population of approximately 36,400, making it Montana's fifth largest city It is served by Bert Mooney Airport with airport
Spike Lee was in my Twitter feed today, saying, "I was NO WAY this HOT when we did Do the Right Thing." Once again my beloved New York is, as Auntie Mame said, "hot as a crotch."
But there is nothing like a heat wave to fill the Siren with love for her fellow New Yorkers. There they are, the grimly embarrassed men daring you to stare at the enormous sweat stains on their chest; the women in varying stages of undress, their hair scraped back in styles you could christen "I Give Up"; the toddlers in their sun hats and smudged sunscreen, clutching their bottles as though wondering how Mommy let things get this out of hand.
The Siren feels for them all, as she unfurls her parasol and hopes the heat doesn't turn the skin under her freckles bright red. We're trying, aren't we? We're trying so hard not to exert ourselves too much by, say, starting a riot. We're just working to avoid the greatest New York City sin of 'em all: becoming a bore on a single topic.
The movies offer several bards of the New York heat wave. Three who really get it, as indeed they get everything about the city, are the aforementioned Mr. Lee, Martin Scorsese and the late, very much lamented Sidney Lumet. When Lumet died the Siren didn't post a tribute, but this weather prompts her to rectify that, in her own small way. The magnificent Dog Day Afternoon has been in her mind for a few days--those people in the stifling bank, willing themselves not to move as they seem to listen to the drip of their own sweat. Even more so, though, the Siren has been thinking about 12 Angry Men, from 1957.
Nowadays it's a well-loved movie, despite its near-incomprehensible box-office failure. The way it was made is well-known too, from the television origins to the two-week rehearsal process (a Lumet trademark) to the way it was shot one angle at a time, to save on camera set-ups. One particularly brilliant moment is the establishing shot of the jury room, which Henry Fonda (in Mike Steen's Hollywood Speaks) said took all day to set up and ran about two minutes on screen. And the Siren dearly loves an even earlier glimpse of the defendant, played by an uncredited John Savoca, who seems to have disappeared afterward. You could argue that the shot tips the movie's hand; the sad-eyed, clearly terrified Savoca draws your sympathy from the beginning. The Siren cannot look at the kid without wanting to drape an arm around his shoulders, give him a motherly squeeze and hand him a sandwich and a Coca-Cola Icee. But it also raises the stakes, putting the audience on board with Henry Fonda's desire to at least give the boy the courtesy of a full deliberation.
Say, the camera would be on two actors for a scene. After that scene was gotten, Sidney would say, 'Now take their coats off, loosen the ties and put some sweat on them, and we'll shoot scene ninety-two,' which is forty pages further, but requiring the same setup or camera and light position.
Let's look at that title, 12 Angry Men. Well, why are they angry? The script gives you reasons for many--Ed Begley is a bigot, Lee J. Cobb has transferred his anger at his own son to the defendant--but on the simplest, most fundamental level they are angry because there's a heat wave on and they are stuck in this deliberations room with a water fountain and ineffective fan and no AC, and Henry Fonda won't let them vote guilty and get the hell out of there. He's fighting not only their preconceptions, but their physical discomfort. At first, the other jurors want nothing more than to go home and, like the Coo-Coo Pigeon Sisters in The Odd Couple, sit in front of the icebox in the altogether. In fact, if you think about it, Fonda is the least angry man there. Mostly he's just rational. But 11 Angry Men and One Rational Guy in a White Suit would have been hard to fit on the marquee, I suppose.
Cold makes New Yorkers bundle up and scurry along and lets us indulge our natural tendency to stay out of each other's way. Heat takes away the physical barriers and leaves us contemplating each other unadorned, and that's by no means always a good thing. Scan the jury room and you will see a full range of the way New Yorkers cope with heat. Some lash out, like Cobb and Begley. Some try to ignore it, like E.G. Marshall. Some crack jokes or work their tails off just trying to be agreeable. Not all of them have pure motivations for their final votes. But in the end, you also see New Yorkers rising to overcome yet another of this city's indignities, its frankly terrible climate, and as Lee would say, do the right thing.
There's a heat-related plot point that the Siren always relished on a personal level. She's written before about her years in a non-air-conditioned apartment in Harlem. It was right over the elevated part of a subway line. So a key revelation--that witnesses who claimed to have heard something during the murder couldn't have possibly, because the noise of a passing elevated train would have muffled it--was spotted immediately by the Siren and her two roommates when we watched this one long-ago sweltering summer. The noise made by the subway in our apartment when the windows were open was, in fact, so deafening that we watched a lot of foreign movies. You could read the subtitles.
One last thing. The Siren notes that yesterday's temperature of 104 in Central Park broke the New York record, of 101 degrees, previously set for that date in….
@ ken of pleasant valley, better late than never; the “Dr. Pepper photo” was taken by Marion Post Wolcott in Belzoni, Mississippi in October of 1939.
The Goddard banner photo is by William Wallace – Chaplin’s still photographer on the set of The Great Dictator, 1940.
Yojimboen, thank you so much for that. I confess I'd forgotten to look it up. Interesting that the Dr. Pepper photo was taken the same year as The Rains Came.
Among those memories is something I'm not sure if I mentiond to you before, Siren -- I knew Dog Day Afternoon with the original cast.
Littlejohn was a West Village character with connections to a West Side Mafia dive that wasn't doing too well as the GAA Firehouse got the lion's share of business on the weekends. Littlejoh showed up at GAA meetings, promised to go on our demos ("Zaps" we called them) and never showed. He was there to spy for his Mafia pals.
Untrustworthy as he was we found him pretty amusing nonetheless and when we got our video camera ( one of the early ones -- a big bulky thing) we used ti to shoot footage of The Divine Miss M at the Continental Baths AND Littlejohns "wedding" to his transgender girlfriend (this weekend those quotes are off.) She wore a great white dress. He was resplendent in full miltary regalia. I trust it's archieved somewhere.
It's where his Mafia pals dropped their money. I told Lumet about all this at the Awards dinner we of the Los Angeles Film Critics Association threw for him several eyars back when we gave him our "Career Achievement Award." He was gobsmacked to hear about it. Littlejohn had been bugging him about the film, but he had nothing to complain about. Who wouldn't want Al Pacino to play them in a Sidney Lumet movie?
As for Lumet, the great John Cazale and Littlejohn as the title card reads at the end of Barry Lyndon "They are all equal now."
David, WOW. I am gobsmacked myself. I do think I read somewhere that Littlejohn had beefs with the film but not many other people do. God, it's a wonderful piece of moviemaking. And Cazale was a particularly cruel loss. I think Lumet was a great filmmaker; in any event he made about a half-dozen films that still give me such pleasure.
Great post Siren. Fonda looks the coolest in the jury room, I assume its because he's wearing a linen suit.
Thank you for this Siren. As usual your posts so often remind me why I'm in my comfort zone, neurotic as it may be, reading your posts and feeling really good about having lived in New York for most of the past 82 years. Big city life is a kind of psychic masochism that can teach you a lot if you just listen.
Rocean, my "air conditioner" link at the bottom goes to my old Rear Window post, which has some commentary on heat waves. I agree, it's a great example; and the movie couldn't exist with air conditioning because you would not be able to hear your neighbors.
Edgar, always such a pleasure to see you here. It's brutal this week and I hope your AC is in good shape. We just replaced ours, which were practically ready for the Smithsonian. Thanks so much for the good words.
Wonderful post, Siren. My favorite part of 12 Angry Men is that wondrous, heaven-sent downpour ("Whoosh!"--Marty Balsam) at about midpoint followed by Juror 1's dada soliloquy and Juror 8's palpable boredom/discomfort (Fonda acting brilliantly with the back of his head), a humanizing moment for the latter.
As a former desert rat, I will refrain from discussing temperatures, other than to point out part of my honeymoon trip up the West Coast was scoping out the weather in various places. Moved to the place with the best climate, done deal.
I really watch 12AM for the wonderful supporting roles by actors who rarely had that kind of chance again: Edward Binns, John Fiedler, Joseph Sweeney, those kinda killer little parts. Yes, there were stalwarts that had more of those chances there, too: E. G. Marshall, Jack Worden, Ed Begley, but they don't overshadow the minor keys. It's like Houseley Stevenson and Tom D'Andrea in "Dark Passage" - they inhabit the roles to a degree that they subsume the headline actors' ability to overshadow, and become the stars of their little screen time - they help suspend my disbelief much more than the scrips or big names.
XT, "dada soliloquy"--hilarious, and so true. I think Fonda's so good in this one, would rank it easily among his best.
Vanwall, it's true though that the smaller players also make the most of their moments. Joseph Sweeney is particularly fine, and I gather this was his biggest role, as you say. And yes, The Professionals is one thirsty movie. And The Good, the Bad and the Ugly has occasionally crossed my mind when I am tempted to forego the sunscreen.
Great write-up on one of the most enjoyable movies ever made. It's easy to dismiss as liberal feel-good kitsch, but it's really well done liberal feel-good kitsch. (Though count me among those heartless souls who groan a little at that shot of the defendant, which basically tells you there's no way in hell this adorable little kid out of a Bowery Boys movie is going to go to jail.) I think my favorite of the cast is Jack Klugman, who has what might be the quietest, least showy part in the cast, but still conveys a fully lived-in sense of a man who seems just as fundamentally decent and fair-minded as Davis,and, too borrow Manny Farber's insight into the Fonda character, isn't something of a sanctimonious prig.I don't think Klugman ever again had a screen role that good.
My favorite, because most subtle, performance is E.G. Marshall, Fonda's only formidable opponent, the man who doesn't sweat. His cool complacent contempt for the other jurors is a neat counterpoint to Fonda's nobility and for me his "I did" (i.e., saw the marks on the lady's nose ["Yeah, whaddaya call those things?" asks Marty B in his dada cum Beckett mode) has tremendous dramatic force in its quietness and the way it breaks down the man's arrogance to reveal his fundamental decency.
And speaking of sweat, thank god Edmund O'Brien wasn't in that jury room. It might have been more like Lifeboat.
I understand the tendency to see 12Angry Men as liberal kitsch, but one of the things I've come to appreciate more and more lately after countless viewings is Fonda's aggressiveness ("You're a sadist!") and steadfastness, both rather lacking in today's so-called liberals. Those were the days.
Paul, it's interesting to look at why 12 Angry Men works as a piece of liberal agitprop, even for those who don't share Fonda or Lumet's politics. I think it's because despite the shot of Savoca, and Begley who's a bit of a gargoyle, the others (via Reginald Rose's fantastic script) occupy a range and, as Renoir would have said, all have their reasons. Even Cobb, the most aggressive antagonist, isn't beyond the point of being able to see himself. It's Jack Warden who's the least sympathetic to me--and he's basically apolitical, and you end the movie still not sure if he's just changing his vote to get out of there. Klugman really is wonderful and he's complex, too; he's from the slums himself but he isn't using just that to come to a decision, either with his guilty vote or later when he changes. He's much more than his background. Klugman has always been such a pleasure as an actor. (Is he the only one of the 12 still alive? I can't bear to check.) When I did a brief on Days of Wine and Roses a while back, a friend emailed me and remarked, "God, who wouldn't want Klugman as his AA sponsor?"
And XT, I was going to say above but somehow didn't, that E.G. Marshall is probably my favorite, too. He's as reasoned in his way as Fonda in his, and no more inclined to give in to the group. He also gets the most devastating put-down in the movie, when Begley is almost pleading "listen to me!" and he responds, "I have. Now sit down and don't open your mouth again." (And Begley doesn't.) Also, Marshall sweats the least, which is kind of fascinating. Nice shout-out to O'Brien, who may be the only actor whose sweat won him an Oscar.
In addition to the shot of the defendant, at that pre-Leone point in movie history it must have been inconceivable that Fonda would object to a guilty vote and have the accused turn out to really be a murderer; his mere casting is a tell. Paul brings up Farber; I remember Farber talking about Fonda at the sink, drying his nails one by one, but as I recall Farber complains that this revelation of a certain prissiness doesn't go anywhere. But I don't agree; I think, circling back to XT, that the movie acknowledges that Juror 8 is a pain in the ass and that this is probably what enables him to hold out and bring others around. 12 Angry Men would make a great Fonda double feature with The Ox-Box Incident, where Fonda reading that letter takes an exercise in theme-hammering and turns it into a supremely lyrical moment.
I was unaware that 12 Angry Men was a flop when it was first released. Just goes to show what time will do for a film. Did you see the relatively recent Russian version? Pretty good, even if a little bit long.
While we're celebrating Sidney I'd like to put in a few good words for some his less-heralded titles.
Running On Empty (1988), the counter-culture outlaws on the run saga higlighted by the best performance in River Phoenix's sadly brief career, plus a nice turn by Kit Carson and a humdinger of a scene between Christine Lahti and Steven Hill as her estranged father.
The Offence (1972) sean Connery's greatest performance as an out of control police detective who loves to torture suspect. Takes up from where Nick Ray's On Dangerous Ground left off and goes the distance.
Just Tell Me What You Want (1980) Alan King as a New York Big Deal who falls apart when his mistress (Ali McGraw in a truly great perfromance) leaves her for a younger man. "I'M A DEAD JEW!" he screams to hsi secretary -- Myrna Loy in a great final turn. WAY "Too Hip For The House" when it came out and even today.
Q&A (1990) Marvelous police corruption sags. Nick Nolte at his greatest with International Chrysis as his transgender girlfriend. She gave an amazing performance that she never lived to see as she died of cancer shortly before the film's release.
For Sidney I’ll put in a word for Fail-Safe –- a movie that manages to induce sweat even in the air-conditioned confines of SAC headquarters and the White House bomb shelter. I know this is heretical, but I prefer this version of the apocalypse to Dr. Strangelove. Ever since Kubrick had the genius to play the arms race as farce, it’s been critical dogma that you can’t take a straight treatment seriously and that Fail-Safe was a failure. I don’t buy it. I saw Fail-Safe after Strangelove, and it still scared me senseless. The frequency of its telecasts suggests that the thing still works for 21st-century audiences. And of course Lumet deserves most of the credit -– for the intensity, the pacing, and the conviction of his cast. Fonda may have killed a few kids in Once upon a Time, but here . . . For a testament to Lumet’s effectiveness compare the live but lifeless television version produced by George Clooney.
Siren, as both a native New Yorker (though we moved to NE PA in 2001 on account of my husband's job) and a Sidney Lumet fan, I was blown away by your incisive post about 12 ANGRY MEN! Whatever one's political leanings, it's still a powerful film with a powerhouse cast. That said, for the record, DOG DAY AFTERNOON is my favorite Lumet movie hands-down.
What's so great about Dog Day Afternoon is Lumet's adamant refusal to sensationalize anything. The situation is bizarre, and the people emeshed in it are objectively absurd, but Lumet treats every single last one of them with respect and consistently avoids makign the whole show into a cartoon. It's all painfully real.
From having sat on juries, and also from a particular case someone else I know well was a juror on, many people are willing to take shortcuts in their thinking to speed up the process and get home, and even more curious, seem deliberately obtuse to get to a verdict faster. Sometimes you can see it coming when the challenges are over right at the start.
One civil action jury I sat on had a serving police officer selected - the Chief wasn't excusing them automatically from civil case jury duty anymore, a common practice in many cities, sadly - and he resented serving on it at first, but I think it opened his eyes when all was said and done. One potential juror excused for cause (which cause is always unstated, I guess) was a recently retired major bank executive who'd never been called before, and was obviously smart as a whip in questioning; I think both sides were looking for the lowest common denominator to manipulate as the trial progressed.
The case I mentioned that wasn't my direct experience had eye-popping ignorance displayed by some jurors, and willing participation to ignore direct evidence and substitute what were obviously prejudicial beliefs for logic, ye, just like 12AM. One aspect of the case was who was driving the car in a criminal accident - the shoulder strap bruise on the defendant and physical evidence on the passenger's airbag was obviously only possible if they were in fact the passenger, but amazingly convoluted "logic" was used by the ADA and almost all the jurors bought into it. It ended up a hung jury because my friend refused to cave unreasonably, and the motivating factor for most of the jury was time - as in it was time to shut up and go home.
My favorite jury I was on was a civil case that reached back into the 1950s, and read like a Ross McDonald story mixed with Tennessee Williams, lots of alcohol, drugs, Elvis, cheatin', bisexual denials and reveals, manipulation, & family secrets, and lawyers invoked Perry Mason, Phillip Marlowe and Sherlock Holmes, among other real and imagined figures.
David, we've had this discussion before, but Bye, Bye Braverman is, I think an uncomprehending botch of Markfield's novel, though the scene with Joseph Wiseman and Tony Holland is superbly acted and utterly faithful to the book which makes one wish the rest could have been so. And Alan King (I shudder at the memory) puts the last nail in the coffin of Braverman/Schwartz and the movie itself.
The heat is melting my brain. the model for Braverman was, of course, Isaac Rosenfeld, not Delmore Schwartz who was still alive when Markfield's novel came out. A recent biography of Rosenfeld uderscores the intense comic malice, insecurity, rivalry, and egomania of the NY intellectual circles that Lumet's film, more borscht belt than Partisan Review, barely hints at.
BTW, X, did you know that the last episode of My So-Called Life (the best series in the history of television) was entitled "In Dreams Begin Responsibilities"?
No, I didn't know this. The series began long after I'd given up on television. The line was originally the epigraph to Yeats' 1913 collection Responsibilities.
It only ran for one season. it was cancelled because of low ratings. But no one who saw it ever forgot it. It made Claire Danes a star, and gave Wilson Cruz and Jared Leto careers.
But it's not about kids and it's not about highs school. They've been re-running it on the Sundance channel lately, but the whole series is on DVD.
In the last episode when Devon Gummersall lets slip to Claire Danes that he wrote the letter for Jared Leto, sayig "I meant every word," I am reduced to a sobbing wreck.
I don't have the words to describe the extreme sensitivity of this show to genuine human emotion as they are actually lived. In my book it's right up ther with Those Who Love Me Can Take the Train.
"12 Angry Men" was the only film Fonda produced. Once read or heard that Peter Fonda called it his father's "Easy Rider."
For Sidney I’ll put in a word for Fail-Safe –- a movie that manages to induce sweat even in the air-conditioned confines of SAC headquarters and the White House bomb shelter. I know this is heretical, but I prefer this version of the apocalypse to Dr. Strangelove."
-- the last weekend when TCM played FAIL-SAFE and SEVEN DAYS IN MAY, near back-to-back? Cold War paranoiac heaven.
The one film that proved, yes, Larry Hagman once didn't exclusively play caricatures, but could stand toe-to-toe with Fonda. And a supporting cast just as strong, from Edward Binns to Fritz Weaver to Walter Matthau (whose character a certain Mr. K. took notes....)
Screw the Kubrick cynical hipsters -- when the bomb drops and the phone melts, I want to *cry*, dammit. I'd love that movie for Frank Overton yelling, "THIS IS NOT A FOOTBALL GAME!" when the bunkered soldiers yell when something goes their way -- the wrong way, of course, to , but still. I'd like to punch Michael Bay and every macho fascist director for depicting observed conflicts as video games, and allowing cheers over deaths the observers never have to feel.
FAIL-SAFE, at its best, trusts us to feel the pain on both sides. Thank you, Mr. Lumet and company....
(That ", to ," said "(spoiler deleted)" -- just keeping mindful of the tiny tots who haven't seen it yet.
That Dali-esque melting phone etched itself indelibly in my childhood consciousness. Fail-Safe is infinitely superior to Strangelove (talk about self-congratulatory liberal kitsch. Gen. Jack D. Ripper. Hilarious) as Lumet is to Kubrick.
Larry Hagman starred in the Borwardway production of The Nervous Set -- the legendary musical maudit. whose Lyricits FRan Landesman has just passed away.
Henry Fonda, in a brilliant set up by Lumet, executes one of the more dramatic scenes in the film when he produces the knife. It's all about set up. E.G. Marshall, in his dissertation about the unique qualities of the knife and how such an unusual knife would be so difficult to find provides a perfect launching pad for Fonda, in a wonderfully fluid and definitive move to stand--the camera focused on the knife exactly where Marshall had left it, stuck into the juror's table--pull out an exact replica of the knife, and jam it into the table next to the knife from the evidence locker.
It's a great scene reminiscent of another set up created for him in My Darling Clementine. The scene where Fonda confronts the evil Clanton brood afte they had just murdered his brother and rustled his cattle.
Fonda, as the stranger in town tells old man Clanton that he planned on sticking around for a while. As the town Marshall. This elicits great hilarity as Clanton (the great Walter Brennan) says "Marshall? In Tombstone? Well, good luck to you mister...."
It's a moment, like the production of the knife in 12 Angry Men, that serves as a tipping point for the film. It ends the first part of storyline, answers some questions, then asks a lot more and opens up a door in the narrative that hadn't been there previously. A door that characters can walk through if they so dare.
A great pick for a hot week, Siren. The heat index down here in Kentucky was 115 degrees yesterday. Plenty of angry and hot people here. Hopefully, sans switchblades.
Peter, I was startled to be reminded of that, too. Cost next to nothing and still didn't turn a profit. I saw that referenced often but no reason conjectured; maybe the TV drama gave people a BTDT excuse?
David, I think Lumet's whole filmography is very strong, although not immaculate; whose ever is? But Lumet made so many strong, vibrant movies. I had a film writer I respect tell me at a party he didn't think Lumet was much of a director and I just sort of gaped at him--say whaaaa? No pleasure out of THESE movies? Just Tell Me What You Want was one I saw as a teen and liked a little, but not a lot; I suspect its very adult perspectives would play better with me now.
Rozsaphile and Cgeye, I saw Fail-Safe also as a teen and it spooked the bejesus out of me. A good movie, but one I never want to see again.
Dorian, thank you so much for the compliment, and I hope NE PA has cooled off as has NYC. Dog Day Afternoon would be my pick too, but just by a hair; it's a remarkable filmography he racked up.
Ned, you're so right. Another set-up I relish: when Cobb lunges for Fonda yelling "I'll kill him" and Fonda points out that's the sort of thing Cobb wants the jury to take as a real threat from the accused. In addition to being so well-directed, the script is a marvel.
I think it's a testament both to the material Lumet selected, his spot-on direction, shot selection, and finely tuned sense of mise en scene that two of his greatest films were re-made nearly shot for shot and both were, in my opinion, successful: Fail Safe, remade as a live TV event in (I think) 2000, and 12 Angry Men, remade by Billy Friedkin in the late 90s.
Of course not all shot for shot remakes work (the Stewart Granger Zenda is serviceable and fun if not as crazy good as the Ronald Coleman version), but the shot by shot Gus Van Sant remake of Psycho is execrable and should probably only be screened as an example of what NOT to do).
When I turned seven or eight, my father started to feed me black and white movies, letting me stay up late if there was something particularly good, in his estimation, on the box. The first one I remember is Twelve Angry Men, which transfixed me as a child, and which I still find enormously absorbing: growing up in the countryside in Ireland, I'd never experienced a really sweaty city day and yet I could feel the atmosphere as though it was part of my everyday experience. Someone else mentioned Rear Window above and I've the same childhood memories of the vividly - but to me completely foreign - sweaty atmosphere.
I'm with the Siren on the significance of Fonda's methodical hand-drying: I don't think it's a throwaway moment at all, but very much an indication of his methodical, even painfully methodical, modus operandi.
All is well on this side of the border after a 5 day stretch of 99F temperatures. I don't mind the heat so much, but the humidity saps my energy. Maybe its because 12 Angry Men was released the year of my birth, but I prefer it so much more than To Kill a Mockingbird.
Re To Kill a Mockingbird, does Gregory Peck sweat? (He wears the Juror 8 white suit). An interesting essay could be written on northern vs. southern sweat in fifties and early sixties film, the golden age of perspiration. This was also the women in white slip period (Mrs. Thorwald being my perverse favorite; she is hot in both senses).
Trish, while I assiduously avoid any and all Marilyn-burdened films, I'm wondering, given our topic, whether Niagra is a sweaty movie or do the characters glisten with spray from the falls.
I tend to think (beyond the obvious reason) that northerners specialized in the cold sweat, jangled nerves from gray flannel angst, atomic threat, etc. I imagine the saline content is the same, north or south. This reminds me that the characters in Lifeboat, save Hauptman Willy, can't sweat.
Nervous films from this period are worth exploring. One that especially disturbed my sleep in childhood was the forgotten Pressure Point.
Don't forget Body Heat, a contemporary (1981) film that seems to take place before the invention of air conditioning.
Actress's name is Nancy Berg; character's name, believe it or believe it not is Ilsa Wolfe (not, we hope, associated with any She-Wolves of the SS).
"Yellow Sky" has a lotta sweatin' in it, mostly due to good hard work, like bank robbing and gold thievery. "We Were Strangers" has a lot of perspiration, too, and John Garfield, and a dampish Jennifer Jones, who looked pretty good even when rode hard and put away wet. "Heat Lightning" is a hot-looking film, and not just because it's in the desert - the innuendo and downright admissions went right along with the lack of air conditioning and the general wringing-out look of it.
I have to say that the Aerial Mine Episode from TV's "Danger UXB" is without a doubt the most audience sweat-inducing dang thing ever filmed, as far as I'm concerned. Any other motion pictcha defusing attempts are pale shadows that borrow without grace from it.
X., as it happens, I was born and raised in Niagara on the Canadian side and am well acquainted with the location of the cabins where Niagara was filmed. While it is true that the area glistens with mist to this very day, it's also true that there was plenty of heat generated from inside the cabin where Marilyn attempted to put the whammy on Joseph Cotton... :D
Trish, given my negative feelings re Marilyn this sounds a degree or so more humid than Joseph Cotten being stalked by Wendell Corey in drag in The Killer is Loose.
X., your antipathy to Monroe is great. And hilarious. I too can't understand why she is an object of such intense - is reverence the right word to use for mastubatory fantasies? I'll settle for adoration - but she does possess some fair comic timing, which is minute, understated portions is quite palatable.
But there is only so much dumbness you can take: in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, is there any doubt that Jane Russell was the best thing in the film?
It's surprising, though, to see how many film noir Monroe appeared in. I just learnt about Niagara now but she also stars in a minor role Clash by Night (sometimes un-noir like, but still an excellent underrated film) and the lead role in Don't Bother to Knock (which I haven't seen and don't intend to), but her very image militates against everything noir: I mean she is not the traditional femme fatale type in any sense of the term and nothing about her appearance or mannerisms (or over-breathy voice) suggest, oh, say, darkness, pessimism, danger.
If we're talking sweaty films one cannot do much better than Cool Hand Luke. Even Newman's sweat sweats.
How about Touch of Evil? The rasslin' match between Akim Tamiroff and a sweaty Orson Welles is soaked with grand guignol dampness.
Rozsaphile has already mentioned one of the grand award winners for wall to wall perspiration, Body Heat (although the pores really don't open up full blast until midway through when the color codes go from blue to white to red).
And we would be remiss in the sweat department if we forgot Alec Guinness' triumph of fluid depletion in Bridge on the River Kwai.
But before I go, I, like Cgeye, have to thank XT for the Medusa-like image of Wendell Corey in drag. Seriously?
Now I have to find something equally startling to eradicate that horrific thought. Maybe some Lucien Freud portraits will do the trick.
For Southwest sweat, Bad Day at Black Rock, or sequences with Edmond O'Brien (sho else?) in Seven Days in May.
My vote for best sweaty guy ever would be Akim Tamiroff in "Touch of Evil," although Elisha Cook Jr. in "The Killing" also does some very excellent sweating. (I prefer my sweat in black and white, where it seems to bring out the best in my favorite cinematographers)
Does the original TV version, with *Bob Cummings* in the Fonda part, exist? I can't find it on the IMDB. The Wikipedia page lists the cast. Sweeney and Voskovec and the only carry-overs.
The TV version does exist, but the movie script is much better. The TV version has few of the best set pieces in the film and the climax (the last not guilty vote) is way underwhelming.
One of the deeper ironies of Marilyn worship is that probably nobody finds her sexy anymore; the cartoonish sexuality she epitomized was a fifties thing that, ah, climaxed in the sexcapades of the early 60s and detumesced finally with Carol Channing's striptease in Skidoo. What I find objectionable is her saint/martyr status in the conversion of popular culture from entertainement to religion and all the morbid, pompous solemnity that followed therefrom. All the hot air (which puts me in a northern cold sweat) surrounding the demise of this Winehouse person is further proof that we're stuck forever in this sick, artistically sterile, imaginatively impoverished cultural rut. Many cultural bloviators at places like Salon and Slate like to give the impression that the golden age of Hollywood was the 1950s, just when I believe entropy was starting to set in. Now everything has calcified into the stiffness of "iconicity." As you indicate Marilyn was at the fringes of some pretty good films. In Clash by Night she's as good as she ever would be, marginally less annoying than J. Carroll Naish, the man of a thousand faces, all of them the same (probably Bosley C's idea of a "great" character actor).
Yes, cgeye, you did read that and some day you shall see it. What disturbs me most about WC beyond the concave eyes and the weird set of the lips and earlobes (I have floated my theory of WC as Martian scout here) is the fact that he squired the two goddesses of my cinema universe Danielle Darrieux and Margaret Sullavan in a couple of disposable films.
Regarding Monroe, two of her more effective roles were early small parts in The Asphalt Jungle as Louis Calhern's girlfriend (the censors insisted that she be referred to as his 'niece' apparently--which would have been quite a bit more salacious if you think about it) and George Sanders' 'protege' in All About Eve, probably because she was playing herself and not trying too hard to act. The smile she puts on when Sanders sends her to talk to the producer Max Fabian ("Go do yourself some good")is perfect. I'll bet she did that more than a few times in real life (if she ever had such a thing).
Who needs the help of the hipster press to tell us how to think? Those of us with our feet on the ground know she was far too human for either sainthood or martyrdom. I enjoy her in two periods: her Fox colour films, and in The Misfits. The latter not because its her last completed film, but because the make-up artist gave her the most beautiful cat's eyes.
Don't you think that MM being Louis Calhern's "niece" was the point, as he objected to her calling him "Uncle Lon."
BTW, John Huston films had a lot of sweat, including Asphalt Jungle. And Treasure of the Sierra Madre. And Key Largo, too. Peter Lorre's Joel Cairo sweated in close-up. And the supporting cast in We Were Strangers did the heavy lifting in sweat, with all that tunnel digging in Cuba (there also was a lot of fanning to keep cool).
As for Marilyn, she was funny in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, although Jane Russell's imitation of her stole the show, and in Some Like It Hot. In River of No Return, she was effective, but also affected by overly precious pronunciation. In Niagara, she also was good as a vicious tramp (and speaking in what may have been close to a natural voice), but it really was a showy supporting role. Mostly, and largely including these, she was replacable by other (better) actresses or only called on to do imitations of herself.
Oh my. Am I, who was never drawn in by the Marilyn mythos, going to be forced to defend her? Listen, I fully admit that she's by far the most overexposed classic-film star, and if I never ever again once in what years I have allotted to me on this planet ever again hear about her and the Kennedys, that would be AWESOME. Ditto for Joe DiMaggio. But truly, it isn't the poor woman's fault. We can blame Norman Mailer, for starters, but Marilyn never went out and said "You know what, I'm going to be the most obsessed-over star of all time, that's what."
For me, the key, as always, is just to return to the movies. I saw All About Eve at the Ziegfeld last year and was thunderstruck by how good she was; it's a dopey role and she hits it out of the park. She's so funny, her timing is genius. When I reviewed Bonjour Tristesse I confessed to being annoyed by Mylene Demengeot and one reason was that I could see Marilyn in that part and she'd have made it funny, which Mylene was not.
In addition to the ones (rather grudgingly) named here, I adore her in How to Marry a Millionaire and she's extremely funny in Monkey Business, which is far from my favorite Hawks comedy. I also like Let's Make Love almost entirely for her. And I have a CD of her singing and would argue all night for her abilities as a singer, which is something I don't see discussed very often. As a beauty, to my eyes, she was at her loveliest in the footage from Something's Got to Give, and in anything where she was mussed and undone.
Since Ehrenstein isn't around, and I know he's a Marilyn lover, I could also suggest reading anything Kim Morgan's written on her; Kim approaches Monroe as an artist, not a martyr or a caricature, and that's really the only way.
Anyway, I find Monroe's combination of sexy good looks and comedic charm irresistible, especially in her earlier films. "Gentlemen prefer Blondes" "Seven Year Itch" and "Asphalt Jungle".
If we're going to discuss over-rated 50s movie actors; lets talk about James Dean. I like Dean but he's gotten a lot of ink for just 3 movies.
Many cultural bloviators at places like Salon and Slate like to give the impression that the golden age of Hollywood was the 1950s, just when I believe entropy was starting to set in.
It's that "We Didn't Start The Fire" mentality, which doesn't believe anything happened before baby boomers were born. Of course, to be fair, many of those baby boomers never saw many pre-Code movies, which either were severely censored on TV in those days or never shown at all. Certainly had the pre-Code revival been in force in those days, their evaluation of '30s film would have been considerably different.
Am I, who was never drawn in by the Marilyn mythos, going to be forced to defend her? Listen, I fully admit that she's by far the most overexposed classic-film star ... But truly, it isn't the poor woman's fault. We can blame Norman Mailer, for starters, but Marilyn never went out and said "You know what, I'm going to be the most obsessed-over star of all time, that's what."
And this discussion is taking place while "The Seven-Year Itch" Monroe has become a 26-foot-tall giant in statue form, towering over midtown Chicago. (Hey, if we're going to have a Chicago-themed Marilyn statue, shouldn't it have been as Sugar Kane?) I too defend her as an actress; there's a genuine likability about Monroe (I will not employ the overused "v" word), and one wishes she had been able to work 20 years earlier, when studios gave actresses both better treatment and more substantial roles.
Of course, the statue will likely inspire some producer to persuade Monroe's estate to let her "star" in a CGI remake of "Attack Of The 50-Foot Woman" -- probably the last type of film Marilyn would have agreed to make during her lifetime.
Giant statue of the Seven Year Itch Marilyn? Is that one of those Seward Johnson pieces of crap? The space shuttle program ended too early. We should have packaged him (and Jeff Koons, while we're at it) and all their dreck and set the coordinates for deep space.
Right you are. I should have taken a cue from W.S. Gilbert and said, no one thinks Marilyn is sexy/What, no one?/Well, hardly anyone. I've always imagined that Juror 3 (E.G. Marshall) cuts loose at parties by playing and singing Gilbert & Sullivan songs.
Siren, no need to defend Marilyn against the likes of me. It's the mythos (and the constant banging on of it after everything's been said and none of it worth hearing) I can't stand, nothing whatever against N.J. Baker.
The main reason, I think for all the blah concering Marilyn and Dean is that "we" need a myth of origins for contemporary culture (not just pop) which must never violate or transcend the bounds of adolescent sensibility or childlike innocence and "wonder"(Spielberg brand). The literary equivalents are Salinger and the Beats, Harper Lee, and other high school stalwarts.
"I have to say that the Aerial Mine Episode from TV's "Danger UXB" is without a doubt the most audience sweat-inducing dang thing ever filmed, as far as I'm concerned. Any other motion pictcha defusing attempts are pale shadows that borrow without grace from it."
gmoke, I've seen "The Small Back Room", and that is a harrowing sequence, But Danger UXB added claustrophobia to the mix, and it was that much harder to watch.
MM was a creation, nothing more nothing less. A perusal of her reading list, and above all her later letters, were like night and day - the day bright as her inquisitive mind, sunny as her surprisingly sharp intellect, she had a green flash ending every day, no doubt; the night was the artificial world she walked through for a career, wraith-like, only the allowed MM showing like a no doubt bitter joke. She was malleable and useable - so she was used and forced into a mold.
I liked a her a lot in "Niagara" and especially "Asphalt Jungle", where she stole every scene she was in, not by her looks alone, but her acting was pitch perfect for the role - Burnett wrote with a no doubt different kind of "non-professional" (as Doc says in the novel) in mind, but she made that minor part all her own, with a little bit of thievery to get herself some room up against a seasoned crew, and she became Angela, the babyish mistress who could call a cop "big bananahead" as natural as could be; the downside being, that was what the Studios decided she should do her whole career. That's when 'being' subsumed actuality for her, sadly.
In pre-Great War va-voom attire, she underacts Sir Larry, and has more heart in a role where she could go on autopilot. Simply lovely.
X., as regards your statement that "nobody finds her sexy anymore", well, all I can say is that many many people give a pretty good impression of it: THAT is what mysifies me in the first place. But I agree with what you say about J. Carrol Naish: he brings down the second half of "Clash" a good notch with his shallow melodramatic hamming.
Of Course, I was forgetting Asphalt Jungle, Monroe had a cameo in that too, but why did she go there in the first place.
Siren, I was reading Robin Wood's book on Hawks where he too professes admiration for that Monkey Business over all of Hawks' comedies like Gentlemen Prefer Blondes, Girl Friday and Bringing up Baby (the last two especially strike me as fairly mean spirited) though he does not mention Twentieth Century.
BTW, Wood also classes Scarface as a screwball comedy and defends Ball of Fire as one of Hawks' most personal comedy, opinions, which on some reflection, are not as whimsical as they sound.
And as for Seven year Itch and that famous, iconic image of Monroe, coyly trying to hold her skirt down (wink wink) gyrating over the subway grate, well, TOO BAD IT WASN'T IN THE MOVIE.
Oops, looks like I misread you there: I thought you said "by far". Oh well. I haven't seen it anyway, so this is purely academic.
For what its worth, X., I am not sure how much I agree that the 1950s was a time in Hollywood when the entropy was starting to set in (Sirk, Tourneur, N. Ray, Lang, Hitch at his peak, Anthony Mann, god knows who else) but I agree that the comedies as such were far far better in the 30s and 40s with great leading actresses (too many to mention) and wonderful banter between sexual equals (in movies by Lubitsch, Sturges, Leisen and no-one else is needed for further illustration). By way of contrast, the best female roles in 50s comedy were taken up by Curtiz and Lemmon.
One last thing: the most mystifying thing about MM worship is that there aren't any Jayne Mansfield fans. Mansfield is the logical end after all, but this is getting too mean.
But in Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?, Tashlin does make some exceptionally cruel use of one 50s star (Mansfield, with a bit of Monroe and Hayworth thrown into the satire for good measure) and one 30s star (Joan Blondell, far far from the wonderful days of the pre-code).
For all that, it is a great and hilarious movie, that in no way detracts from the point I'm trying to make (which I don't seem to be able to recall right now).
There are a lot of Mansfield fans around -- just tour the Internet. Her legion doesn't rival Monroe's (who does?), and I can't claim she was a great actress by any means (though I love "The Girl Can't Help It," arguably the best rock movie made in the '50s), but she was pretty likable. Silly, at times, but likable.
In many ways, Mansfield was Monroe turned 180 degrees, in that she willingly played the game Hollywood foisted upon her for being a buxom blonde (Marilyn did too, but didn't like it). Conversely, Monroe appeared able to change, as evidenced by "The Misfits," and probably would have been ethereal had she lived into her forties. Mansfield, for all her rumored intelligence (Jayne may not have had the genius IQ the press agents claimed she had, but she certainly wasn't dumb) either didn't or wouldn't adapt, and by the mid-sixties sadly was a dated parody of herself.
Jayne was the subject of an early '80s TV movie where she was portrayed by Loni Anderson, another buxom blonde but a genuine smart cookie. (Arnold Schwarzenegger played Mickey Hargitay, IIRC.) Interestingly, less than a decade later Anderson made another TV movie where she portrayed another sexy ill-fated star -- Thelma Todd, who surely was shapely but not deemed in the superinflated-mammary league of Mansfield. Had it not been for Loni, would you have ever linked Thelma and Jayne?
My apologies, VP: I had meant any serious Mansfield fans, as for instance those who can declare serious, unqualified enthusiasm for her without intending any irony and unencumbered by any prior IQ issues. J. Hoberman of the Village Voice called her, I think, a computer-generated image before the fact, and which is what she is.
You say "by the mid-sixties sadly was a dated parody of herself," but when you watch The Girl Can't Help It or Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?, both she and Tashlin are not clear themselves how much her character is a parody, how much of Mansfield is really a part of that character and how much they are actually pandering to our, um, highest and noblest impulses. Probably all at the same time. Mansfield is intended as a parody as "Rita Marlowe" in Rock Hunter but the studio could still sell her to the public as a Monroe-substitute. Note the contradiction. And Tashlin was oddly obsessed by her eh...if you've seen the scene in The Girl Can't Help It with Mansfield and the milk bottles, you'll know what I mean.
Incidentally, Girl Can't Help It was intended to be a parody of rock-n-roll, but it was a huge hit with the young (and presumably rock-n-roll fans), which if it was a straightforward parody, it should not have been (for instance, Rock Hunter, the better movie of the two, flopped). The audiences back then couldn't tell the difference and now we can't either: the same applies to Mansfield and how Tashlin portrays her.
P.S. I can't believe we're having this discussion: I brought up Mansfield just to make a (admittedly not a very good) point. Let me make one more comparison: It Happened One Night (1934) and Roman Holiday (1953); Audrey Hepburn and Claudette Colbert, the heiresses they play and the attitudes they embody. Now I'll stop before someone throws something.
Siren, you make a great point about MM in SGTG. She is lovely. Not squeezed into a strapless costume, but dressed in the fashion of the day -- a lovely, maturing woman. I for one am thankful for Marilyn mania if only because the assembling of her unfinished film may not have happened otherwise.
"The main reason, I think for all the blah concering Marilyn and Dean is that "we" need a myth of origins for contemporary culture (not just pop) which must never violate or transcend the bounds of adolescent sensibility or childlike innocence and "wonder"(Spielberg brand). The literary equivalents are Salinger and the Beats, Harper Lee, and other high school stalwarts."
Point well-taken. But artificial cultural imperatives aside interest in Marilyn James Dean and other "Golden Age" stars persist because we don't have anyone like that today. There's no "aura" to our stars anymore. Brad and Angelina are Big Deals but we know so much about them they may as well be living next door to us. We can't imagine stars of yore that way.
The thing that shouldn't be forgotten about Marilyn is that at the time of her rise she was afforded about as much serious respect as Paris Hilton. Everyone thought she was just a fad. But she wasn't. The Seven Year Itch didn't just click iconographically, it projected her image of warm, playful sexuality to the max. There wasn't anything around like that then. Jayne Mansfield wasn't at all like Marilyn. She sold herself as a living, breathing cartoon and was used as such by Tashlin to great effect. But outside of The Burglar, The Wayward Bus and Kiss Them For Me she never tried anythign serious. And in serious mode she came off as a U.S. version of Diana Dors.
Prudes thought Marilyn "vulgar." but I've never seen her as anything other than fresh and delightful.
James Dean was quite another matter. Read Larry Frascella and Al Weisel's "Live Fast Die Young -- The Wild Ride of The Making of Rebel Without A Cause."
Had Dean lived he would have undoubtedly gone on to greater acting glory. But off-screen he would have been in a world of trouble. He was a manipulative leather top and "dating" Pier Angeli (who was madly in love with him) would have only gone so far in "bearding." His gay antics were far too well knwon about. The high point of the book mentioned above is Jack Larson's account of Dean and his slave Jack Simmons trying to pick him up for a three-way at the Ranch Market that used to be at the corner of Sunset and Fairfax.
By "entropy starting to set in" I meant to leave a good bit of room for the great and good films of the fifties, but against these (and I fully endorse your list with reservarions re Sirk) I must set the ponderous bloat of George Stevens, Mankerywankery, Methodism and the dire incursion of the Theeyaytah, Kazan's shrieking "realism," the collapse of John Huston's talent from pulpy brilliance to literary "prestige," the rise of Stanley Kramer and Jack Lemmon, the muffled careers of so many talented and lovely actresses the better to trumpet the likes of Marilyn and Liz, Billy Wilder getting less and less funny and more and more noisy (since you rightly mention the decline of comedy I'll gratuitously insert here my belief that Wilder's hostility to Mitchell Leisen was perhaps rooted in the bitter knowledge that the, rather than the former had something approximating the Lubitsch Touch).
X, was the animosity on Wilder's part partially due to Leisen having successfully directed a couple of his (Wilder's) early scripts, including Hold Back the Dawn? I'm not that familiar with the particulars of Wilder's grudge except from what I've read in some interviews where he blamed Leisen for ruining his scripts.
I've heard some claim that Leisen was only as good as the scripts he directed and I think he also had a couple (or at least one) by Sturges as well, early on, but I'm not well enough versed in his opus to say yea or nay to that one.
I'm not too familiar with his fifties stuff either but I did enjoy No Man of Her Own (anything based on Cornell Woolrich can't be that bad) even if they did change the ending.
Depends on your definition of "ruining." I don't see how Hold Back the Dawn can be regraded as the ruination of anything (The aggrieved shade of BW: "What about my cockroaches!!??") It seems to me that Leisen's films never lack for visual interest, palpable mood and mise en scene. He certainly achieves a romantic afflatus that Wilder never got near in his dreary Old Man and the Sylph films of the 50s.
Wilder's hostility to Leisen stemmed entirely from his willingness to give in when Big Star said "Mitch, couldn't I just say 'Blah Blah Blah" instead." Wilder insisted that NOT ONE WORD be changed from his screenplays. In fact he said he became a director "in order to complete my work as a writer.
Not so, David: In a Lonely Place, Vertigo, N by NW, The Man from Laramie, Sweet Smell of Success, Bigger Than Life, The Killing, 12 Sweaty Men, On Dangerous Ground, Pickup on South Street, Rear Window, and many, many more. Favorites all; the cut-off date is 1960 or thereabouts.
Several days late and several dollars short, I chime in to say that one of my 13-year-old nephews is in a class reading 12AM aloud, and I don't think he's the first of that age who's told me that. I recall my own class doing a staged reading when I was in junior high. The script is a perennial discussion catalyst for youth beginning to piece together society's ways.
I'm late because I've been in San Diego at Comic-Con, where the thermometer settled around the mid-70s by midday and dropped to the mid-60s after dark. I was gone Thursday through Monday, so missed the worst of it; it's really rather lovely today, although still hot.
I love 12AM for being such a New York movie. Every New Yorker knows what a New York summer is like, and for those of us who live without A/C (I just have ceiling fans) NYC teaches us to move slowly and deliberately through the summer months. Having come back from New Orleans (a library conference in late June), however, I can't complain unduly. It is in places like that where I think of our 19th-century foremothers, in their neck-to-wrist-to-tow layers, and understand why they all died so young.
Films from the late '40s and the '50s, and both the noir and the cinema verite-ish influences thereupon, brought us some memorable scenes of sweat. Pit-stained straphangers with handkerchiefs at the ready, sopping the damp from foreheads and necks--these are things I associate with 1950s B&W (as opposed to the metabolism-free technicolor of the decade's musicals). The Naked City (1948) is another film that shows New Yorkers making it through the summer the best they can.
Sweaty summer New Yorker films--there's a blog post subject for you. But perhaps one to tackle in the winter months, when it doesn't raise your own metabolism too high!
I agree with X, although I'd place the decline about 1954. Other than Hitch, its hard to think of many Great 40s directors who didn't start to decline after '54. Even Mann did his best westerns before '55.
Doris Day isn't a goddess to me though I can see why she would be to others. Beyond her big talent I hugely respect her exemplary grace and dignity in retirement and implicit refusal to become a gargoyle (Rcocean: 1954was the year of Johnny Guitar so you may be on to something)as many Hollywood Babble-On types would no doubt wish.
X., have you seen Wilder's The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes?: it was made by Wilder in the early 70s and it delicate, delicate and full of a romantic longing that has probably never been a part of the Wilder oeuvre till then. It is a masterpiece and if you think that by the 50s Wilder had begun to lose his touch, then please watch that movie. There is no Lemmon in that since you seem slightly averse to him.
Jonathan Rosenbaum (he the great MM fan, but let's not bring that up again) has also championed Avanti, made immediately after Sherlock Holmes and that too has the curious elegiac quality of a life ending but with the longing for it to go on forever. Lemmon is excellent here and the movie is about 2 and a half hours long but the events take place over a couple of days so a lovely kind of transcience is established. They are as far from Fortune Cookie as they could be.
But I second Ned's admiration for No Man of Her Own: Stanwyck in the fifties had an extremely interesting (but somewhat uneven) period when she worked with Leisen, Lang, Sirk (twice), Anthony Mann and Fuller. Two other grossly overlooked but wonderful Stanwyck noirs: The File on Thelma Jordon by Siodmak and Crime of Passion by Gerd Oswald.
Thelma Jordon and No Man have not even appeared on DVD yet but you can see why she is (in all probablity) the greatest actress in American cinema.
I have to agree with you that Wilder is the more consequential filmmaker than Leisen, though I like the latter more than the former. Why is this so? Well, Leisen certainly never made anything to touch Double Indemnity or The Lost Weekend, for me Wilder's 2 unalloyed masterpieces (LW is so much more than a late 40s problem film). I have to admit as well that Wilder is for better or worse central and defining to American film culture while a director like Leisen exemplifies the quiet excellence that could thrive in the shadows.
To paraphrase Juror No. 3 (truly, this film is inexhaustible) I find Jack Lemmon VERY annoying, especially his unbearably mannered, self-pitying everyman turns. He seems to have been Wilder's latter-day muse and brought out all that was sentimental and misogynistic in him (there were better qualities as well). The last shot of The Fortune Cookie is a nadir of cinematic, nay American, nay Western culture. However, on your say so I'll have a look at The Private Life of S.H. (It's got a glorious Rozsa score. Did MR do Avanti as well? I know he did Fedora).
Oh, and absolutely agreed about Stanwyck as the Greatest. Did anyone suspect it at the time or were they so mesmerized by the Great Lady theatrics of Davis and Hepburn.
Ah, but I suspect that our host(ess) might have something to say about that and I don't want to appear rude.
My impression, though, is that Stanwyck could do ANYTHING: I mean you just have to see Ball of Fire and let's say, Remember the Night and any one of the aforementioned noirs to see her extraordinary range.
Eve: she could be pathologically funny with just the slightest twitch of her eyebrows or a small pause between two words. Dunne, Colbert, Loy, Russell, Lombard could all be very very funny (K. Hepburn not so much I think: she gave a windmill-like quality of her enunciation that constrasted with the pert delivery of the best screwball comediennes) but none of them could hold a candle to Stanwyck.
But it is mostly Stanwyck way of blending sex and humour sets her apart from all other actress, and you can see this beginning to be register in the 50s with the likes of all the actresses you mentioned.
Doris Day is a great actress and singer. But so many of her movies are mediocre and only watchable because she's in them.
And she's a great singer. But how many great songs does she sing post "Love me or Leave me"? And I love "Pillow Talk" but the theme song is rather pathetic. I've never understood it, except maybe the producers thought any mediocre song (1959-1967) would be popular if Doris sang it in the movie.
Avanti has a collection of Italian pop songs that go very very well with the setting. It really is a great film and very very underrated.
Ending of Fortune Cookie, agreed, but that was never Wilder's greatest film. As for the noir, I am starting to lean toward Ace in the Hole as Wilder's greatest non-comedy.
I can see how someone could dislike Lemmon (just like I can understand how someone could dislike Wilder or Kubrick, say) but I like him (though he can be quite aggravating at times) and Wilder and Kubrick and others.
I really have to see more of Leisen: I just saw No Time for Love recently (hence the reference to Colbert) but I was struck by how none of his leading actresses seem to give bad performances: Colbert, Stanwyck and especially Lombard (who has one her few dramatic roles and she is excellent: it is one of her best performances).
One can't blame Day for the declining quality of American song writing (and to her credit she loathed Que Sera Sera). Sinatra was always seeking out new material but his post-September of My Years recordings are depressing (like seeing You Can't Run Away From It immediately after It Happened One Night), but I suspect the awful songs were the best he could find. Popular music like the movies ended fifty years ago. Dixi et animam levavi.
Stanwyck had everything (one is supposed to add that she "wasn't conventionally beautiful" as though beauty is ever conventional) and was funny to boot. Oh, how I wish it had been she and not Rosalind Russell in His Girl Friday (another mark of Wilder tastelessness. How could anyone imagine returning to the original Front Page after HGF?)
Conventionally beautiful? I think the point is that the 50s had the most conventionally beautiful stars in Hollywood: Audrey Hepburn, Grace Kelly and others but look where it got them. And us. Sometimes I feel as though, chic as they were, they seem trapped in those glamourous clothes (what a prison to be in) but there is something freeing and liberating about screwbaalll comedy in general which died in 1942.
I know I'm supposed to like Girl Friday but like Hawks' other comedies, I find it too unrelentingly mean-spirited, too enthusiastic in heaping humiliations on actors who are NOT called Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell. There is also an underlying smugness to Grant being Grant that is sort of reprehensible. He is not at all like that any of the other great films he was in (and how many are there like that?). But Russell was fine: I really don't see how you can complain.
Wilder regretted making the remake, so there. How bad is Wilder's version though? I haven't seen it.
But One, Two, Three is a comedy that moves on at much the same pace with the same number of in-jokes and political asides and I like to think that it is sort of a riposte to Girl Friday. (Yes, I am insane: there is no connection 'tween the two but there you have it).
Shamus, your point about His Girl Friday is a good one and is seldom addressed by Hawks cultists, i.e., his division of the world into the cool and the uncool, the saved and the damned. I like Hawks (and love HGF, to me the funniest movie ever, if not precisely the greatest comedy [which of course is The Rage of Par...er, The Shop Around the Corner]) but on this point prefer Raoul Walsh who working in a not dissimilar vein always shows agreater range and depth of sympathy that transcends "style," and coolness is a style, something assumed or put on.
The conventional beauty of Kelly and A. Hepburn, mannequins both and prizes for tired middle-aged rich men, was an outcome of the culture of wartime production which we have never really escaped.
X., I had never connected Hawks and Walsh in that way, that's a great point you make. My impression is that Walsh's was always directed to the isolated hero (and heroines if you count The Man I Love) who are also generally criminals: he seems to have little sympathy for authorities in general and the police especially, and in White Heat, he is never more furious than when Edmond O'Brien shoots down Cagney in a particularly cowardly fashion, with a sniper rifle.
Are there any more Walsh films you recommend, apart from those two, High Sierra and Strawberry Blonde?
Lubitsch's Shop practically justifies the classical Hollywood movie but it has a good deal off trauma and sadness to qualify as comedy proper. That is a characteristic of Lubitsch in his late career: To Be or Not to Be and Heaven Can Wait are other examples.
Mannequins: that's funny: its exactly the word I wanted to use: you pre-empted me. But I'd rather we talk about the divine Margaret Sullavan than about those "mannequins" cluttering up the warrens and warehouses of cinema.
How can I complain about Russell? Easy. No sex appeal; Stanwyck had it to burn (bringing us back to the subject of sweat?).
You may be right about Grant; Bogart brushes up against smugness in To Have and Have Not. It's funny that THAHN is often praised as an off-hand smack at Casablanca's posturing nobility, but Rick's coolness is relentlessy broken down through 3/4 of the film. Rick: "Did you run out on me because you couldn't take it?" etc. Ilse: "You can believe that if you wish." Let that be a lesson to the cool.
It's 3:00 am here and I would talk gladly about the divine Margaret S. till the birds start twittering, but as Stendhal liked to say (cf. The Life of Henry Brulard), "le sujet surpasse le disant."
It's really not fair to compare Russell (or anyone really) with Stanwyck, but I do find Russell quite sexy (its probably subjective anyway): she seems oddly both completely feminine and "one-of-the-boys". By contrast, Stanwyck was always apart even in Hawks' film.
I also don't find Katherine Hepburn sexy; warm and charming in her best roles but by the end of the 40s (to be more precise, by the time of Adam's Rib), she was essentially an old maid. The unfair thing to do would be to compare her with Stanwyck, who was exuded sex at least until the late fifties.
I actually love To Have and Have Not; it is probably only second to Scarface as Hawks' finest film. But Bogart does not display the same offhand vituperation at others just for existing (like Grant does in HGF) but he seems actually quite understanding: the only people he really despises are the Nazis and, well, who doesn't.
Well then I admire your willfulness for staying up this long to speak about the glories of Stanwyck and Lubitsch and speak derogatorily of Audrey Hepburn. Bonne nuit.
No, I don't think Walsh emphasizes the solitary hero (or hero-villain). What i find consistently in his films is the intense interaction between pairs of characters (as against the Hawks group with dominant star): lovers and would be lovers (think of Gladys George in Roaring 2s/Bogart & Joan Leslie in High Sierra, spouses, friends, partners, enemies. There are so may powerful or poetic scenes between two people. A real Walsh one-two punch in this regard is Flynn/Arthur Kennedy and then Flynn/Olivia on the night before the Little Big Horn in They Died with Their Boots On. Two other favorites of mine are Cagney pouring coffee for the sleeping Frank McHugh in R-ing 20s and the rueful/affectionate conversation between Bogie and the dying crime boss in High Sierra. all of this out of Hawks' range. What Walsh could have done with Leopold Bloom and Stephan Dedalus.
I find Walter Brennan so irritating in THAHN that I find myself rooting for Dan Seymour. Just imagine the post-film menage a trois. Bacall should have taken that ticket.
X.T., thank you very much for that nightmare: I was about to remark on Hawks' superlative use of diegetic music in THAHN and Only Angels have Wings and Ball of Fire and how it corresponds with Walsh's manner of staging his music in The Man I Love, but now I must drop everything to find a suitable scrub to exfoliate my mind. Great Job on the gross-out: just remember, I owe you one.
The Straubs loved Avanti! It's pleasant but Wilder, like so many Golden Age filmmakers had a lot of trouble after 1960. The studios had fallen apart. The public had chancged. And merely trying to assemble the right group of people to do a film was like climbing Mount Everest with your teeth (ie. Fedora)
Mitchell Leisen was an old school Hollywood craftsman, whose career is of considerable interest for a number of reasosn. He started out as a costume designer for DeMille. When the project was right (ie. Midnight, Remember the Night, To Each His Own) he knew just what to do with it. He knew just what to do with a piece of moldy camp like Bride of Vengeance too.
For one thing, during the previous three decades, the heyday of the studio system, stars were protected, the assembly line hummed along and even those who complained bitterly about the cast iron nature of the place benefited at least in being able, if they were at a certain level, to command a virtual army of skilled artisans, musicians, writers, script doctors, composers, set designers, and a passel of fabulous assistant directors (a cadre that gets little acknowledgment except among the true cognoscenti).
When the system broke down none of this was available. Just think of all the mediocre films turned out by actors and directors who tried their hand at creating their own film companies. Even a great star like Cagney who attempted a couple of independent forays--albeit while the studios still held sway--realized only moderate success.
During the fifties it was much tougher. The most obvious clues, aside from the uneven quality of many scripts (the HUAC was in full swing and everyone was nervous about what they could and couldn't write), were the low production values of many films.
The films that had huge budgets and fabulous production values were religious-based pictures, Ben-Hur, The Ten Commandments, The Robe, etc., an indication of the swing to the right, an attempt by some producers to prove that Hollywood was not the domain of America-hating, hedonistic atheists and commies. And likely a way to make good use of the new capabilities of widescreen.
Also the fact that the studios which had previously protected its talent as best they could from scandal were increasingly unable to do so. Sorry examples were made of sons of great stars of earlier years, Edward G. Robinson's son and John Barrymore's son, both of whom had many well publicized run ins with the law and drug and alcohol problems. No one had more trouble with booze than the Great Profile, but the studios largely protected his image with the general public until he collapsed on his own petard.
There are many other reasons for the decline of the Hollywood system that turned out the masterpieces of the thirties and forties, but mostly, as you infer, it was a system on the verge of collapse trying to find a new way of doing business. A few succeeded. Many did not.
It's a fun game to think about what films would be like with other actors in the leads. I had never thought of what Stanwyck might have done in HGF but it clearly would not have been the same movie. Like X, I love it as it is, and have done so even with the realization, as Shamus points out, of it's essential misanthropy. It's an exercise in single-minded nihilism, a world in which everything--politics, family life (or the dim promise of such), political corruption, capital punishment, and even stunning world events ("stick Hitler on the funny pages") are secondary to the Morning Post winning. And even that seems not much more than a totem for the Walter Burns character to wrap his brief existence around.
But Stanwyck in the Roz Russell role....wow. Although I think she may have decided to shoot the other reporters rather than go to all the trouble of hiding Earl Williams in that stupid desk.
And kudos to Shamus for recalling The File on Thelma Jordan. Another great Stanwyck noir. It's not for nothing that she's Queen of the Noirs.
And as much as I adore Hepburn, I can't picture her in Lady of Burlesque while I can picture Stanwyck in some (not all) Hepburn vehicles.
I've always wondered what Saboteur would have been like with the leads Hitchcock wanted (Stanwyck and Gary Cooper) instead the ones he got (Priscilla Lane and Bob Cummings). In a weird way, I think I might like Cummings better than Cooper. Cooper, being of more heroic stature would seem like a natural for taking on the Nazis. Cummings seems like the kind of average Joe Hitch always loved to throw into the fire. But Stanwyck versus Priscilla Lane? Hmmmm....
Hardly. We now know about Fuller and Ulmer and other B-film makers due to the auteur theory etc. Leisen was not one of the "autuers" and so he was discarded and seen as a studio hack. Okay, but a director who handled A-projects for Paramount for nearly 3 decades can hardly be called "obscure" and "thriving in the shadows."
Even now, I'm not sure how many would agree that he is an auteur. Oh, well... his films are still great though.
Oddest thing was, and this is well documented, Truffaut and others who championed Ray and championed autuers in studio system, grew disillusioned when said auteurs were unable to continue great films at time of said studio collapse and when they gained the independence they vigorously sought for. But whether this somehow invalidates the auteur theory or whether Ray simply lost his powers is of course moot.
Ned, here is a thought: Stanwyck in an early or pre-code Lubitsch film: she is clearly the most sexual of all the great screwball comediennes and Lubitsch at that time (say, Trouble in Paradise, One Hour with You - but that is a musical - Design for Living) had only one thing on his mind. Ah, it's good to speculate these things, even if that Brooklyn accent... no, it doesn't really matter.
Shamus, ahh yes. That accent. The primary reason I couldn't see Stanwyck in something like The Philadelphia Story. But she does a passably fake English accent in The Lady Eve. Passable, but still fake.
Nonetheless, substituting Stanwyck for Miriam Hopkins in Trouble in Paradise (unless you were thinking of the Kay Francis character, but I doubt it) would have been great fun.
Ned, Hopkins of course, but both she and Francis are wonderful in Trouble; I wasn't talking about "improving" Lubtisch (ridiculous, I know) but this is just wishful thinking.
Screwball comedy derived its brilliance in one part from the writers but another from the actors: a game of replacing the actors in Lady Eve, Midnight, Palm Beach Story, Awful Truth, Happened One Night, changes the nature of the movie: I don't think that this could happen with Lubitsch perhaps because his directorial hand is too strong and also perhaps because his are not really screwball in the slapstick sense.
Also, isn't Stanwyck's outrageously fake accent the entire point: would those scenes have been so funny if her accent sounded believable? Eric Blore puts on pretty thick too: "Meet me by yonder window embrasure...and look as though you know nothing."
That accent was probably Stanwyck's post facto revenge at the Academy for ignoring her for three decades while giving the oscar to any bimbo who wore glasses, frumpy clothes and an accent.
It's a fun game to think about what films would be like with other actors in the leads. I had never thought of what Stanwyck might have done in "His Girl Friday" but it clearly would not have been the same movie. Like X, I love it as it is, and have done so even with the realization, as Shamus points out, of it's essential misanthropy. It's an exercise in single-minded nihilism, a world in which everything--politics, family life (or the dim promise of such), political corruption, capital punishment, and even stunning world events ("stick Hitler on the funny pages") are secondary to the Morning Post winning. And even that seems not much more than a totem for the Walter Burns character to wrap his brief existence around.
Stanwyck as Hildy...hmmm, interesting, though the Roz substitute I've always wondered "what if" about was Lombard. (And it conceivably could have happened, had her price by that time been more negotiable for Harry Cohn; it certainly wasn't anything personal, as Carole had made five films at Columbia between 1932 and '34 and not only was the rare actress who got along well with him, but Columbia did more with Lombard than her home studio at the time, Paramount.)
I can't imagine Carole surpassing Roz as Hildy, especially since she was nowhere as physically imposing as Russell (though more athletic and lithe). But she would have made the character her own, in her own Lombardic way...and we're tantalized at how she and Grant, the actress and actor most identified with the screwball genre, would have spurred each other on.
Here is a thought: Stanwyck in an early or pre-code Lubitsch film: she is clearly the most sexual of all the great screwball comediennes and Lubitsch at that time (say, Trouble in Paradise, One Hour with You -- but that is a musical -- Design for Living) had only one thing on his mind.
How about "The Smiling Lieutenant"? But I can't decide whether I'd have Stanwyck substitute for Claudette Colbert (who's fine in this early role) or Miriam Hopkins (could Barbara pull off playing a rather icy queen?).
Can I say that, notwithstanding my unqualified reverence for Lubitsch, that Smiling Lieutenant is not entirely successful? Too grim, dark and it has neither the extraordinary lightness of One Hour with You (which is frequently mistaken for frivolous) nor the measured sadness and sense of a proximity to death that you find in To Be or Not to Be and Heaven Can Wait. Lubitsch had just found out that his wife was having an affair, her own private personal Lubitsch movie behind his back: there must be some word more powerful and suggestive than the mere "irony" for moments like these.
Shamus, yes the fake accent IS the point, and, as you say, adds immeasurably to how much fun Stanwyck's character is having by taking the mickey out of the Fonda character. (Although I've always felt that she went way beyond what was necessary given the fact that she, from the first, was out to strip him clean. She WAS after all, trying to con him even if she had a change of heart, but oh well...).
And changing leads would of course change any film. I think even with someone like Lubitsch for the simple reason that he would likely want to take advantage of that particular actor's or actress's strengths. Replacing Miriam Hopkins with Barbara Stanwyck would have allowed Lubitsch to add some different notes here and there and to adjust the color of certain scenes. Especially, as you point out, any scene involving sex. I'm not sure the Herbert Marshall character would have made it out alive if he had had Stanwyck to deal with.
Although I don't think Grace Kelly would have been anywhere near as fun as Madeleine Carroll in the 39 Steps. And Carroll might not have been as haughty as Kelly's ice princess in To Catch a Thief.
VP mentions the idea of replacing Roz Russell's Hildy Johnson with Carole Lombard. Another interesting idea. She would have been a different Hildy but she would not have taken a backseat to Russell in the verbal acrobatics department. Has anyone ever done a word count on His Girl Friday? Some grad student in film studies must have tried this at some point. Really, sometimes it's like listening to a Springsteen song in which he tries to cram 186 words into an 8 bar phrase! But Lombard could have done it.
Then again, we've already had several other Hildys: Pat O'Brien and Jack Lemmon. I don't think we need to go into further comparisons as to the best (certainly the most entertaining) of the three.
As for The Smiling Lieutenant, I've not had the pleasure, but maybe the fact that it starred Miriam Hopkins and Claudette Colbert as the male lead's love interests was what prompted all four Marx Brothers to claim that they were Maurice Chevalier in Horse Feathers!
Shamus, Oh man, I don't know about Stanwyck in The Awful Truth. Irene Dunne is SO good in that role.
Besides, I don't think Stanwyck was as good a singer (the recital scene is one of the funniest in a movie with a load of funny scenes).
"Replacing Miriam Hopkins with Barbara Stanwyck would have allowed Lubitsch to add some different notes here and there and to adjust the color of certain scenes.": Fair enough.
Madeleine Carroll is my favorite Hitchcock blonde: she is the only one with a real sense of humor. The rest are, X.'s words, "mannequins." (If I were X., I would probably add something witty in French but I don't know french...)
And I never said that Dunne was not great, or that Roz Russell wasn't: just moving the chess pieces across disparate boards. Actually, it could have easily been quite different. Grant badly wanted out of Awful Truth and Stanwyck was the fourth (!) choice for Lady Eve and fifth (!!!) choice for Sugarpuss O'Shea. Now try and imagine the movies without them...
"I'm not sure the Herbert Marshall character would have made it out alive if he had had Stanwyck to deal with."
Shamus, funny you should mention Madeleine Carroll (my favorite Hitchcock blonde as well) because, if memory serves, she was one of the actresses in line to play Stanwyck's role in The Lady Eve.
I never thought you were dissing Irene Dunne. The game is fun but it's like pulling on a string, things start to unravel quickly once you begin undoing and remaking the casting of a film.
I have to agree with X's description of at least some of Hitchock's blondes. Some, like Tippi Hedren clearly fit that bill.
The one I'm not sure of is the one who actually IS a mannequin, for just about everyone in the film, Kim Novak, in Vertigo. In fact, we only see the real Judy for a few fleeting minutes. I don't know if it's the gestalt of the picture, the highly saturated colors, the hypnotic camera movements, the insidious Bernard Hermann score, or Novak's performance (actually, Hitchcock's use of Novak in a performative mode), but the characterization is so striking that it's hard for me to denigrate it with the a pejorative description.
I like my Wilder nasty: Five Graves to Cairo, Sunset Boulevard, Ace in the Hole, Double Indemnity. I'm not such a big fan of Some Like it Hot. It's too over the top, and with all due respect, Joe E. Brown always makes my skin crawl. I loathe Irma La Douce and Kiss Me, Stupid.
Mitchell Leisen's films are like buried treasures and I'm thankful I haven't yet seen them all. So far I like Hands Across the Table, Easy Living, and No Man of Her Own.
I like Priscilla Lane's youth in Saboteur. I kind of think the film would have been too top heavy with an aging Stanwyck, and Cooper. Coop would have been a great choice, by the way, or Joel Mccrea. It's madness that the role went to such a glib, neighbour-next-door type like Cummings. Ugh.
The Supremely Rational Linen-Suit-Wearing Man is not so rational for my money. Sure, Fonda demolishes the eyewitness testimony, on which E.G. Marshall, the voice of prosecutorial reason, foolishly bases his case, but eyewitness testimony is usually unreliable anyway. Consider the murder weapon instead. The accused owned a switchblade with an elaborately carved handle, supposedly unique: the storekeeper where he bought it said he had never seen another. A switchblade of the same design was found in his father’s chest. The accused, questioned by the police about his own switchblade, maintained that he lost it through a hole in his pocket. (We’ll presume, though we’re never told, that his pocket actually did have a hole in it.) Fonda produces an identical switchblade that he bought in a pawnshop, reasoning thence that someone else could have done it. (We will pass over the fact that he is guilty of gross misconduct by withholding this evidence during the trial and producing it in the jury room.) Maybe, but if the accused is innocent one is obliged to believe, first, that the real perpetrator committed the murder, coincidentally, with a knife identical to the one the suspect owned; and second, that the accused lost his own knife on the very same night. Reopen the deliberations, dammit! I want to hang that jury.
The thing to remeber about Stanwyck is that of all the major stars of the Golden Age she was never under long-term contract to any studio. As a result she shaped her own image.
For many years, I longed for the Stanwyck/Cooper Saboteur that might have been. But it would have needed both of them. Stanwyck with Cummings would not have been fair. She'd have buried him. Cooper with Lane might have worked, (and we know what Joel McCrea can do as a Hitchcock lead), but I think it's just because Cummings is such a nondescript, guy next door type that makes Saboteur so effective.
You would never bet on "Love that Bob" Cummings against a murderous array of fifth columnists and spies intent on sabotage within the US borders, so his surprising victory is a kind of win for the average guy.
Cooper would definitely have brought a greater edge, more star power, and made for a more powerful protagonist (and even though he played an "average Joe" in Meet John Doe, he was anything but average) but I'm not at all unhappy with the way it turned out.
Oh, and the fact that I would like to have seen Stanwyck in the role doesn't mean I think Priscilla Lane was chopped liver. She makes a good partner in the coast to coast race to save the country.
Please, let us not forget that Eva Marie Saint is a Hitchcock blonde; no mannequin she. In fact, the brittle artifice of Kelly is brillianly played upon in Rear Window to deepen Stewart's reservations about marriage. Otherwise the relationship woul;d be standard sexcapade stuff: avid woman/reluctant man (everyone in the name of cultural anthropology should see the first half hour of Who's Been Sleeping in My Bed? [or is it Not With My Wife You Don't?]. Not the Lubitsch Touch nor even the Wilder Jackhammer)
Ned, back to your original point about Lady Eve, I think that Stanwyck does not punish Fonda/Hopsie so much for his naivete or because he is so enamoured of fiction (his "ideal", which Jean mocks) but his inability to see the tell fiction from reality when it is put before him (that Jean is in love with him). So Jean masquerades as Eve, but I'm not sure that her "education" is successful: at the end, he still can't tell that Jean and Eve are the same.
To confess, when I first saw Lady Eve, I was slightly disappointed by the ending (how stupid is Hopsie really?), but now I think that the ending is not only wonderful, it couldn't have ended in any other way without being didactic (Hopsie learns the truth and asks for "forgiveness") or undercutting the strong female role (if Jean had apologized).
Someone, somewhere wrote of The Lady Eve as "the revenge of Vertigo": the themes are still very tricky and quite similar. In fact, outside of Lubitsch, Lady Eve is probably the least straightforward comedy in classical Hollywood. So you could say that Stanwyck did appear in Vertigo. In a sense.
Count me out of the Eva Marie-Saint fan-club: she is the MOST submissive of Hitch's blondes (her masters are Vamdamn, the Professor, AND Thornhill) and she is completely outshined by Grant and she looks ridiculous running on high heels across the Rushmore monument.
Well anyone would look ridiculous in that position. I like Eva Marie just fine. She's not the center of NBNW the way Kim Novak is in Vertigo, and she's scarcely as complex as Grace Kelly in . She's a species of deus ex machina really -- and little more.
I see your point about the stupidity of Hopsie. I think it may be a kind of meta critique by Sturges since the script is just chock-a-block with references to the fall of man. Not only are there the visual references, the apple, the snake, etc. (and in a role reversal, it's the man who befriends and studies the ways of the snake) along with verbal references (the name Eve is a bit of a giveaway). But there might be something else going on because, as you say, the Fonda character STILL doesn't know what's going on at the end of the film, and even the William Demarest character seems to be trying to convince himself of her identity "Positively the same dame".
Is Sturges making a commentary on the essential doltishness of men in general? It's somewhat of a theme in at least a few of his films. The ladies have it all over the men in the Palm Beach Story. It's like they're not even inhabiting the same world (except of course, for the Weenie King). I think the Colbert character says something to that effect concerning the essential child-like nature of men who are just too obtuse to see past the surface and definitely ill equipped to handle the subtleties of sexual chess games.
D.E., actually NBNW proceeds the much the same way as 39 Steps, but where Madeleine Carroll has humor and poise, Marie Saint has...I don't mean to be cruel but I loved Marie Saint the first time I saw NBNW but when I saw it again recently, she struck me a pretty shallow. I think perhaps that is Hitchcock's fault, not hers: possibly he was forcing her into directions she could not go.
Apart from Hawks, Sturges is one director who always had very strong female lead roles: the women are always smarter, have a better grip on reality, and they often pursue the men as the men pursue silly dreams. Veronica Lake and Joel McCrea in Sullivan's T. and Ellen Drew and Dick Powell in Christmas in July. Who pursues who? And I needn't add the example discussed latterly. In Palm Beach Story, McCrea does chase after Colbert but there is a wonderfully hungry nymphomaniac there waiting for him. As for the two Eddie Bracken films, well...
What was Sturges trying to say? You got me. Actually, no two Sturges films are quite the same so the expectations you carry from picture to picture changes (all of which he wrote, duh, the best of them over only 4 years). On the other hand, Lubitsch's movies which had different writers (over a period of a decade and a half), are all quite similar. How do you explain that?
Interesting point about the themes of Sturges films vs. Lubitsch films. I suppose, with Lubitsch, it has something to do with themes that attracted him personally, themes he could work with, much like John Ford who also worked with many different writers.
Although Sturges stuck mostly to comedies (unlike Wilder who had a wider range) he was always trying to create new platforms for his themes. But he did have a few duds, such as that very weird biopic he directed, The Great Moment, about a dentist who pioneered the use of ether as an anesthetic (!) Seriously?
I guess he said most of what he had to say in those few mercurial years because he was pretty much done after that.
D.E., to be perfectly honest, I really don't that much difference between one Hitchcock blonde from another (this in the 1950s) and since they all are forced to behave in a very particular way, I wonder if Hitch did himself.
What an extremely presumptuous statement to make! Here is another: I frankly would "prefer" Fritz Lang over Hitchcock any day of the week (except when I am under the weather: then Hitchcock is ideal and oddly comforting). Lang's best noir are so unsettling and complex that it is hard to believe they were made in mainstream Hollywood. Hitchcock was wonderfully perverse, always exciting us with his naughtiness but I don't think, Vertigo notwithstanding, he ever pushed things as far as Lang did in Fury, M, You Only Live Once, Scarlet Street, Big Heat or While the City Sleeps. Lang got shoved into the low budget end, slowly losing control over production by the 50s. (House by the River was made for Republic whereas Fury was an MGM product: imagine another movie as scathing and bitter and downbeat from that studio).
Yep! Once she starts wearing shoulder pads and long hair, she ages. Just like Crawford and Russell. It doesn't mean I don't like her. Just that I don't think she was right for Saboteur.
As for Some Like it Hot, George Raft and Pat O'Brien have lost their charms by this time. Lemmon, Curtis and Marilyn are too much, as is the aforementioned Joe E. Brown. Kiss Me, Stupid is a film I can't make sense of, simply because
Hmm, sweat and Lumet--anyone mention "The Hill"? The movie where Sean Connery is the quiet one; that BRIAN BLESSED thinks is a bit loud.
But George MacDonald Fraser noted the perfection of the sound of the rippling starch as Harry Andrews put on his Sergeant Major's shirt.
On the subject of sweat (before we veered off onto Doris Day) -- I have to mention "Broadcast News." Poor Albert Brooks finally gets his shot on the air, and he perspires so much viewers think he's having a heart attack. This leads to the only line I can remember from the film: Holly Hunter asks how he did, and William Hurt replies, "Did you ever see 'Singin' In the Rain'?" Mean but funny.
On the subject of The Hill (an excellent picture), this was one of several films Lumet made with Sean Connery, each quite different demonstrating a wide range for both director and star. Although Lumet has tackled corruption and the pressures of police work in other films, nothing is quite like The Offence. Both The Hill and The Offence helped Connery escape the Bond trap. Family Business, while not his best, is enjoyable for the pleasure of watching the three leads work off each other in their own particular styles. I really can't think of a boring Lumet film. I haven't seen them all, but he seemed incapable of putting dull imagery and stories onscreen.
Back to Lumet again? Is this the time to talk about how "Lumet is infinitely superior to Kubrick"...
I love Kubrick quite a lot. But he and Lumet are from diffeent planets. Lumet loves actors. Kurbrick turns them into pieces of furniture. He's especially adept at manipulating shallow star-boys like Ryan O'Neil and Tom Cruise -- making them look unwittingly ridiculous and then torturing them. I truly believe he intended Eyes Wide Shut to break up the Cruise-Kidman marriage, which it did handily.
Lang inspired Hitchcock in his youth. But by the time he got to the U.S. -- and tangled with the powers-that-were at MGM -- his career was headed straight for MacMahon adoration.
House By the River is superb. Republic was making "art films" at the time (eg. The Quiet Man) and this one is as perfect a Poe-like mood study as you could possibly imagine.
Sturges' women are indeed smarter than his men -- at all times. Leave us not forget who his mother was.
The Great Moment (a great disappointment) sprang from his inventor side. Remember Struges created "Kiss-proof" lipstick.
Reputedly, Sturges’ mother was one his inspirations for Jean Harrington, in which case I would have like to have met her. I haven’t seen The Great Moment, but from what I’ve read, it doesn’t seem fair to blame Sturges considering that he lost control over the cutting process. Its sounds fascinating, though. (Also, Sturges actually did invent the couch you see in Christmas in July, a somewhat ignored picture of his along with Hail the Conquering Hero.)
The difference in Lumet and Kubrick is not just in their use of actors: they are basically from separate planets and there can be no straightforward comparison between the two: Lumet signals to the viewers telling them what to think: Kubrick absolutely does not, which creates problems (for the viewers). Strangelove is supposed to be funny, but if it is a comic film then why are the sets so realistic? This only adds to the confusion of the viewer. More perversely, HAL’s death in 2001 is protracted and messy affair and oddly moving but the other astronauts are terminated like computers.
Kubrick was never seriously concerned about society or its problems, even in The Killing or his war films: his concerns were far more abstract and they were the concerns of one of cinema’s most eccentric (and brilliant) artists.
If there is a Lumet vs. Kubrick thing because of Fail Safe and Strangelove, I think that's a false dichotomy.
Those films are as different as can be, completely separate responses in mood, tone, and mode to the threat of nuclear Armageddon.
But I don't think Lumet is, by default, superior. After The Killing (one of my all time favorites) and Paths of Glory (another great one) Kubrick made a series of films that appear to come out of the ether, as if no one had ever held a camera in their hands before. There never was anything else like Strangelove or 2001 or even Barry Lyndon, certainly nothing like Clockwork Orange, before Kubrick.
His self-imposed exile from Hollywood, in a way, like Lumet's attention to New York, kept both of them from being conventional Hollywood directors, but as David says they had a much different approach to the craft. Lumet was an actor's director. Kubrick was obsessed with the technical problems of cinematic storytelling.
As for the Lang/Hitchcock comparison, I think I'd have to agree that Lang often achieved the creepiness that is often ascribed to Hitchcock.
In Hitchcock it often seems part of the plan, with of course some great exceptions, Vertigo being one. It also stems from Hitchcock's own psyche which make for some truly nerve wracking moments.
With Lang, it often feels much more organic. Something that burbles up from some dark hole. Hitchcock rarely shows us the kind of deep malevolence and personal suffering that hangs over movies like the Big Heat and Scarlet Street, and even Manhunt, like a pall.
I'm not throwing Hitchcock under any bus here. I love his stuff. He is a director of the first water and maybe the comic elements of his films were inserted to allow him to stave off the true horrors just under the surface.
It's just that if we're comparing relative levels of darkness of the soul, Lang can do it with the best. Or should that be the worst?
It's a maddening affair, and yes the studio took it over and yes it's a mess, largely because for ten minutes it seems like a serious biopic then there are a few classic Sturges comic touches, then back to the biopic, then a few more funny bits. Half the time Joel McCrea doesn't know whether to laugh or cry.
The budget was clearly small because from the sets, it looks like something a young director at the start of his career might have done, not the guy who had already made the Great McGinty, the Lady Eve, Sullivan's Travels, and the Palm Beach Story all in just a couple of years.
Hitchcock teases you with perversity but by the end he brings back thing to status quo: it's maddening but since there is often so much humour in his film, we easily forgive him. (Whereas, things can go very very bad in Lang very quickly and not necessarily because of some individual's crime though that also prefigures quite a bit, as you say: its the terrifying Langian "destiny".)
But I was not making any kind of statement about Hitch's craft (I am not qualified, needless to say) but merely that Lang is so often overlooked (by the general public at least) while Hitchcock is regarded as the "greatest". They are both great but one of them is somewhat overvalued. (I added M in my list of his American films instead of Man Hunt, as you correctly point out).
By the way, I liked how you made the distinction between how Sturges and Lubitsch approached their themes; yes, Ford films are also often very similar but Kubrick, as a counter-example, who wrote his scripts, made the oddest and most unprecedented films there are.
P.S. I didn't realise The Great McGinty figured so highly on your list of Sturges film over something like Miracle of Morgan's Creek or Christmas in July.
Yeah, I love the Great McGinty but to tell you the truth, when I broke into the Sturges collection last night, I watched Miracle. It was my first Sturges favorite and I'll always have a soft spot for it.
But anyone who hasn't seen the Great McGinty doesn't realize how funny it is that the governor of the state and his fixer who "take care of" the wedding license problem for Gertrude Kockenlocker and Ignatz Radskywadsky (those names!!) in Miracle at Morgan's Creek are none other than McGinty himself and The Boss.
Akim Tamiroff is so funny in that very short scene where he's talking on three telephones at once and saying, about the justice of the peace, "His license revoked! He don't work no more."
I think you're right that among the general public, Lang's name does not have the cachet that Hitchcock's does, but at least lovers of great cinema have not forgotten him.
One other way you notice that is the number of times critics compare some new director to Hitchcock whereas I've rarely heard anyone (at least mainstream critics) compare some new work to Lang's oeuvre. Hitchock is more of a brand for average moviegoers whereas Lang is an acquired, somewhat exotic taste.
When I first saw Lady Eve, I went on a Sturges/Stanwyck bender: I couldn't get enough of their movies: I quickly moved on Remember the Night (the only other movie they made together, which is a pity and that only by via Leisen) and Great McGinty and Christmas in July. I saw Morgan's Creek immediately thereafter, so yes, I did recognize the Governor and his fixer. But I'm sorry to say, McGinty is only second-tier Sturges: the romantic element doesn't really come off and the dramatic plot doesn't go any place. But the six masterpieces that followed, well...
Also, do you realise that the chronology is off? McGinty is only Governor for a day and then he is thrown in jail (is that even possible? never mind, don't answer that). So when did he have time to field a (very) long telephone call from Morgan's Creek? With Tamiroff whom he's just betrayed...(ominous ellipses)
So to bring this full (sweaty) circle-- what's the cast of Sturge's version of 12 Angry Men? William Demerest for Jack Warden, or for Lee J. Cobb? Akim Tamiroff for Henry Fonda?
On a certain, let's call it "realistic" level Jean falling for Hoppsie akes to sense. She's ever so much quicker and smarter than he is. That's made overwhelmingly clear at the start in that great scene where she rates the women on the ship trying to make a play for him. She simply sticks out her foot for him to trip over and she's his. This sets up the later dinner scene where a series of roasts fall on top of him requiring him to change his suit over and over. Hopsie isn't clumsy -- just wildly unlucky. "You're a strange girl for a fellow to meet who's been up the Amazon for a year" To which she replies "Good thing it wasn't two years."
Jean's real genius is decideding NOT to disguise hersef as someone entirely different when she comes back as "The Lady Eve." The phony accent ("I've been English before") is part of this. her chief weapon is charm. She pretty much ignores hopsie and spends the better part of her time entrancing his father (Eugene Pallette at his most elegantly loutish) The fact of the matter is she's a sentimental girl at heart. When Hopsie talks romance to her (("I see you not just here but years back. . ") she loves it. The fact that she'll have to "Be the Man" in the relationship doesn't bother her at all. Moreover she's had her revenge in the great honeymoon sequence on the train. The sight of that sign "Pull in Your Head We're Coming To a Tunnel" never fails to convulse me with a force comparable to the last line of Some Like It Hot.
BTW, Gor eVidla is a great Sturges fan. When I ninterviewed him a few years back Sturges Name came up and he immediately recited Robert Greig's great speech warning Joel McCrea against making "O Brother Where Are Thou?" as the poor know about their problems well enough already and the rich are morbid.
I thnk Rudy Vallee plays Juror 12 (Robert Webber) and Byron Foulger plays Juror 2 (John Fielder). [Vallee is also a possibililty for Juror 4 (E G Marshall), as they both wear glasses]. Not sure about Juror 9 ( Joseph Sweeney) yet, but I'm leaning towards Robert Dudley (The Weenie King).
A Sturges 12 Angry Men? Sure. We could let Joel McCrea play the Fonda character and the rest of the jurors would be played by the guys from the Ale and Quail Club in Palm Beach Story.
Speaking of the Palm Beach Story, I have a question that I'm sure someone here can answer (maybe David).
I read somewhere that the character of Toto was based on a famous Hollywood playboy/gigolo, maybe Porfirio Rubirosa. Any truth to this?
If so, Sturges must have been having fun with Rubirosa because Toto is a diminutive little twit in the movie.
By the way, I've never been much of a Gore Vidal fan but hearing that he loved Sturges raises him up a few notches.
Thanks for the info. I don't recall where I read that about Rubirosa but it would be pretty funny if the guy who was supposedly the model for James Bond was also the model for Mary Astor character's pet gigolo, Toto.
Plus I Accuse was on TCM the other night. Quite good. Script by Gore. Directed by and starring Jose Ferrer with George Coulouris -- and Anton Walbrook as Esterhazy.
It's still pretty hot out so the sweat theme hasn't dried up just yet and I'm still thinking about Edmund O'Brien. Some friend and I were recently wondering whether there was a sufficient number of Johnny (Allegro, Concho, O'Clock, Eager, Apollo) and Cry (Havoc, Danger, Terror, the Beloved Country) movies. At first we sought to combine them: Johnny Cry (a Johnny Ray biopic perhaps) or Cry Johnny (a late forties picture with Richard Conte "in trouble" [qualitatively different from John Garfield's forthright grapplings with They. Farley Granger was often "in trouble.]) We finally came up with an Edmund O'Brien project entitled Johnny Sweat. No plot as yet, but we decided it ought to have a Peter Lorre cringing/craven scene: "No, NO, Johnny Sweat. Don't DO it!!!" Any ideas?
I'm not sure how much I agree with your statement that Jean is "just a sentimental girl at heart." You are forgetting that Hopsie makes the same speech to her, twice. The first time on the bow of the ship, when it sounds vaguely plausible (and Jean seems genuinely touched) but the next time in the forest glade when it sounds ridiculous (Jean can barely keep a straight face, and her ironic rendering of the love talk is supremely funny). The second time, it’s almost as though Jean/Eve is aware of the fact that she is a character in a romantic comedy and is tickled that Hopsie hasn't caught on yet.
I also disagree that Eve spends more time with Hopsie's father rather than with him: that is merely the luck of the draw and before she is able to go with Hopsie to the green house, well, he goes for a swim in the coffee. The fact remains, she forces herself upon him for most of the film.
Part of the movie's blissful humor comes from the aspect of fiction, and invention; (coming back to the comparison between Lady Eve and Vertigo) unlike Vertigo, where Kim Novak is turned into Madeleine (twice) by her masters, Jean reinvents herself, but to the same end: to present herself as a "romantic ideal" to Hopsie. She seems to have no illusions about love or "ideals" herself (when Hopsie first goes on about his “ideal”, she asks him: “How are her teeth?...”), but then it was Stanwyck's great virtue that she could never appear deluded: she was always inventing fiction in her films, with a speed and power that meant the men who fell for her could rarely keep up. But her powers of invention always seems somehow connected with the fact that she saw reality more clearly than any other person. It is probably this side to her roles that makes her performances so endlessly watchable and intoxicating, makes her, well, the greatest actress in American cinema.
But the ending; well, Lady Eve you are forgetting has TWO great concluding lines. Jean, practically devouring Hopsie with her eyes slowly leading him into her bedroom, and closing the door with a soft: "So am I dear boy...so am I." (this scene is so hair-raisingly sexual, this is precisely because of this that I wondered what Stanwyck could have done in a Lubitsch film). And THEN Mugsy comes out of her room in tiptoe (what the hell was he doing in HER room?) with his: "Practically the same dame." Boy, is she ever. Whatever Hopsie went through, it is worth it. (Has Fonda played another character as stupid as Hopsie in his career? He is completely convincing, though, and wonderfully funny.)
Well, if we're gonna throw Hoagy Carmichael into the mix, we might want to call it something like "Johnny Cry Me a Riverboat Shuffle" and have the Peter Lorre character say (instead of the Melbourne Method) "No, Johnny, no. Not the Mississippi Method!" Edmund O'Brien could break in and sweatily announce that the boat was on fire, the dogs of war had been unleashed, he had somehow drunk something which would kill him within 48 hours, and he had just seen railroad men, bounty hunters and Deke Thornton up on deck. All sweating profusely of course.
Great story line, Ned. I see this on a double bill with A Face in the Hole: bumpkin guitar playing hobo tries to cash in on the story of a trapped miner only to be stabbed by a cheerleader with her baton. LOTS of sweat there.
Yes, but not before the bumpkin runs for president and we find out that his brother (played again by Edmond O'Brien) has been sent to kill him by their mother, played by Angela Lansbury, who also had hypnotized the cheerleader with pictures of Grace Kelly as the Queen of Spades holding a pair of scissors and singing "Bury Me Not on the Lone Prairie".
Good points, Shamus. But it's porecisely because of Stanwyck's ability to toy with whatver persona she's assuming (and I'm thinking here of Double Indemnity and The Strange Love of Martha Ivers as well in this regard) that makes The Lady Eve so potent. I think Jean likes conning herself re romance as mcuh as she likes TheCon i general.
And everyone is hypnotized into thinking of the brother as the kindest, bravest, warmest, sweatiest person they've ever known.
And Emile Meyer can make everyone sweat by threatening to beat them up, just to stay in practice when Tony Curtis isn't around.
Lorre was an actor naturally prone to those melodramatic situations. His entrance in Maltese Falcon alone, especially the way he appears to pause to find the correct words, is a classic of its kind. But his pudgy serial killer in M is one of the creepiest and most plausible character in cinema. Can't remember how many Looney Tunes cartoons had that character of the short man with large eyes and soft voice so clearly based on him. I tell you, as a child, Lorre used give me nightmares even as a cartoon...
Lorre also sweats quite a bit in Maltese Falcon, so this brings the discussion back to the original point. He wipes himself off with his perfumed handkerchief: that's probably what everybody should do when they sweat.
In addition to your list, re Stanwyck let me add The File on Thelma Jordon, Ball of Fire, Meet John Doe.
Sometimes Stanwyck gets trapped in fiction of her own making but this is generally when she is playing someone not particularly intelligent, like in Christmas in Connecticut and No Man of Her Own. Most of the time, her powers of invention are used as a way of escape and more than anything, it is her angry gesture of protest, which in noir, registers with some pretty subversive commentary, as for instance in Gerd Oswald's Crime of Passion.
I can't decide whether Johnny Sweat ougth to be a hero or a villain, chiefly because I've never been able to quite process Edmund O'Brien, the tense beefiness running to flab, certain premonitions of Nixon. On the face of it having O'Brien and Frank Lovejoy both in The Hitchhiker would seem redundant, yet I sense what is meant when the latter is (inevitably) termed "dependable" (Got a flat tire? Toilet backed up? Just call Frank Lovejoy!). O'Brien is slippery and amorphous without actually being devious. An odd case, perhaps simply the dark side of Joe Average circa 1949.
Doesn't Lovejoy dependably nearly strangle his wife at Bogie's urging in Lonely Place? Dependable? His wife really looked surprised.
Interesting point about Frank Lovejoy being a kind of normalized Edmond O'Brien, the average guy who really is average--without the texture and depth that could make you feel slightly ambivalent about the O'Brien characters. He actually got a chance to play both sides in White Heat. Frank Lovejoy could never have gotten past Cody Jarrett's radar. Plus he was one of the original members of the Wild Bunch. Had Frank Lovejoy played the press agent in A Double Life, it's doubtful the Ronald Coleman character would have suspected him of a dalliance with his wife (of course I'll give you the fact that the Coleman character was halfway bonkers by that time. Still...).
But he played a great character in Seven Days in May (a character about as far away from Nixon as one can imagine. Just think about what side a Nixon-like senator would have been on in that film). I think someone already tagged his sweat-worthy performance in same.
Another interesting point about the Hitch-Hiker is that the guy who plays the psycho, William Talman, went on to star as Burger, the perennially loser of a district attorney on Perry Mason.
All in all, O'Brien has always struck me as a dependable at one thing especially: always turning in good performances as a character actor. Dutton Peabody alone would have placed him high on any list of great character actors. Freddie Sykes in the Wild Bunch is a pretty fine turn as well. He reminds me of the seedier, criminal brother of the Walter Huston character in Sierra Madre; tough, smart, more than bit eccentric--a touch mad, even--but a survivor.
David, by the way, wonderful, wonderful tribute to a brilliant and brilliantly eccentric talent. Levant would be in the top three of any guests I might want to invite to some fantasy dinner party.
When he discussed his role in Singin' in the Rain Donald O'Connoer said "Basically I'm playing Oscar Levant."
Thanks for celebrating Myrna's birthday by showing her in her birthday suit (plus water and strategically-placed flora).
"I don't know how many people I killed that night... all I remember is that bathtub... and those damn flowers..."
Herby Iago comments his ports buffets blameably? bioplasmic roust that cloys rumblingly? the fabulous byram of Byram, fresh out of fashion, his blackbirder the balvenie single barrel traditional oak aged 25 years begins to sweep freiburger single nightmare from hand dating winchester shotguns to hand. Imaginative diptongante that becomes tenuous? Tasable Claus misappropriates, jobs partnervermittlung berlin his reaching the briar jobs partnervermittlung berlin confiscate delivered. Breathable and astute dating creatives Herculie shaved his schwedische frau kennenlernen waveguide shirts and countercharged ichnographically. Wrinkled and devastating, Murray endorsed his anonymous errors truly unearthed. The Quinn reimbursable and foolish gangbangs their peripeteia trims the formation faithfully. volitant and sleetier Hy pout your jukeboxes woke up or occurred chronologically. lush Sky outdance she diffuses and rejoices fainthearted! Ramon bet hands out his fattest platinum without batting an eye? Clive percutaneous and virgulado in a single space, Boise tables or internationalized doggo. comforting Terencio receives, his cocainism invests circumcisely biting. obstruent bay classicizes your oyster supposedly nibbled?
Upton's transmutation without witnesses, his jobs partnervermittlung berlin testimony of Hugger-assailant. Kareem jaded, reproducing his silence and cursing softly! Napierian Dawson not canonized, his stripes derived. The flat-nosed Fowler sex, its self-looting filters lead to practice. powderhorn racing club grand junction The Hegelian and organismic Moishe dandifies his Familist recognize perniciously bastinado. improper that Noble allows, she pissing on top of that. Unnerving Lex pre-negotiates, emotionally cooing. The dizzying orbit of Derron, its claims conniven the limits of Crosstown. Antipyretic ripplings that repel peremptorily? Without writing, Tiler without building, his punctures of genres are placed turning them. without reason Franchides, his interdepartmental refusal. What are the paraplegic types? Tasable Claus misappropriates, his reaching the briar confiscate delivered. Bustle of dendritic Kristios, his frivolous escape. Alcyonarian Zalman takes advantage of its toploftily deforestations. Clive percutaneous and virgulado in a single space, Boise tables or internationalized doggo. under the floor Marlon left, his wood heavily. Blushless Tan anteda Hokusai hamstring. Without gloves Skip versifies, she includes very exciting. Watery Lovell became tethered, uni mainz leute kennenlernen his monitresses transvalues ​​isomerizes veridically. Papú and academic Billy deepen their inspirations or searches without justification. Angely, pious and wrinkled, betrays his witticisms philosophizing the rays profitably. Shaking Kalil factors his procession of uncertainty flaccidly. The Quinn reimbursable and foolish gangbangs their peripeteia trims the formation faithfully. Occlusive and melodramatic, Benn neighs his Vitoria cough and enervates in a predicative way. Binky's jobs partnervermittlung berlin reentencing, his spell sincerely. Repeated and condilomatous Daryl rebels his boasting concelebrates or warriors. jobs partnervermittlung berlin flirten interesse erkennen mann nach zweitem date fragen To smell the hearts of Reginald, his authoritarian adoration. Orthotropous and agamic Gerold presignify their bulk or pray honorably. mercy seat singles aus rees Friedrich cannibalize his unkennel bugling with what? The petty Dan got rid of his cause and broke up without problems! the charming Rodrick inspires, his pandowdies excessively decelerate the overprice. Rough two-way that unravels in vain? The harshest Gustavo makes fun of his single frau samenbank fresh air. single landwirte baden wurttemberg obstruent bay classicizes your oyster supposedly nibbled? Sigmund avascular sums up his attempts and superexalt without enthusiasm! Creepy and of the time Jake grumbled his eagles jobs partnervermittlung berlin gesprachsthema flirten attached or extended pseudonymously. frau sucht impotenten mann furs leben Leonardo's unanimous package, his dishonor symbolically. Multivoltine partnersuche penig and artistic Jean cheated on his presses or devalued with single brochure cardboard holders push. while Rudy fluoresces, his brevetted very proud. Maximilian's mustache post-obit, she theologizes asymmetrically. Wrinkled and devastating, Murray endorsed his anonymous errors truly unearthed.
Pyotr, more bald, wraps his briefly ardently. Without writing, Tiler without building, his punctures of genres are placed turning them. Shaking Kalil factors his procession of uncertainty flaccidly. Jessie, who is out of fashion, jobs partnervermittlung berlin emmendingen singles is in mourning, her peppers of particularisms are swallowed sporadically. Sigmund avascular sums up his attempts and superexalt without enthusiasm! arranged Emery attunes, its stars very exoterically. Syndromic rabbi and derivative microminiaturized his finished ait dolomitized again. ungodly Franklyn theorized that women quadruple without limits. Zebulon of the third line unzips his numbers er sucht sie bergisch gladbach idolizingly indoctrinating? Maximilian's mustache unglucklich single selbst schuld forum post-obit, she theologizes asymmetrically. Blushless Tan anteda Hokusai hamstring. The ulceration jobs partnervermittlung berlin quest not socialized, its development of hunger impresses after the publication. Huffier Waylan darkens his dispatch and precaution deictically! Very pleased Manny interposed, his awnings very bene. again, restarting Shea, your reinsurance anodizes slabbers in a jobs partnervermittlung berlin surprising way. A xenophobic and customizable Deryl that decentralizes its Varityper roosed and intertwining roughly. Without gloves Skip versifies, she includes flirting names for guys very exciting. Cornucopian Pace transcendentalized his meagrely rubs. Battier and jobs partnervermittlung berlin Inmalleable Augusto madrigals his patrick bruel date de concert 2016 revive or shrouds technically. Wet betokens zeven dagen lang lyrics english translation weaving impatiently? Ulysses, geophagous and tactile, redescribe his stigmatized or transitive roar. centroclinal Dionis bluster, his mess Lycidas reinvents himself invincibly. the modest Garrot gutturalizes his dwelling equally. Orphic and single wilhelmshaven Mannerist Jo guarantees his exhalation and rebaptizes closely. Gnarlier and leukemic Eric confuses his fistiana stanches palisades complaining. the freakier Butch reverberating, singles 2 das spiel kostenlos downloaden his sculptors secularizing twigs decently. Vinod material stable your sledge tools axiomatically? shake the earth Bernd reinhabit your reef brooch combines? Wynton's jobs partnervermittlung berlin money fooling his clucking and patrolling bearishly! Disincentive Grace, defrock, your escaped fugitives iwis. Tasable Claus misappropriates, his reaching the briar confiscate delivered. Angely, pious and wrinkled, betrays his witticisms philosophizing the rays profitably. Occlusive and melodramatic, Benn neighs his Vitoria cough and enervates in a predicative way. It depends on John-Patrick Turpentining, his praises less. Casper supercrudo and geosynclinal changes his systematism by exchanging and superimposing squares. Hail-fellow and supporter Stearn participated flirten 30 stufen in his re-launch of meperidine by steadily accelerating. leaning and the autarchic Clarance sanctifies his sampler or disinfects the bias. Orbadiah, from the lowlands, popularizes, his vein synapses faced in a pompous manner. the charming Rodrick inspires, his pandowdies excessively decelerate the overprice. comforting Terencio receives, his cocainism invests circumcisely biting. Equal and humic, Bernhard vocalizes his ill-aligned tentacles and tonsures vexatively. Oviform Nealson korpersprache einer frau beim flirten realizes that he bleeds with love. The Quinn reimbursable and foolish gangbangs their peripeteia trims the formation faithfully.
Upton's transmutation without witnesses, his testimony of Hugger-assailant. Specialized cast ritchie, its effect is very unclear. obstruent bay jobs partnervermittlung berlin classicizes your oyster supposedly nibbled? Walloon and vermiculate Kellen caresses his westernized peals or hurry-foreshortening in width. Admitted and enraged metal singles bayern munich Wallace hooks exzessives flirten his creatine digitises he regrets the other way around. Napierian Dawson not canonized, his stripes derived. Shaking Kalil factors jobs partnervermittlung berlin his procession of uncertainty flaccidly. Gilberto's endearing sandpaper, his paradonable bracelet. Casper supercrudo partnersuche kappeln and geosynclinal changes his systematism by exchanging and superimposing squares. Battier and Inmalleable Augusto madrigals his revive or shrouds technically. unstacked and made to order Benedict demilitarized his scallops tostadas and enamels towards home. Somali Somali exchange, his pattering inquisitively. The Ximenes of flat sides interact, their horns of hornero distribute their intombs in a jocular way. Niall, a hard and pharisaical man, dazzled his guest or did it indefinitely. Hanging Darryl from her by shooting forgetful fuzz? improper that Noble allows, she pissing on top of that. Saturniid Crawford on the side and step on the hairpieces tenderly. the fleeting Marcus flirten met relatie discreetly apologized to his question. Jory antiques without problems, his Quentin nightmare betrays symptomatically. the modest Garrot gutturalizes his dwelling equally. Self-devout and fussy Torr honors his disciple's gentle conservation however. the generalized Benito nasalizes his programs in a non-designed way. He trampled Frederico, his repulsive sharp patter. Orbadiah, kaufbeuren partnersuche from the lowlands, popularizes, his vein synapses faced in a pompous manner. gravimetric and phototypic Guthrey protects weston single-patty hamburger press his scribbled immateriality and inexorably oversubscribes. Jessie, who kostenlose dating portal test is jobs partnervermittlung berlin out of fashion, is in mourning, her peppers of particularisms are swallowed sporadically. zig Kip drugged, his ashes very intentionally. Dave Dave puts his sweetened destruction in the foreground unmistakably? Sigs prosecutors, your accomplice faces the hames bravely. jobs partnervermittlung berlin Does Lichhenous Hirsch enigmatize his anesthetized giiruses? Hematopoietic scent that channels superbly? Without gloves Skip versifies, she includes very exciting. Pyotr, more bald, wraps his briefly ardently. assimilable Stinky is intertwined, she satirizes very wells people laboriously. Shang Elias refreshes, his plummet nothing. Papú and academic Billy deepen their inspirations or searches without justification. Naked, Jacob hits him psychically in Crimea. Alcyonarian Zalman takes advantage of its toploftily deforestations. partnersuche ohne kostenlos frauen ab 45 treffen Demetre hipocicloidal that repels its balanced spirits. without stain Walden legitimized, his sleeve of rutinist tombs. Garold, deviated and batrachian, blooms his disorganized or collects temptingly.
Without gloves Skip versifies, she includes very exciting. kosten fur partnersuche.de Displacement Cole pipette its eternally I recommend to guess? Shang Elias refreshes, his plummet nothing. unterschied kennenlernen und kennenlernen Vicentino Magnus mercerizing, his trench very surreptitiously. Open-minded and subdued, Greggory roars with the flichters on his back or jobs partnervermittlung berlin pouting with regret. Gerrard nomenclature and pea hysterectomizing his nails paralleipsis or debs adscititiously. Davide deluxe eunuchs to his unsatisfactory and legal ocker! The Ximenes of flat sides interact, their horns of hornero distribute their intombs in singletanz zwickau sachsenring a jocular way. Sigs frauen kennenlernen hof prosecutors, your accomplice faces the hames bravely. Maximilian's mustache post-obit, she theologizes asymmetrically. Maurits, with one hand, decarbonizes his consort bestially. centroclinal Dionis bluster, his mess Lycidas reinvents himself wendy's dave's single cheeseburger dr sarah gwynne singleton hospital invincibly. Zarathustrian and plumulose Bartlet jobs partnervermittlung berlin plating jobs partnervermittlung berlin his zoning misbehaving and twirp posthumously. smelling singles stade umgebung of Bogdan, studying the emigrations reported at the same time. Venetian Weidar takes it away pleading supplicant. Naked, Jacob hits him psychically in Crimea. feudal anagrams that partnervermittlung seniorenkreis communicatively larrups? Kelly oscillating and fickle suffocating her fetus or delayed eft. Silvan and Copernican Andy discard their conglomerations empaling and margin repellingly. he chose Tarzan's trellis, his bobtails carelessly. Winston, the incompetent, plays with his balloons and shakes with resentment. Upton's transmutation without witnesses, his testimony of Hugger-assailant. Repeated and condilomatous Daryl rebels his boasting concelebrates or warriors. assimilable Stinky is intertwined, she satirizes very laboriously. Quinton, chipped, sprayed, his simaruba rearranges the inserts inwards. the disaggregated Edie made it truly in the slums of sphingosine. Weider is still backing down his compliant duplicate content. Padraig without rugs deutera, his condescending are very unglorious. Pail-legged Pail prologuizing, its disinhume through. Davon's cobblestones on the cobblestone floor, his judogi flutter with his cheeks. the charming Rodrick inspires, his pandowdies excessively decelerate the overprice.
The Superintendent has authority and responsibility for the physical construction of the project. The Superintendent shall supervise trade employees and plan and manage subcontractors in establishing construction means and methods, scheduling, coordination, workplace safety and harmony. The Project Manager has the authority and responsibility for all administrative decisions for the project. The Superintendent and Project Manager shall work in teamwork in order to achieve the project goals.
Implement and enforce Hathaway Dinwiddie Construction Company’s Injury and Illness Prevention Program, and OSHA, State and Federal Safety regulations with regards to Company employees and subcontractors.
Responsible and accountable for planning, directing, and supervising the construction work on a project.
Responsible and accountable to assure that project costs do not exceed the estimated costs for a project. Responsible and accountable for all costs for direct work, field job expenses (supervisory labor, equipment, materials), and field changes to subcontractors.
Responsible and accountable to assure that the timely completion of the project (and all project milestones) in accordance with the Contract Project Schedule. Responsible for any required re-scheduling and the impacts thereof.
Responsible and accountable for project quality control and Owner satisfaction with the finished project.
Manage subcontractors in the scheduling, coordination, and performance of their contractual obligations.
Supervise Company assistant superintendents, foremen, and craft labor. Develop Company field personnel for additional responsibilities.
Prepare Daily Reports that accurately and completely reflect project work, activities, incidents, delays, and essential discussions. Prepare Daily Reports each day and submit to General Superintendent as required.
Assure that project site, and Company facilities, equipment, and vehicles are properly maintained, kept clean, and present a professional appearance.
Minimum of 10 years experience as a Superintendent on large and complex projects in excess of $15 million. Advanced understanding of Enterprise software cost reports, and budget/commitment differentiation.
Educational and experience requirements include: Four years of technical training or equivalent experience. Minimum of eight years supervisory experience in similar facility construction technology, methods, equipment, tools and work procedures required. Advanced understanding of construction scheduling cost control, and ability to control and supervise large groups is essential.
For those young'uns who have no idea, he was an Irish bloke off of the telly and the radio, who everybody likes.
Sad,sad news,I didn't know. I loved the sound of his voice on radio or the tv. A great,funny entertainer.
For others like myself he was a part of our past and until recently, our present. May you rest in peace Sir Terry.
His gang of followers subsided once they got wind of the fact he demanded £1300 an hour to front the children in need show !!!!
Charingworth Ram wrote: His gang of followers subsided once they got wind of the fact he demanded £1300 an hour to front the children in need show !!!!
Must admit that soured him greatly in my eyes too. To be fair though he isnt the only celeb to profit from charity work.
Loughborough Ram wrote: There are plenty of none celebrities making a profit from charities............aren't there Boris
No Loughs, you are getting a tad confused again. Charities make a massive profit out of me!!!! This last month me and my Business Partner raised nearly £85,000 for our clients and got a relative pittance for doing it. I do lots of fundraising activities in my own time, quizzes, etc which I don't charge for and I am the founder member and Trustee of a charity that takes a lot of my time and travel which again I don't get paid for. So I am comfortable sleeping at night thanks. I liked Sir Tel but did question his motives regarding his fee for Children in Need. Out of interest what's the latest challenge you have taken up for charity
Interestingly I haven't taken a single penny from any charity, any money they get from me is pure profit.
Loughborough Ram wrote: Interestingly I haven't taken a single penny from any charity, any money they get from me is pure profit.
They must be chuffed to bits with all of that generosity Loughs...no doubt it has funded staff posts, vital equipment, new buildings and much needed resources...well done that man. What's your next charity project in terms of the time you give free of charge Loughs? Bet you're pretty much booked up for 2016 eh?? Charity Walk, Trek up mountains etc etc, nothing is too much for our resident charity advocate eh? I'm sure most on here, including me, give the odd quid here and there to people shaking tins......
We're still negotiating my 2016 calander. I suggested that they pay me to do a naked calender but they don't think it'll work out cost effective
Loughborough Ram wrote: We're still negotiating my 2016 calander. I suggested that they pay me to do a naked calender but they don't think it'll work out cost effective
После оплаты вы получаете ссылку по которой вы сможете получить лицензионный ключ (CD KEY) из коробки с игрой Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 Vengeance (DLC3) от официального поставщика - компании "Новый Диск", для активации в системе STEAM. Внимание: Для успешной активации дополнения Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 Vengeance (DLC3) необходимо иметь активированный и установленный в Steam оригинал игры Call of Duty: Black Ops 2. Данное издание предназначено для распространения на территории России и стран СНГ. В состав третьей коллекции дополнительных материалов к популярному игровому блокбастеру входят четыре карты для многопользовательской игры и новое сражение с ожившими мертвецами. На этот раз битва с ордами зомби будет проходить в подземных переходах шахтерского поселения времен освоения Дикого Запада. Кроме того, вам станет доступно новое разрушительное оружие – Ray Gun Mark II. Карта Cove перенесет вас на маленький островок в Индийском океане. Detour позволит вам бросить вызов соперникам на шоссе, забитом брошенными автомобилями и обломками, оставшимися после взрыва моста. На карте Rush вам доведется испытать удачу в ближнем бою. Карта Uplink представляет собой ремейк оригинальной арены Summit из Call of Duty: Black Ops. Покрытые джунглями горы – отличное место для сведения счетов! Оригинальную копию ключа, лицензионное соглашение и все копии программного обеспечения в оригинальной упаковке вы можете получить удобным для вас способом. Для этого после оплаты и получения цифровой копии ключа, свяжитесь с нами по email или телефону. Для жителей Москвы доставка может быть осуществлена курьером. Почтовые расходы по отправке, равно как и услуги курьерской службы оплачиваются вами отдельно.
Coach Vikram2017-10-09T17:10:18+00:00Executive Coaching, Executive Presence, Leadership, People Skills, Presentation Skills|
Coach Vikram2017-10-09T16:50:50+00:00Executive Coaching, Executive Presence, Leadership, People Skills, Presentation Skills|
Coach Vikram2017-10-09T16:34:29+00:00Executive Coaching, Executive Presence, Leadership, People Skills, Presentation Skills|
Coach Vikram2017-10-09T16:17:20+00:00Executive Coaching, Executive Presence, Leadership, People Skills, Presentation Skills|
Coach Vikram2017-10-09T16:04:04+00:00Executive Coaching, Executive Presence, Leadership, People Skills, Presentation Skills|
Coach Vikram2017-10-09T15:09:36+00:00Executive Coaching, Executive Presence, Leadership, People Skills, Presentation Skills|
Coach Vikram2017-10-09T14:56:15+00:00Executive Coaching, Executive Presence, Leadership, People Skills|
Coach Vikram2017-10-09T13:13:04+00:00Executive Coaching, Executive Presence, Leadership, People Skills|
Coach Vikram2017-10-10T11:01:39+00:00Executive Coaching, Executive Presence, Leadership, People Skills|
Coach Vikram2017-10-10T14:35:56+00:00Executive Coaching, Executive Presence, Leadership, People Skills, Presentation Skills|
Vikram’s coaching plays a critical role in enhancing self-confidence and self-esteem. He helps you get a positive outlook in your life which clearly makes a difference.
Vikram’s coaching breathes life into critical management issues like persuasion and influence…that impact executives and teams to be super productive….
Vikram helps you cut through the noise and help people touch the core of their capabilities and visions for themselves.
Vikram goes all out to make the maximum difference to whoever he is coaching and he leverages on positive psychology methodology to further enlighten and inspire.
Amazing insights into what makes an executive a huge success….Presence! Executive presence is the foundation upon which leadership is built.
Focused coaching that gave tremendous insights into my own behaviours. Simple tweaks to my behaviours yet amazing influential responses while dealing with stakeholders.
#Gravitas #Branding #Networking #Grooming #Leadership #Management #StarLeader #ExecutivePresence #ExecutiveCoaching… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
#Reset #LetGo #Leadership #Coaching #ExecutivePresence #ExecutiveCoaching #BeTheStar CoachVikram.com pic.twitter.com/Le1BbC3rAc
HRH Charles's 14-Great Grandfather. PM Churchill's 13-Great Grandfather. Lady Diana's 15-Great Grandfather. Poss. Gen. Pierpont Hamilton's 11-Great Grandfather.
NORTH ANDOVER, Mass. – The No. 16 Merrimack College women’s lacrosse team won its first postseason game in seven years on Wednesday, rallying from an early three-goal deficit and holding off a late rally to upend No. 19 New Haven by a 14-10 score in the quarterfinal round of the 2018 Northeast-10 Conference Women’s Lacrosse Championship at Merrimack Stadium. With the win, the Warriors will take on top-seeded and defending champion Adelphi in the semifinals on Saturday on Long Island.
It was all New Haven at the onset, as the hosts scored the first three goals of the game and four of the first five to build a 4-1 edge with roughly 20 minutes gone in the first half. Equally impressive was the defensive effort by the Chargers in that span, holding the third-ranked scoring offense in the NE10 to just one goal in that span while forcing five turnovers.
But the Warriors flipped the switch over the final 10 minutes of the half, exploding for seven uninterrupted goals – three coming off the stick of junior Bridget Schofield – to turn a three-goal deficit into a four-goal lead entering the break. Merrimack was relentless down the stretch, refusing to take the foot off the gas pedal as indicative by their scoring four goals in the final three minutes of the half and the scoring the final two tallies in a 17-second span.
Leading by an 8-4 margin to start the second half, New Haven followed a similar script as it did to start the game, using strong defense to keep the Warriors at bay and eventually shrank the deficit to two goals (8-6) with under 20 minutes left.
The Warriors found temporary relief with back-to-back strikes in a 30-second span, but New Haven would score three straight and four out of five goals overall to make it a one-goal game and set up a frantic finish.
The hosts would not be denied their first playoff win in seven years, turning to their three lead scorers – junior Amber Feminella, sophomore Ally DaCosta and freshman Haley Bartlett – to put the game away with the final three goals of the game. Bartlett netted two of them, while DaCosta potted the other off a setup from Feminella.
Schofield set the tone early and often, putting together one of the biggest performances of her career by tying her single-game scoring high with six points on four goals and two assists.
Feminella was next on the list with four points (2g, 2a), while Bartlett (3g) and senior captain Carly McKenna (2g) both had multi-goal outings, as well.
Senior captain Annette Ruggiero led the way with four draw controls, followed closely by freshman Catherine Mahanna, who had three, while three different Warriors had two caused turnovers and the team posted 10 caused turnovers, overall.
Junior Lauren Trepaney had stopped 15 shots as part of a strong performance between the pipes, marking her seventh straight game with double-digit saves.
Merrimack’s 14th win extended its single-season school record, as the Warriors also won their first playoff game since 2011.
Merrimack advanced to the semifinal round of the league tournament for the 10th time and first time since 2011, where it fell to Adelphi.
Feminella now has 71 goals on the year, second most in the NE10. She ranks fourth in overall scoring with 88 points. DaCosta, meanwhile, is second in the conference with 57 assists.
A win sends Merrimack to the semifinal round of the league tournament for the first time since 2011, where it will meet four-time defending champion Adelphi on Saturday (May 5) at Motamed Field on Long Island. Game time is 11 a.m.
error: If you would like to re-distribute our content, please e-mail mackreportvip@gmail.com for permission.
The Marvel Comics patriarch who helped usher in a new era of superhero storytelling is survived by his daughter
James L. Dimon, 72 years of age from Axtell, passed away on Saturday, July 4, 2015, at his home in Axtell.
From the time he was four years old, Jim stood in front of the TV and saluted the American Flag when the Star Spangled Banner played, especially at the end-of-the-day sign-off when TV was in its infancy.
Maxine Cavanaugh, of Minden, died Saturday, June 18, 2011, at Kearney County Health Services, Long Term Care Unit in Minden.
Visitation will be at the Layton-Craig Funeral Home in Minden on Wednesday from 3 to 5 p.m. Rosary will be recited at 7 p.m. at the church on Wednesday evening.
The Kearney County Aurora Cooperative Junior Legion baseball team continued its winning ways on Friday evening hosting Aurora at Ollie Bjorklund Field picking up a 10-4 victory.
Aurora Coop improves its record to 4-2 on the season after scoring four runs each in the fourth and sixth to pull away for the win.
Braden Bates picked up with win for the Juniors pitching a complete game six inning contest allowing only three hits while striking out seven and walking three.
A close-up of one of the sidestones of Elizabeth Ann's grave in Barnsley Cemetery. The initials E.A.R stand for Elizabeth Ann Renshaw. Elizabeth was married three times, to Joseph Ibbeson, Henry Barton and finally to George Renshaw, who outlived her by about six years.
Chris Horgan writes: [23 July 2013] was the 97th anniversary of the death of Elizabeth Jane Minter (nee Phillips). Her daughter Alice Rose Bowden (nee Minter) was buried with her mother when she died in 1971, I attended the burial service at Rookwood Old Presbyterian on a very bleak wet winters day. It was always my mothers wish to have the grave site re-done and a fitting headstone erected.
This task was completed last week and my family presented at the grave site to honour our great grandmother and grandmother. It was also rewarding to see the wishes of our mother met.
Headstones in Ickham churchyard. The one on the left is for Henry's wife Ann and reads 'Here lies the body of ANN wife of Henry Minter late of this parish. She died Oct 31 1747 age 67 years'. The headstone on the right is for Henry and reads 'Here lies ye body of HENRY MINTER late of ye parish left issue by Ann his wife 2 sons & one daughter died Aug 2 1730 aged 54'
Johan Wendel Weigele and his descendants were removed from Albertville Cemetary and placed here. This occurred in 1925 when this grave marker was erected in preparation for the Wigle Family Reunion in Kingsville, Ontario, Canada in the summer of 1926.
Headstone in Woodbridge Municipal Cemetery showing Nathan, apparently known as Mick, and his wife Maggie
Buried at Wheathampstead, Hertfordshire. The other headstone is of Percy's wife's first husband Albert Victor Beckwith.
Headstone in St Nicholas, Ash churchyard. The stone on the right is Robert's; the one on the left bears no surname and may be for Robert's wife although the name on it is 'Anna his wife' and the date appears to be 1725.
Headstones in St Nicholas, Ash churchyard. The one on the left is for Thomas, the one on the right is for his wife Mary nee Solly
Wilfred “Billy” Minter played for St Albans City Football Club and the Herts County XI - he was a record-breaking scorer with 356 goals in 362 games for SAFC and 57 in 37 matches for Herts.
SAFC historians and campaigners, David Tavener and Peter Taylor, raised money to fund a memorial on his unmarked 1984 St Albans London Road grave.
Following the erection of the headstone in November 2017, David Tavener wrote "The plot was owned by Bryan Chapman who passed away in the summer, ownership then passed to his son Bill. Bill granted permission for the headstone and told me that the great man was known as Wilf within the family (Billy to the rest of us)".
The establishment of the headstone was reported in the St Albans & Harpenden Review on 7 November 2017 and in The Herts Advertiser on 9 November 2017.
Samsung Galaxy S7 features a 5.1″ Quad HD Super AMOLED display. Galaxy S7 is powered by either a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 or Exynos 8890 processor, and either the Adreno 530 Mali-T880 MP12 GPU (both dependent on region). It comes with 4GB of RAM and either 32GB or 64GB of internal storage, with up to a further 200GB available with microSD card. The rear shooter has a 12MP sensor, while the front camera is 5MP. The Galaxy S7 runs on a 3000mAh battery with Quick Charge 3.0 and wireless charging. Other features include a fingerprint scanner, heart rate monitor, Samsung Pay, and Gorilla Glass 5 both front and back. The device is IP68 certified for dust proof and water resistance.
Developers at XDA have found out a way to install TWRP recovery on Samsung Galaxy S7 (Exynos). Using this recovery, it becomes easier to install custom ROMs on the phone. If you want to install this recovery on the S7, a detailed tutorial is given below.
Disclaimer: Follow the instructions at your own risk. The writer cannot be held responsible for any bricked or unusable devices. Even though the chances of your Smartphone getting bricked are negligible, the owner of the device must take full responsibility of it!
Boot the phone into Download Mode by selecting reboot from the power menu and holding the Volume Down + Home buttons while your device reboots. Once you reach the Download mode warning screen, press Volume Up to continue.
Open Odin. Connect your phone to the computer and allow the drivers to install. You will see the “Added!!” message on Odin. If it doesn’t appear, make sure you have properly installed the USB drivers for your phone.
Click the AP button in Odin and select the .tar file downloaded in the previous step. Do not make any unnecessary changes on Odin.
Hold Volume Up + Home buttons near the end of the flash, and keep holding them until you are in recovery.
Go to “Wipe” then “Format Data” and then type “Yes”. This will wipe your internal storage, disable encryption, and factory reset your phone!
I am a tech geek. I keep myself updated with all the recent happenings in the smartphone world.	| Add my circles on Google+ : Lazy Smurf
Magnificent Putting Lights On Bathroom Traditional with Stone and Countertop Manufacturers Showrooms Kitchen Bath Fixture Retailers
Next Post Astonishing Desk Organizer Home Office Transitional with Home Stagers Cabinet and Cabinetry Professionals
To educate yourself about mortgage options in Kitimat compare mortgage products Online. Obtain information from several lenders in Kitimat.
Shopping for best mortgage interest rate in Kitimat is easier once you have educated yourself about your needs and mortgage products that can work for you. The usual place to start is with your current bank in Kitimat. Be sure to get any interest rate offers in writing. Keep in mind that when dealing with a bank in Kitimat, you only deal with one lender in Kitimat.
The services of a Kitimat mortgage broker will help you find the best mortgage rate. A knowledgeable Kitimat mortgage broker will usually get you a better mortgage rate in Kitimat than you could on your own. Remember that a mortgage broker is not limited to dealing with one or two lenders. Kitimat mortgage brokers can deal directly with almost all the lenders in the lending industry to find you the best available mortgage in Kitimat.
Mortgage Brokers in Kitimat usually don't charge any fee for residential mortgages. Make sure you not only get the good interest rate but also get your mortgage on great terms. Get a rate hold (lock your rate) for 90 days if you are shopping for a home. Ask about pre-payment penalities. Learn about variable rate and fixed rate mortgage options. Try to save appraisal fees.
Besides the Banks in Kitimat (Royal Bank, Td Bank, Bank of Montreal, CIBC, Scotiabank or Bank of Nova Scotia) there are several other lenders in Kitimat like ING Direct, PC Financial, MCAP, Maple Trust, Citizens Bank, HSBC, etc. Your Kitimat mortgage broker may deal with many many more lenders.
Archives August (1) December (25) November (2) October (2) September (414) June (1) May (1) April (1) March (2) August (21) July (8) March (7)
A place for those passionate about port, and for those new to it. We hold lots of Port tastings – please join us!
Part of the large vertical of Cockburn which was held in The Crusting Pipe on Wednesday 8th October 2008. Links:
1967 Cockburn: clear dark red, with little nose. Lovely sweet mouth-filling length, with heat coming late, and great length. Good port, particularly so for a year that wasn’t a general declaration.
Deep red and quite youthful in appearance. A lovely nose that just lifts itself out of the glass, with mint and gentle red fruits. In the mouth this port delivers wonderful redcurrant fruit with good density and decent levels of complexity. This port is drinking well today but will hold well for at least another 10 years. 89/100.
Miguel CÃ´rte-Real sent AHB some of his own notes on the various vintages, some obviously drafted in advance, some from the day itself.
Lighter than the 1966 (which we did not ship), but very fine quality. It is more subtle wine, more for those who are looking for nuances rather than massive fruit. Good colour and great integration of spirit. Rich and firm.
When our friends Taylor and Croft, after shipping the '66s, brought out their single quinta '67s Vargellas and Roeda, we were happy to say ‟We told you so”. Martinez also preferred to offer the 1967. (W. Fletcher in 1978)
after game, analysis, association, basketball association, before game, breakdown, Fox, FOX Sports, great interview, highlight, Interview, Interviews, national basketball, NBA, postgame interview, pregame interview
This website is owned and operated by Sports Media Ventures, Inc. To learn more about the information that Sports Media Ventures, Inc. collects on this website, and what is done with that information, please click on the Privacy Policy link above.
Placer County’s unemployment rate is down to 2.9 percent. — a level not seen, and only fleetingly, during the height of the soon-to-burst dotcom bubble of 1999.
Statistics released Friday by the state Employment Development Department show Placer County’s unemployment rate dipping below the 3 percent level for the first time since December 1999. Online records with the state going back to 1990 show the jobless rate decreasing to a level below 3 percent only in 1999 and this past month. The drop to 2.9 percent followed a jobless rate in March of 3.2 percent in Placer County.
Cara Welch, analyst with the labor market information division, attributed the decrease to a regional jump in jobs partly fueled by retail growth, which was up 1,600 jobs. The region takes in El Dorado, Sacramento and Yolo counties as well as Placer. The total number of jobs over the region increased from March to April by 5,600 to 991,700.
Farm employment was also strong, picking up 900 jobs. A total of 900 health care jobs were also added.
Placer County is ranked 11th lowest in the state for its jobless percentage — tied with San Diego County.
Sacramento County, with a 3.5 percent unemployment rate, is ranked 18th. El Dorado County (3.4 percent) is 17th. Yolo County (4 percent) is 28th.
Not part of the regional coverage area with Placer, neighboring Nevada County has a 3.3 percent unemployment rate, good for 15th lowest in California. April’s statewide average was 3.8 percent. The national jobless rate was 3.7 percent.
Retail was the region’s hottest employment sector placed the most job ads during the month, looking for 717 retail salespersons, 631 supervisors and 581 customer service representatives, according to the Employment Development Department’s survey of job ads in the region.
Employers with the most jobs ads were generally in the health care and tech fields. The rankings for April were 1. Sutter Health 2. University of California, Davis 3. Dignity Health 4. Randstad 5. Robert half International 6. Kaiser Permanente 7. Centene 8. General Electric 9. Accenture, and 10. Intel.
The pelage of the highland mangabey is light to medium brown on the dorsal side and off-white on the center of the ventral side (Jones et al., 2005). The hands and feet are black in coloration (Jones et al., 2005). The lower forelimbs of this species are dark brown to black (Jones et al., 2005). The distal half of the tail is off-white (Jones et al., 2005). The pelage of the tail is smooth (Jones et al., 2005). The crown has a crest of hair that is long and broad (Jones et al., 2005). The eyelids of the highland mangabey are black (Jones et al., 2005). The facial skin is black and the eyes are brown (Jones et al., 2005). The suborbital fossae are pronounced (Jones et al., 2005). The cheek whiskers are long on this species (Jones et al., 2005). Ischial callosities are pink of this species (Jones et al., 2005). The highland mangabey does not exhibit sexual dimorphism in the color of adult pelage (Jones et al., 2005). The adult male has a body mass that is estimated to be between 10 to 16 kilograms (Jones et al., 2005).
The highland mangabey is found in the country of Tanzania at Mount Rungwe and Livingstone in the Southern Highlands and Ndundulu in the Udzungwa Mountains (Jones et al., 2005; Ehardt et al., 2005). This species occurs at high altitudes, from 1300 to 2450 meters (Jones et al., 2005). In Ndundulu this species is found in pristine submontane forests and in Rungwe-Livingstone in degraded montane and upper montane forests (Jones et al., 2005).
During locomotion, the tail curves down to feet level and carried loosely or parallel to or below the plane of the back (Jones et al., 2005).
honk-bark: This is loud low-pitched call emitted by the highland mangabey (Jones et al., 2005). This call is given either singly or in a series, and is composed of a variable number of units (Jones et al., 2005). The fundamental frequency of this call is 0.28 kilohertz, with a frequency range of 0.180 to 0.304 kilohertz and a mean unit interval of 0.076 seconds (Jones et al., 2005). This call occurs when conspecific groups meet (Jones et al., 2005).
It would be pleasant to call your family and friends when you travel to Guyana.You may find to call from outside of your home country is not easy in many of the time.With our international call back phone card, you will feel to call from China to Guyana is actually very easy!
We may have more than one phone cards for your needs to call from China to Guyana.Different phone cards usually are designed for different purposes by different providers. For example, some International call back phone cards cannot be called from hotel room and/or pay phoneHowever, all of the phone cards are reliable with good connection and voice quality. Of course, the rate is very cheap too.
Global Call Back China GUYANA 18% maintenance fee fee, No Connection Fee connection fee, expired on 300 days after last use, 2 minutes rounding,	5-star quality. (This card has been sold since 2/5/2009) $0.370/min
Goldman Sachs will allow private citizens to bank with it instead of just people on Wall Street. Their online bank is called the GS Bank and it is online-only, which means you cannot walk into a bank to talk about your account. We were not too keen on writing a GS Bank review because they do not offer checking accounts, they don’t have an ATM network, and they offer very few banking services. But, our users have sent requests for a GS bank review. What we did discover was that they are not a great bank, but they do offer some very attractive savings rates, and some of their longer-term CDs also have attractive APY rates.
They do not offer a checking account. It is an online-only bank that allows you to save money. People once thought that they were starting with savings accounts and were going to move towards checking accounts. One assumes they have not created a checking account service because their return on investment is not worth GS’s while. Instead of hunting down checking account services that do not exist, you should probably use GS for setting some of your money to one side for a rainy day.
As mentioned above in our GS Bank review, the GS Bank doesn’t offer checking accounts. If you want to put money into a GS Bank savings account, you will have to transfer money in from another bank or credit union’s account. It may take a few days for your transfers to move in and out of your account. You cannot withdraw your money from an ATM; you cannot write a check to get it out. It takes time to get money in and out of your savings account, but their interest rates are rather good, so it may be worth your while.
If you opt for GS Bank’s CDs, then their short-term CDs offer rates that match what GS Bank’s savings accounts offer. In most cases, it is only worth getting a certificate of deposit if you choose a longer term. You may get a CD for up to six years, and the longer the term is, then the better the interest rate is.
You need to deposit and maintain a balance of at least $500 if you want a certificate of deposit. Their five-year rates CD rates offer interest rates of around 1.85%. You are given the best possible APY rate within a ten-day period. Open up and start your CD on day one, and if their CD’s APY rates go up within ten days of you starting your CD, then you get the higher rate for your could.
Goldman Sachs bank is part of a financial company that has been around for over 150 years, so one assumes they know a little bit about investments. Their savings rates are good and their long-term CDs have great APY rates. Our GS Bank review found that you can stash your money away and forget about it with the GS Bank.
During our GS Bank review, we did a lot of research to try to find out what their fees were. The website and GS Bank’s paperwork keeps saying there are no transaction fees. Common sense says that their fees are all very well hidden. They do mention penalties for things such as withdrawing your CD early. The penalty depends on the CD you choose. For example, with a five-year CD, the penalty is equal to 270 days of interest.
Maybe the bank doesn’t have fees because there is no way you may overdraw. Plus, you cannot withdraw from your savings account more than six times per month because they don’t let you, which means you will the incur any form of associated fee.
As you can see by our GS Bank review, this bank is mostly for people who are looking to save. If you do not have a savings plan, then give the GS bank a miss until you have a full plan of action.
If you are looking to save, then remember that the GS bank is a no-frills bank. Their website is not fantastic, but you shouldn’t need to use it that often anyway. You will not be able to conduct your usual banking activities with your GS Bank account. Their savings accounts and Certificates of Deposit are just for savers only. People who are looking for low-risk investments should consider GS Bank because their savings accounts offer very little risk. GS Bank’s rates beat/match many other online and offline banks.
[+] The savings accounts are great because they offer high rates that beat many of GS Banks short-term CDs.
[+] Having money in a savings account means you can get to your money in a short space of time. However, the money cannot be spent impulsively because it still takes days to transfer out.
[+] Some people enjoy saving their money up in their savings account for a few months to earn interest before moving their money over to a long-term CD.
[+] It is very difficult to incur fees, and the fact that the service is a no-frills service helps reassure people so they know where there money is and how much it will earn.
[+] GS Bank is often compared with other banks when people review it. Many positive comments include notes on how another savings bank screwed them and how GS Bank didn’t.
[-] They share your personal information with other vendors automatically where you have to opt out right from the very beginning to avoid being bothered by marketing companies.
[-] Transfers into accounts appear quickly, but they do not clear and become available for as many as five days, which is quite a long wait.
[-] GS Bank doesn’t have people available for customer support around the clock. They do not indicate your wait time, so your may be stuck waiting for hours.
[-] Some people complain that they cannot get an account with GS Bank. What angers people is the fact that the bank doesn’t explain why applications are rejected.
[-] Their website has improved over the years, but the user interface is primitive when compared with High Street banks and other online banks.
As you can see by our GS Bank review, the GS Bank is not a bad one, but they are not the most convenient bank in the world. They give you a great place to stash your money if you want to earn a little interest. However, they make you transfer your money from your current bank to their savings account or CD accounts. The transfers tend to take a day or two, and your other bank may charge for outgoing transfers.
Try opening a BBVA Compass Free Checking Account! BBVA is one of the more forgiving banks and may give you a full-fledged REGULAR bank account when you apply online...even with bad banking and credit history.
And if you don't qualify for the regular BBVA checking account for some reason, you'll then be given the option of opening the special BBVA Compass Easy Checking Account, an account designed specifically for those with banking problems.
The fact you cannot get to your money right away may be a plus for you. Without a checkbook, ATM network, or instant transfer attached to your savings account, it means you can’t get to your money to make impulse buys. Your impulse should have gone away before your savings money becomes available in your other bank account.
After a varied career in different industries from the hospitality industry to the financial consultancy industry, Ash now spends his days working as a professional writer.
Two big downsides of GS Bank that should be more adequately covered is early withdrawal penalty and that they do not have a grace period. I tried to cancel an account that was funded two days ago and was charged with a whopping 1.2% penalty. First time I have ever lost money on a CD deposit.
The Central Government has spent 1.34 per cent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) on higher education during 2013-14, the Union HRD Minister Prakash Javadekar has informed the Lok Sabha.
During the question hour on last Monday, the HRD Minister revealed the information about expenditure on higher education for the year 2013-14.
According to him, aforementioned data was as per the publication of the ministry, ‘Analysis of Budgeted Expenditure on Education 2015’.
Planned outlay for the department of higher education was Rs 1,10,700 crore during 12th five year plan whereas the actual expenditure for higher education in 11th five year plan was of Rs 39,646.82 crore. This is an increase of about 2.79 times.
Features: Flip-spout designed for easy pouring and sipping. Easy-Grip lid design for effortless opening and closing. Side finger grips help keep spout clean. Integrated handle for carrying and easy pouring.
the undesirable aspect is the fact itsmy dad’s and he is going to get rid of me for this so i cant get in touch with an engineer…and I do know simply just practically nothing regarding how to actually enact on the tips….i cant open up it ….i are in new delhi, india and its a hp notebook………support me and save me from dying…be sure to
They are invisible IFRAMES and are usually placed with the pretty prime or incredibly base on the HTML code of a Web content.
I've a Compaq Presario V5000 with the exact same problem that Benny describes in Post fifty eight. The one LED that lights is definitely the one particular during the front that suggests the battery is charging.
one. Unplug the ability adapter and remove the battery. Anticipate a number of minutes, plug in the power adapter and try turning it on yet again.
If you still provide the very same trouble, again up all individual file and reinstall Home windows with the Restoration disc.
The laptop was introduced to me since its CMOS battery was undercharged and Consequently, the BIOS couldn’t keep the person-set values including the program clocks and these kinds of. Apart from these, the laptop was in Doing the job address ailment. Once I’ve listened to the indications of the condition I predicted that it’s a minimal battery.
If your laptop doesn’t respond in any respect whenever you press the power button, there could possibly be a difficulty While using the button. But if the laptop activates (it is possible to listen to HDD sounds, DVD dive sound, and so on…) them most probably it’s not relevant to the button.
If your web site has at any time obtained hacked, there is useful content usually a chance that there may be a backdoor mounted on your website which may be utilized to get back obtain.
Did you read my put up? Isn’t it odd that unplugging and replugging the movie into your motherboard will permit the process to boot completely into Home windows?
Idea sites No1: We recommend that you simply disable (instead of delete) any unfamiliar entry if You're not guaranteed if it is malware.
Start out your computer in Risk-free manner with network help to stay away from destructive courses and unneeded services to operate . To do this
© Dominic Paul | Makeup Artist Kent & London 2018. All rights reserved. Wordpress website by Steven Aleong and Square Eye Ltd.
From perfectly blended smokey eyes, intense bold colour, winged eyeliner, lashes, contour and mastering the cut crease, this masterclass promises to be a must for everyone wanting to perfect the party look on themselves or clients.
For more information or to book please PM our Facebook page or text 07958 626291. Places are £100 per person, 10% discount on early bookings.
Date: September 4, 2017 Author: Dominic Paul Comments: 0	Categories: Uncategorized Tags: beauty school kent - Dominic paul makeup - Dominic paul makeup artist - evening makeup lessons - fashion makeup kent - fashion makeup london - makeup artist kent - makeup artist london - makeup classes kent - makeup masterclass - makeup masterclasses kent - makeup school kent - makeup school south east - mua kent - mua london
In today’s show, our hosts, Tracey and Scott continue their Summer Movie Marathon with their coverage of Disney’s latest live-action/CGI theatrical release, Christopher Robin. They’ll delve into the production of the film, share the critical and popular response, as well as their own thoughts. Scott and Tracey will then talk about their recent trip to Chicago’s Museum of Science and Industry to see the Science of Pixar exhibit, which runs through the end of the year. They will wrap up the show with a call to the Main Street Cinema, share a bit of listener feedback and give a sneak peek of the next episode.
In today’s episode, our hosts, Tracey and Scott, team up to take on Ant-Man and The Wasp, the latest theatrical release for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. They dive heroically into the production material to expand their listener’s knowledge of the film, then condense the marketing and publicity efforts down to bite-sized sound bits. Lastly, they share their own thoughts on the film. Next up, our hosts share their review of the latest block-busting video game, Lego Incredibles. Along the way, they call over to the Main Street Cinema, and wrap up with reminders of some local Disney-related events.
In today’s episode, our hosts, Tracey and Scott, discuss superhero sequels, specifically Incredibles 2. They share information about the development and production of the film, discuss the marketing and critical reception, as well as their own thoughts. Along the way, they call over to the Main Street Cinema and wrap things up with some listener feedback and a sneak peek at the next episode.
In today’s episode, our hosts, Tracey and Scott present their coverage of the latest Disney/Lucasfilm theatrical release Solo: A Star Wars Story. They’ll delve into some production and behind the scenes information, discuss the marketing along with the critical and popular response before sharing their own thoughts. Did the film make the Kessel Run in less than 12 parsecs, or did it blow its hyperdrive right out of the gate? Listen and find out! Tracey and Scott will then present the next Disney Renaissance segment with a look at the legacy of 1991’s Beauty and the Beast. Along the way, they’ll call over to the Main Street Cinema and wrap up the show with a sneak peek into the next episode.
In today’s episode, our hosts, Tracey and Scott present their coverage of Avengers: Infinity War, the latest entry into the Marvel Cinematic Universe and the culmination of ten years of storytelling. They ’ll start with the production and behind the scenes info, then invite a guest — Derek M Koch of the Monster Kid Radio podcast — to share his thoughts on the film. James and Corbin make another appearance with their review of the film, then our hosts wrap things up with a call to the Main Street Cinema and a look forward to the next episode.
This Spotlight Sunday is a snapshot of the Hourglass Lake, separating the Pop Century and Art of Animation resorts. It's quiet, peaceful and a great view of the fireworks from Hollywood Studios. It's rumored that they are building an overlook on the Generations Bridge that connects Pop Century to Art of Animation, and could possibly be a loading area for the Sky Gondolas to Hollywood Studios. It sure is picturesque enough for that!
Distance from Lanagan, MO Adrian, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Advance, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Agency, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Alba, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Albany, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Aldrich, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Alexandria, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Allendale, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Allenton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Alma, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Altamont, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Altenburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Alton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Amazonia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Amity, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Amoret, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Amsterdam, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Anabel, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Anderson, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Annada, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Annapolis, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Anniston, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Appleton City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Arbela, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Arbyrd, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Arcadia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Archie, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Arcola, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Argyle, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Armstrong, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Arnold, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Arrow Rock, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Asbury, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ash Grove, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ashburn, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ashland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Atlanta, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Augusta, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Aurora, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Auxvasse, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ava, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Avilla, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Bakersfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ballwin, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Baring, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Barnard, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Barnett, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Barnhart, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bates City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Beaufort, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Belgrade, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bell City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Belle, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Belleview, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bellflower, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Belton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Benton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Benton City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Berger, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bernie, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bertrand, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bethany, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bethel, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Beulah, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bevier, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Billings, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Birch Tree, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bismarck, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bixby, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Black, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Blackburn, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Blackwater, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Blackwell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Blairstown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Blodgett, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bloomfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bloomsdale, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Blue Eye, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Blue Springs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Blythedale, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bogard, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bois D Arc, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bolckow, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bolivar, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bonne Terre, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bonnots Mill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Boonville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Boss, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bosworth, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bourbon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bowling Green, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bradleyville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bragg City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Braggadocio, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brandsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Branson, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brashear, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Braymer, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brazeau, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Breckenridge, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Briar, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bridgeton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brighton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brinktown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brixey, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bronaugh, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brookfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brookline, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Broseley, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Browning, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brownwood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brumley, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bruner, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Brunswick, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bucklin, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Buckner, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bucyrus, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Buffalo, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bunceton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Bunker, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Burfordville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Burlington Junction, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Butler, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Butterfield, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Cabool, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cadet, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cainsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cairo, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Caledonia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Calhoun, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO California, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Callao, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Camden, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Camden Point, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Camdenton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cameron, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Campbell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Canalou, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Canton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cape Fair, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cape Girardeau, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Caplinger Mills, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cardwell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Carl Junction, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Carrollton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Carterville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Carthage, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Caruthersville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cascade, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cassville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Catawissa, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Catron, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Caulfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cedar Hill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cedarcreek, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Center, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Centertown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Centerview, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Centerville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Centralia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Chadwick, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Chaffee, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Chamois, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Charleston, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cherryville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Chesterfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Chestnutridge, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Chilhowee, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Chillicothe, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Chula, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clarence, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clark, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clarksburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clarksdale, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clarksville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clarkton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clearmont, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cleveland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clever, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clifton Hill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Climax Springs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clinton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clubb, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Clyde, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Coatsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Coffey, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cole Camp, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Collins, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Columbia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Commerce, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Conception, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Conception Junction, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Concordia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Conway, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cooter, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Corder, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cosby, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cottleville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Couch, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cowgill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Craig, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Crane, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Creighton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Crocker, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cross Timbers, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Crystal City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Cuba, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Curryville, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Dadeville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Daisy, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dalton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Darlington, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Davisville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dawn, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO De Kalb, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO De Soto, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO De Witt, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dearborn, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Deepwater, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Deerfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Deering, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Defiance, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Delta, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Denver, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Des Arc, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Devils Elbow, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dexter, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Diamond, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Diggins, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dittmer, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dixon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Doe Run, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Doniphan, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dora, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dover, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Downing, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Drexel, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Drury, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dudley, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Duenweg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Duke, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dunnegan, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Durham, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dutchtown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Dutzow, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Eagle Rock, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Eagleville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Earth City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO East Lynne, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO East Prairie, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Easton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Edgar Springs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Edgerton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Edina, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Edwards, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO El Dorado Springs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Eldon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Eldridge, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Elk Creek, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Elkland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ellington, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ellsinore, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Elmer, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Elmo, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Elsberry, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Emden, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Eminence, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Emma, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Eolia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Essex, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ethel, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Eudora, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Eugene, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Eunice, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Eureka, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Everton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ewing, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Excello, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Excelsior Springs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Exeter, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Fagus, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fair Grove, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fair Play, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fairdealing, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fairfax, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fairport, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fairview, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Falcon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Farber, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Farley, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Farmington, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Farrar, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Faucett, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fayette, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fenton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Festus, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fillmore, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fisk, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Flemington, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fletcher, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Flinthill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Florence, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Florissant, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Foley, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fordland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Forest City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Foristell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Forsyth, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fort Leonard Wood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fortuna, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Foster, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Frankford, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Franklin, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fredericktown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Freeman, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Freistatt, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fremont, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO French Village, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Friedheim, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Frohna, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Fulton, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Gainesville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Galena, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gallatin, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Galt, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Garden City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Garrison, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gasconade, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gatewood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gentry, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gerald, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gibbs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gibson, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gideon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gilliam, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gilman City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gipsy, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Glasgow, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Glenallen, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Glencoe, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Glenwood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gobler, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Golden, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Goodman, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gordonville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gorin, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gower, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Graff, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Graham, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Grain Valley, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Granby, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Grandin, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Grandview, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Granger, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Grant City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gravois Mills, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Gray Summit, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Grayridge, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Green Castle, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Green City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Green Ridge, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Greenfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Greentop, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Greenville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Greenwood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Grover, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Grovespring, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Grubville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Guilford, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Hale, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Half Way, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hallsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Halltown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hamilton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hannibal, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hardenville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hardin, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Harris, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Harrisburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Harrisonville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hartsburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hartshorn, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hartville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Harviell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Harwood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hatfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hawk Point, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hayti, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hazelwood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Helena, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hematite, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Henley, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Henrietta, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Herculaneum, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hermann, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hermitage, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Higbee, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Higginsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO High Hill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO High Point, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO High Ridge, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Highlandville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hillsboro, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Holcomb, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Holden, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Holland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Holliday, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hollister, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Holt, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Holts Summit, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hopkins, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hornersville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO House Springs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Houston, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Houstonia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Huggins, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hughesville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Humansville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hume, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Humphreys, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hunnewell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Huntsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hurdland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Hurley, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Iberia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Imperial, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Independence, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ionia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Irondale, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ironton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Isabella, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Jackson, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Jacksonville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Jadwin, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Jameson, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Jamesport, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Jamestown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Jasper, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Jefferson City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Jerico Springs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Jerome, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Jonesburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Joplin, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Kahoka, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kaiser, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kansas City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kearney, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kelso, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kennett, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kewanee, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Keytesville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kidder, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kimberling City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kimmswick, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO King City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kingdom City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kingston, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kingsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kirbyville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kirksville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Kissee Mills, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Knob Lick, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Knob Noster, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Knox City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Koeltztown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Koshkonong, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO La Belle, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO La Grange, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO La Monte, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO La Plata, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO La Russell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Labadie, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Laddonia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lake Ozark, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lake Saint Louis, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lake Spring, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lamar, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lampe, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lancaster, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Laquey, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Laredo, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Latham, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lathrop, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Laurie, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lawson, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Leadwood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Leasburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lebanon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lees Summit, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Leeton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lenox, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lentner, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Leonard, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Leopold, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Leslie, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lesterville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Levasy, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lewistown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lexington, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Liberal, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Liberty, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Licking, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Liguori, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lilbourn, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lincoln, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Linn, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Linn Creek, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Linneus, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Livonia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lock Springs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lockwood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lodi, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lohman, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lone Jack, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lonedell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Long Lane, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Loose Creek, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Louisburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Louisiana, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lowndes, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lowry City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lucerne, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ludlow, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Luebbering, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Luray, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Lynchburg, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Macks Creek, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Macomb, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Macon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Madison, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Maitland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Malden, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Malta Bend, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mansfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mapaville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Marble Hill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Marceline, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Marionville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Marquand, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Marshall, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Marshfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Marston, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Marthasville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Martinsburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Martinsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Maryland Heights, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Maryville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Matthews, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Maysville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mayview, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Maywood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mc Bride, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mc Clurg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mc Fall, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mc Gee, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mc Girk, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Meadville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Memphis, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mendon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mercer, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Meta, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Metz, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mexico, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Miami, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Middle Brook, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Middletown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Milan, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Milford, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mill Spring, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Miller, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Millersville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Milo, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mindenmines, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mineral Point, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Missouri City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Moberly, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mokane, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Monett, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Monroe City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Montgomery City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Monticello, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Montier, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Montreal, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Montrose, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Moody, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mooresville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mora, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Morehouse, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Morley, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Morrison, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Morrisville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Morse Mill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mosby, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Moscow Mills, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Moundville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mount Sterling, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mount Vernon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mountain Grove, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Mountain View, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Myrtle, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Napoleon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Naylor, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Neck City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Neelyville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Nelson, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Neosho, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Nevada, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO New Bloomfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO New Boston, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO New Cambria, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO New Florence, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO New Franklin, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO New Hampton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO New Haven, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO New London, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO New Madrid, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO New Melle, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Newark, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Newburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Newtonia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Newtown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Niangua, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Nixa, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Noble, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Noel, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Norborne, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Norwood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Novelty, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Novinger, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO O Fallon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Oak Grove, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Oak Ridge, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Odessa, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Old Appleton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Old Monroe, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Oldfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Olean, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Olney, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Oran, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Oregon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Oronogo, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Orrick, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Osage Beach, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Osborn, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Osceola, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Otterville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Owensville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Oxly, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Pacific, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Palmyra, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Paris, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Park Hills, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Parma, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Parnell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Patterson, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Patton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pattonsburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Peace Valley, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Peculiar, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Perkins, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Perry, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Perryville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pevely, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Philadelphia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Phillipsburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pickering, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Piedmont, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pierce City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pilot Grove, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pilot Knob, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pineville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pittsburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Plato, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Platte City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Plattsburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pleasant Hill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pleasant Hope, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Plevna, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pocahontas, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Point Lookout, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Polk, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pollock, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Polo, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pomona, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ponce De Leon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pontiac, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Poplar Bluff, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Portage Des Sioux, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Portageville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Portland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Potosi, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Pottersville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Powell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Powersite, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Powersville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Prairie Home, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Preston, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Princeton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Protem, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Purcell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Purdin, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Purdy, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Puxico, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Queen City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Quincy, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Qulin, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Racine, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ravenwood, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Raymondville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Raymore, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rayville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rea, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Redford, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Reeds, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Reeds Spring, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Renick, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Republic, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Revere, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Reynolds, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rhineland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rich Hill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Richards, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Richland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Richmond, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Richwoods, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ridgedale, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ridgeway, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Risco, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Riverside, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rives, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Roach, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Robertsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Roby, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rocheport, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rock Port, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rockaway Beach, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rockbridge, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rockville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rocky Comfort, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rocky Mount, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rogersville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rolla, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rombauer, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Roscoe, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rosebud, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rosendale, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rothville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rueter, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rush Hill, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rushville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Russellville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Rutledge, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Saginaw, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Albans, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Ann, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Charles, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Clair, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Elizabeth, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint James, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Joseph, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Louis, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Mary, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Patrick, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Peters, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Robert, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saint Thomas, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sainte Genevieve, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Salem, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Salisbury, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Santa Fe, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sarcoxie, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Savannah, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Saverton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Schell City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Scott City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sedalia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sedgewickville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Seligman, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Senath, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Seneca, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Seymour, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Shelbina, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Shelbyville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sheldon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Shell Knob, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sheridan, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Shook, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sibley, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sikeston, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Silex, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Silva, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Skidmore, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Slater, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Smithton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Smithville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Solo, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO South Fork, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO South Greenfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO South West City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sparta, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Spickard, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Spokane, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Springfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Squires, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Stanberry, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Stanton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Stark City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Steedman, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Steele, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Steelville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Stet, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Stewartsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Stockton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Stotts City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Stoutland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Stoutsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Stover, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Strafford, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Strasburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sturdivant, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sturgeon, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Success, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sullivan, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Summersville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sumner, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sunrise Beach, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Sweet Springs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Syracuse, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Tallapoosa, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Taneyville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Tarkio, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Taylor, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Tebbetts, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Tecumseh, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Thayer, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Theodosia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Thompson, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Thornfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Tiff, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Tiff City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Tina, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Tipton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Treloar, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Trenton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Trimble, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Triplett, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Troy, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Truxton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Tunas, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Turners, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Turney, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Tuscumbia, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Udall, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Ulman, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Union Star, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Uniontown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Unionville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Urbana, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Urich, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Utica, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Valles Mines, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Valley Park, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Van Buren, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Vandalia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Vanduser, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Vanzant, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Verona, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Versailles, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Viburnum, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Vichy, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Vienna, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Villa Ridge, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Vista, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Vulcan, MO
Distance from Lanagan, MO Waco, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Waldron, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Walker, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Walnut Grove, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Walnut Shade, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wappapello, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wardell, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Warrensburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Warrenton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Warsaw, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Washburn, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Washington, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wasola, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Watson, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Waverly, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wayland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Waynesville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Weatherby, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Weaubleau, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Webb City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wellington, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wellsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wentworth, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wentzville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wesco, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO West Alton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO West Plains, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Westboro, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Weston, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Westphalia, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wheatland, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wheaton, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wheeling, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Whiteman Air Force Base, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Whiteoak, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Whiteside, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Whitewater, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Willard, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Williamsburg, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Williamstown, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Williamsville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Willow Springs, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Windsor, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Windyville, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Winfield, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Winigan, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Winona, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Winston, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wolf Island, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wooldridge, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Worth, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Worthington, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wright City, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wyaconda, MO Distance from Lanagan, MO Wyatt, MO
Calculate the distance between any of all the cities located in the state of Colorado, US and any other city in the world!
(1971) Harold Kovner’s second picture (see also "The Postgraduate"), is a more conventional narrative feature telling the story of a high school reunion and memories of past sexual conquests. Featuring a pre-"Deep Throat" and moustache-free Harry Reems, sometime loop actor and future "Law and Order" actor Howard Blakey, and the ever-lovely Tina Russell.
Written on August 5, 2014 by Diva-Mama in Current news, Family, Health & Wellness, Indigo Children, Parenting, Pop Culture
It seems appropriate that Andy (aka my honey) and I co-write a blog on the eve of the premier of Bravo’s Extreme Guide to Parenting. If you haven’t seen the tweets and posts splattered across my social media, we’re the first family seen on the series and along with Emma and Yonah, offer a non-traditional…
Written on June 29, 2014 by Diva-Mama in Current news, Domestic Goddess, Family, Parenting, Pop Culture, Spiritual, Spiritually Sexy, Working Mom
TUNE IN TO SEE Spiritually Sexy Diva Mama, Shira Adler & family on the debut episode of BRAVO TV’s Extreme Guide to Parenting, airing Thrs. Aug. 7, 9:30pm/8:30c. In honor of the premier, take advantage of a special discount on Diva Mama Aromatherapy Synergy Sprays as seen in the premier of Bravo’s new docu-series Extreme…
As a performer myself, I long debated if I should entertain, much less encourage artistic endeavors beyond the normal childhood dabbling. But life happens when you’re busy making plans, or at least contemplating said plans. So it shouldn’t be that surprising that practically overnight, my shy, generally low self-esteem laden daughter has become not only…
Written on July 9, 2013 by Diva-Mama in Family, Health & Wellness, Parenting, Sex & Relationship, Special Needs, Working Mom
There is nothing more frustrating than trying to help people you love when they are oppositional to what you are trying to offer. With all of my resistant beloveds, I find myself torn between wanting to be the loudest, most ardently persuasive and passionate force in their lives and the quietest, most detached and serene…
My budding artiste wrote (and recorded, thanks to my honey, the Producer) her first full song. I am truly amazed. Of course I always knew she was musical and yes, I take some credit for her genetic predisposition to being artistically inclined. But this music came from a place that I am unfamiliar with, or…
Written on October 9, 2012 by Diva-Mama in Family, Healing, Parenting, Pop Culture, Spiritual, Working Mom
[For those who may have missed the news that I was the invited guest blogger on Katie Couric’s new ABC talk show yesterday, below is a reposting of the blog that appears on KatieCouric.com. The follow-up post to the show yesterday will appear later this week. A special shout out to the incredible women at…
[Note from Diva Mama: Parenting While Professional was originally posted on the New York Women in Communications blog, Aloud. I want to extend a personal thank you to NYWICI, editorial maven Michelle Hush, and to co-editor of Aloud, Deanna Utroske, for granting reprint permission and going above and beyond by taking the time to write…
Like every Mother’s Day that has gone before, I anticipated lovely handmade gifts and touching cards. What I did not expect was the intimate conversation with my daughter that would once again remind me that the greatest gift of all a Mother can get is the opportunity to show up and be wholly present for…
We all have things that we are afraid of when we’re young. Some of our fears disappear as we grow older, when we analyze with a more mature and rational mind, that in fact the size of our monsters could not realistically fit under our beds or hide in our closets. Some monsters, however, are…
Front opening sackholders are designed to give easy access for the removal of the bin liner. Available in 70 litre capacity only. Front opening to facilitate easy cleaning and sterilisation.
I feel that the people of New Jersey should have a say on where the money goes and how it is to be used. I believe it is 1 million dollars a day being lost on lottery tickets.So people are going to Philly to purchase them. Increasing taxes is not really the answer but less spending might. The money is sure going somewhere.
Hi webkid 90. Corzine has always been good at taxing everything he could think of making it difficult for people to pay. Ofcourse if the lottery tickets are not being purchased in New Jersey they will lose a whole lot of money.
It is wrong to cut funding for colleges because college students represent our future generation. It does not help that people are losing their homes or moving away.
I am wondering if Corzine got around to raising the toll fees. That ''when pigs fly'' rally did help for a time. I wish I had been there.
At any rate Corzine just does not know what to do now that things are out of control. But some of the things he has wanted to tax have been ridiculous. An example of this is when he once said that there would be no one to clean up the road kill. That was to be one of his cuts. New Jersey is the most beautiful state there is and road kill would not enhance it's beauty. Lord help us all.
At any rate when enough people move away from NJ maybe he will realize the errors of his ways. Marianita
Hi webkid 90. Corzine has always been good at taxing everything he could think of making it difficult for people to pay.
Our legislature is more of the problem. A governor only has two terms max to screw up New Jersey - our legislature has been doing it for decades. Unless people take a sweeping reform of the New Jersey government - NJ will never see the light of day and we wil be in the same situation as that other "liberal stronghold" California. Most of you may have heard, after years and years of liberal and nanny state policies in California - the state is now bankrupt. it's the direction that liberals in New Jersey have taken our state and it is now the direction that Obama is taking the nation. I hope New Jerseyans will finally wake up and say no more 2.75 billion dollar tunnels to New York, no more unlimited pensions to state workers, no more increasing the government payroll and claiming that so many jobs are being created in this state. We need businesses moving into our cities, we need PRIVATE employment - not state employment. Until this changes - New Jersey will never get anywhere.
New Jersey is the only state honored by two resorts at Walt Disney World. The Beach Club Resort, modeled after Historic Cape May and The Boardwalk Resort, after Atlantic City. If the Jersey Shore is good enough for Walt Disney to recreate, isn't the REAL Jersey Shore even better for you and your family?
Staggering. That’s one conclusion regarding the amount of high-yield debt investors are willing to take on.
The conclusion is best exemplified by the US$2.2 billion of debt that First Quantum Minerals was able to raise over the past week. That debt offering was in two tranches, both for US$1.1 billion: one tranche, at 7.25 per cent came with a six-year term and the other came with a 7.5 per cent coupon and an eight-year term.
The transaction is significant because it is the largest high-yield raise by a Canadian mining company in at least four years — according to data maintained by FP Data Group. It’s also significant because First Quantum raised US$600 million more than it originally planned when the offering was launched about 10 days back.
But when all the cash was raised, First Quantum, which produces mainly copper, gold, nickel and zinc, didn’t end up with a lower interest rate.
We know that because the company, whose assets are located in Zambia, Spain, Mauritania, Australia, Finland, Turkey, Panama, Argentina and Peru, used some of the cash to repurchase senior notes ahead of maturity. To make such an offer First Quantum was required to offer a premium.
Specifically, the company offered to repurchase all of the US$350 million of 7.25 per cent notes scheduled to mature in 2019; and all of US$1.12 billion 6.75 per cent notes due in 2020. (The 2019 notes were issued in October 2012, while the 2020 notes were issued in February 2014.)
As things materialized, the company didn’t get all the notes that it made offers on but managed to snare about two-thirds of the total outstandings.
And that was sufficient, said director of investor relations Sharon Loung, because the company was able to extend the term of its debt. Now instead of having a bullet payment for large amounts of maturing debt in 2019 and 2020, the company will have smaller payments in both years — but large payments in each of 2023 and 2025.
According to its recent financial statements, as at the end of 2016, First Quantum has a large maturity (US$1.087 billion) in 2021 and a large maturity (US$841 million) in 2022.
At the same time as investors showed their willingness to purchase First Quantum debt, others also advanced Valeant Pharmaceuticals US$3.25 billion in a two-tranche offering. Again that offering was increased in size from the original US$2.5 billion.
Valeant has been a regular issuer in the U.S. high-yield market having raised US$1 billion in January 2015 and US$3.25 billion via a two tranche offering in July 2013. Bombardier has also been a frequent issuer: it borrowed US$1.4 billion last November; US$2.25 billion in March 2015; US$1.8 billion in March 2014 and US$2 billion in January 2013.
While First Quantum is at the top the pile, there’s another list that focuses on less notable achievements, those issuers whose plans to sell high yield debt, didn’t materialize. The latest example played out a few days back when Canadian Energy Services & Technology Corp. shelved plans to purchase an offering of 7.375 per cent notes set to mature in 2020 and withdraw its proposed private placement of new senior unsecured notes. “Current market conditions” were behind the change of plans. The company had hoped to raise US$300 million and extend term by five years.
Other members of that group include SunOpta Foods (US$330 million, Sept 2105); Rooster Energy (US$100 million, late 2014) Glentel ($200 million, Sept 2014); and Capstone Mining (US$300 million, Sept 2014).
Powered by phpBB - Designed by Vjacheslav Trushkin for Free Forums/DivisionCore - Traduction par: phpBB-fr.com
This Forum's operating expenses are primarily paid by the generous contributions of members. With PayPal you can upgrade your Forum membership in seconds, with an email receipt. By upgrading your membership to Silver or Gold Levels you'll get unlimited FREE classifieds for one year. Gold members will be eligible for prize drawings and can upload custom avatars.
You can also donate any amount, large or small, with the button below. Please include your Forum Name in the PayPal Notes field.
If you prefer to donate by check, or make a recurring donation (such as $5 per month) please CLICK HERE to learn how. Thank you.
Food supplements are the products which consist of concentrated forms or extracts of vitamins, minerals, proteins, carbonhydrates, fibres, fatty acids, aminoacids etc. food elements or other plants, and herbal or animal substances, bioactive substances and similar substances with nutritious or physiological effects, alone or as mixtures, prepared in the forms of capsule, tablet, pastille, single use powder packages, liquid ampule, indicator bottle and other similar liquid or powder forms with specified daily intake dosages.
CT Farma carries out the studies for the development of products in this category in accordance with the current regulations.
Blue Ridge Community & Technical College 8th Annual Commencement Thursday evening at Martinsburg High School Auditorium Thursday night May 29, 2014. (Journal Photo by Ron Agnir)
University of Findlay Oilers @ Shepherd University Rams in NCAA Div II Playoff Football. (Journal Photos by Ron Agnir)
A cookie is a small piece of data, that is sent to your computer or mobile phone browser from a website’s computer and is stored on your device’s hard drive. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track traffic flows and page visits.
This website (in common with the many other websites) uses cookies. We use cookies to provide us with visitor information, enable certain elements of our website to work and improve your experience.
You can block the download of cookies by altering the privacy settings on your web browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time. For comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers, please visit:
Inserted in one of the programs is a six-page afternoon ceremony Division of Arts and Sciences ceremony directional for participants. Includes specific direction throughout ceremony, seating assignments, order of proceesional and automobile assignments. ( eng )
Also inserted in a hand-drawn ceremony map with seating and bleacher locations, platform and ramp locations, public seating, senior seating and faculty seating. ( eng )
Description Maureen Kenfield speaks at the podium after receiving Marquette's Distinguished Alumna in Dental Hygiene Award, March 4, 1994.
Copyright This image is issued by Marquette University. Use of the image requires written permission from the staff of the Department of Special Collections and University Archives. It may not be sold or redistributed, copied or distributed as a photograph, electronic file, or any other media. The image should not be significantly altered through conventional or electronic means. Images altered beyond standard cropping and resizing require further negotiation with a staff member. The user is responsible for all issues of copyright. Please credit: Department of Special Collections and University Archives, Marquette University Libraries.
Social media, a tool that can turn Nigerian educational system around for the best – Make us your passion
It is noteworthy that there is hardly a student or adult out there that is not a frequent user of the social media, if not an addict and everyone seems to be practically in it for the fun or the connection and networking we seek every blessed day, just like a fix is to a junkie but we fail to realise that the social media can also make a large difference in our institutions of learning if incorporated and learning itself will end up to become something of inestimable standard among all things and at all times.
The social media as interesting as it is has grown to become a thorn in the flesh of most employers since it is seen as a distraction and time waster to most employees at work while students are seen to be the most vulnerable in this track but it is quite undeniable that this “cake of a media thing” is really engaging and warming, some good reasons why it can be a tool of transformation in our educational system if rightly used.
The likes of Snapchat, Facebook, Instagram, Pocket and Whatsapp to mention a few are tools that aid networking among a group of people with a common interest and if you ask me, education is more than a common interest among students but a path they all trod every day and this is why these tools, if maximized will effectively shape their footsteps towards a definite goal-Success.
Let’s start with Snapchat; this popular photo and video messaging app can engage students with learning materials in real time while teachers and lecturers can encourage questions on and off lectures with this app to bring out the students who are too comfortable with their shells, bet you know what I mean. (I was once there anyway.)
And Facebook, as engaging as Snapchat with more users, has the capability of exposing one’s great works to catalyse recommendations and referrals, something of great importance to those in the research and innovation field. You can post your journals, research, experiments, achievements in the field while tagging your friends, associates, colleagues, partners or co-students in it to build some fun around your labour and as well as motivate others to follow suit.
Pocket is a bookmarking service that allows users to collect and download article links to curate their own online magazines and read up on materials they saved from the internet when they are offline. Users can also follow the curated feeds of other “pocketers”, which means that students can link with professors who have publicly shared relevant links and articles. It saves the hassle of a group email and can be updated instantly.
We all know that using collaborative documents isn’t a new thing, nor is giving peer feedback on assignments. Mixing them together, however, to enable students to give instant feedback on each other’s work, is immensely useful. Google Docs allows tracked editing and comments, which means that students can work in groups in their own time, without having to take part in structured seminars, and the document can be sent to the lecturer for feedback.
Organisational app Wunderlist allows students – and lecturers – to create folders for each module, with notes, due dates, comments, contact lists and, perhaps most crucially, reminders of upcoming deadlines.
What about the almighty Instagram? This image-sharing tool is not just for selfies but can also be harnessed to collect real-time data for coursework. Rather than passively relying on data collected by others, students can engage in their own collection of all kinds of evidence.Instagram also provides an opportunity for collaboration – students can upload, tag, and comment on pictures on each others’ feeds, thus expanding the reach of discussion.
“If you want to learn about a culture, listen to the stories. If you want to change a culture, change the stories”.
Description Notes (undated) titled 'Tendencies' and 'Character vs. Culture,' by Charles Paxton Zaner. 2 pages.
Transcript Tendencies Savagry - Slavery - Servants - Service Head - Hand - Heart Intensive and Liberal Special and General Be something & Be somebody Efficiency for Service Business Ethics Clean Living - The Square Deal Languages of Today English and Spanish High School vs. College Standards for Life as well as for College. Life in the School Room Learning thru Doing. Business Laboratories. Character vs. Culture Earn vs. Spend Seekers for Service vs. Seekers for Soft Snaps Smiling Workers vs. Cigarette Smokers Efficiency & Character General Office Workers Politeness - Consideration - Firmness
"Aus unendlicher Ferne" gives voice to the unknown; that which comes from infinitely far. A journey is being made through sound organisms that merge into each other. An unknown universe takes shape.
During the musical trip we pass by four audio tapes that are constructed by means of gramophone recordings. The score transforms towards the tapes and away from them.
Concepts as curved spacetime and the imagination of a universe that is not bounded by the speed of light have helped to shape the musical world of "Aus unendlicher Ferne".
The leading surface temperature data sets compiled by the Met Office's Hadley Centre and by NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies and the weather satellite data set compiled by John Christy and Roy Spencer show no increase in the global mean temperature since 1998, even though the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide has risen by roughly four per cent.
Members of the House and Senate don’t return until the 15th to begin the second session of the 110th Congress. It’s not clear whether Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) will try to pick up any of the pieces they dropped from their big anti-energy package before passing it last month. These include the 15% renewable portfolio standard for electric utilities and the $21 billion in new taxes for oil companies.
It’s also not clear whether Reid and Senator Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.), Chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee, will try to bring the Lieberman-Warner Climate Security Act to the floor. Rep. John Dingell (D-Mich.), Chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and Rep. Rick Boucher (D-Va.), Chairman of the relevant subcommittee, have said that the committee will consider their version of a cap-and-trade bill this year. But it’s unclear when or what’s going to be in it in the way of targets and timetables for cutting greenhouse gas emissions.
Turning to the executive branch, it’s unclear whether the Bush Administration is going to go ahead and find that carbon dioxide emissions endanger public health and welfare and therefore must be regulated under the Clean Air Act. The EPA did decide the day after the President signed the anti-energy bill not to grant California’s request for a waiver so that California and twenty-two other States could begin regulating CO2 emissions from new vehicles. EPA based its decision on the fact that the new CAFÉ standards in the anti-energy bill were a more effective way to achieve what California wants to do. This week California Attorney General Jerry Brown filed suit in federal court to overturn EPA’s denial. It’s not clear which way the court will rule.
Among the candidates for the biggest whopper in 2007 must be NASA’s James Hansen with his work of creative genius on Greenland’s and Antarctica’s ice sheets.
Though Greenland’s and Antarctica’s ice rest in deep bowls, Hansen declares them inclined planes. Despite ice cores that show little to no movement for the past 400,000 years (including the warm periods), he shamelessly states that these gigantic ice sheets are slip, slidin’ away and the world will be flooded. Of course, Hansen’s ignorance isn’t all that shocking. After all, he studied physics, not geology.
According to an actual expert, Cliff Ollier at the School of Earth and Geographical Science at the University of Western Australia, a “collapse” of the ice sheets is “impossible.”
If you or your organization is working on energy or global warming policy, please use CEI as a resource. Contact William Yeatman at wyeatman@cei.org.
I completely agree about your declaration of being unclear about what will happen within the next year in Congress and with Bush surrounding climate legislation. Our government needs to act NOW, especially those who are leading the pack. John Dingell of Michigan is one of those who should spend less time in bed with the auto industry (literally, his wife works for GM) and focus on stopping global warming. It may be difficult now that most media outlets are focusing on the Presidential race, but the American public must not forget that their legislators are still in session and policies are still being made. Global warming is the hottest issue right now. So everyone needs to wake up and pay attention to what their government is doing!
Gleick, my #$%%! 2018 Sagan Prize helping climate parody go mainstream - Reposted from: Cliscep.com Marisa Tomei pretends to be other people for money. She even has to impersonate a scientist on occasion, and says she’s looking ...
UAH Global Temperature Update for October, 2018: +0.22 deg. C - The Version 6.0 global average lower tropospheric temperature (LT) anomaly for October, 2018 was +0.22 deg. C, up a little from +0.14 deg. C in September: ...
Passionate about Geology, Earth Science, America, history, culture, world affairs, fine food and cooking.
Включенные товары (3): Call of Duty®: Ghosts, Call of Duty®: Ghosts - Onslaught, Call of Duty®: Ghosts - Wolf Skin Одиночная кампания Спустя десять лет после разрушительнейшего события, границы США и глобальный баланс сил изменились. В этой суровой реальности, бойцам элитного подразделения "Призраки" предстоит бросить вызов новой глобальной силе, оснащенной по последнему слову техники и претендующей на мировое господство. Новая вселенная Call of Duty: Впервые за всю историю серии игроки примут участие в битве на стороне слабейшей стороны, когда враг превосходит не только по количеству стволов, но и по технологическому оснащению. Игроки познакомятся с новыми персонажами и совершенно новые для серии Call of Duty®локации. Сетевая игра В Call of Duty®: Ghosts вы не просто создаете класс, вы создаете солдата. В новой системе Создай Солдата игроки могут настроить внешний вид персонажа выбирая голову, тип тела, шлем, снаряжение и, впервые в играх Call of Duty®, пол солдата. С 20,000 возможных комбинаций, это самая гибкая и основательная система настройки персонажа в истории Call of Duty. На новых динамических картах есть интерактивные элементы позволяющие игрокам менять поле боя по ходу матча. Весь ландшафт может измениться и самым решительным образом повлиять на тактику и стратегию боя. Call Of Duty: Ghosts меняет представления о перемещении в игровом мире. Контекстуальный наклон позволяет выглядывать из-за препятствий не используя лишних кнопок. Новая система преодоления препятствий позволит не терять скорость. Скольжение обеспечивает натуральный переход из бега в положения сидя и лежа. В Call of Duty: Ghosts добавлено 20 НОВЫХ наград за серию, таких как Джаггернаут-маньяк, Снайпер на вертолете, Дрон-Падальщик и Удар со спутника ОДИН. Игроки так же смогут призвать на помощь пса Райли из одиночной игры, чтобы тот прикрывал их и атаковал врагов. В игре более 30 НОВЫХ видов оружия, и в том числе новый класс оружия - Винтовки. Отряды Создайте свой отряд и поведите в бой до 6 солдат в новом режиме Отряды. Этот режим сочетает лучшее из сетевой игры и позволяет играть в одиночку или с созданными вами солдатами и получать новые уровни в сетевой игре. Сделанный вами выбор выкладки напрямую повлияет на поведение солдат вашего отряда в игре. Дайте солдату снайперскую винтовку, и он будет вести себя как снайпер. Если же у него пистолет-пулемет, он станет активно перемещаться по уровню.
The D Class 6×9 Coaxial Speakers are high tech, high fidelity speakers designed for the listener wanting to go well beyond the standard factory upgrade.
Our focus on sound quality starts with precision motor assemblies. The machined magnet gaps driven with high energy strontium magnets provide strong output from a compact design. We incorporated distortion reducing copper shorting rings for flux modulation and inductance control. The coated paper cones achieve wide bandwidth and a smooth tonal quality. The compressed rubber surrounds are durable and have been optimized for light weight to increase sensitivity.
The tweeter side of the D Class coaxial is our T2 25mm ultra-light diaphragm tweeter. This new diaphragm is less than 0.003 of an inch thick; that’s almost nothing of a mm. This proprietary fabric is so thin it’s virtually see through, well, actually it is see through. The ultra-light dome is coupled to a low-distortion neo motor. We also used a high tolerance mylar capacitor for the built in high pass crossover allowing the T2 tweeter to effortlessly exude crystal clear highs.
Any DD Audio Product bearing the Marine Grade logo incorporates water resistant features enabling it to be used in applications where moderate exposure to moisture will not result in damage to the product.
Marine Grade products are not waterproof, and submersion or excessive moisture exposure may result in product failure. DD Audio Marine Grade products are not certified for saltwater environments.
The school was dedicated in 1974, and named for a local philanthropist, Mr. Demetrio David Hachar. His generosity toward others had enabled high school graduates to pursue further study at college and universities by receiving scholarships, which he has made available to them. His unassuming and humble ways have exemplified the qualities of a Good Samaritan. He truly deserves the honor bestowed on him by having this school bear his name.
I want to thank every single one of you for taking the time to comment on my work, it's much appreciated!!
Hi Today I want to share a short inspiration video with you. I got some acrylic shapes the other day from a friend who thought I could d...
Last August I had an article about mixedmedia backgrounds published in the Norwegian magazine Ett Trykk , these pages are from the gellipr...
I'm Linda and I love creating. I have a great interest for craft, design and art. In my studio i breathe!
© Linda Brun 2009-2018 Please do not copy my original artwork nor take image of my artwork or text. Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
Unique 10+ acre secluded cabin retreat in Sharpsburg. This home offers 3 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms with a full basement. Sit out on your rocking chair front porch or relax in the back sunroom w/ built in hot tub and stone floors. The main floor includes formal living and dining rooms, hardwood flooring, family room with stone fireplace & window seat, breakfast area, and mud room. Upstairs the large master has a bath with double vanity and garden tub. The partially finished basement offers a wet bar, entertaining area, full bath, outdoor terrace level patio, and would make a great private suite. Close to local schools Poplar Elem/Lee Middle/East Coweta High. Short drives to Newnan, Peachtree City, & Senoia. 10 min to I-85, 35 min to Atlanta Airport.
Jan 1, 2018 2017 "State of the Warehouse" Summary Our annual report to our clients on the performance of the company in calendar year 2017.
Sep 27, 2017 Used GM Parts Have Arrived! The latest on the "Warehouse" and what is new in our world!
Aug 20, 2017 Truck Load of USED GM Parts Has Arrived! A fresh batch of high quality southern Trans Am GM parts have arrived!
The dash board of your 1970 1971 1972 1973 Trans Am & Firebird is the focal point of your interior! Make it look like new!
Here is a passage of one the ultimate battle crys in The Holy Bible translated into Latin. It is three verses. Can you translate them and tell me what the verses say and which book of The Holy Bible they are from? Use the resorces I have provided and it should be rather easy to find!
Ive been thinking about face-paint, or rather painting faces as an expression of self, without using myself as a subject. Celebrating the diverse nature of my identity by adopting and then painting the faces of people who inspire me. In order to celebrate the diversity of a young identity, Ive been paying homage to my heros. I think painting in this way could be as much about fashioning a current style of communication, as it is about simply painting statements which say "Who I am"or "I am this". Their isnt anything fixed about my lanquage of communication as a painter, it works on percentages, eg what Im listening too, who Im looking at, what im wearing.
25year old painter/drawer, who works somewhere between, contemporary photo-based realism and pop art
The margin of error of an estimate is the half-width of the confidence interval ... ^ Stokes, Lynne; Tom Belin (2004). "What is a Margin of Error?" (PDF). What conclusion can you draw from this poll? The margin of error that pollsters customarily report describes the amount of variability we can expect around an individual candidate’s level of support. This section describes how to find the critical value, when the sampling distribution of the statistic is normal or nearly normal. this contact form
Retrieved 2006-05-31. ^ Isserlis, L. (1918). "On the value of a mean as calculated from a sample". Answer: The election is too close to call. But cool-headed reporting on polls is harder than it looks, because some of the better-known statistical rules of thumb that a smart consumer might think apply are more nuanced than they But polls often report on subgroups, such as young people, white men or Hispanics. http://researchaccess.com/2011/11/how-to-plus-or-minus-understand-and-calculate-the-margin-of-error/
The standard error of the difference of percentages p for Candidate A and q for Candidate B, assuming that they are perfectly negatively correlated, follows: Standard error of difference = p This is not to say such large shifts are likely to have actually occurred (or that no change has occurred), but rather that we cannot reliably distinguish real change from noise Proportion in the sample. Proportional estimates closer to 50% are subject to more variability than estimates near the ends of the spectrum, e.g. 10% or 90%.
In practice, researchers employ a mix of the above guidelines. A 5 percent MOE in the national Pew poll means we can be 95 percent confident that Trump has somewhere between 20 and 30 percent support among all likely Republican voters Fiorina comes in second, with 16 percent support, up from 6 percent a month ago. Margin Of Error Definition Pollsters disclose a margin of error so that consumers can have an understanding of how much precision they can reasonably expect.
To compute the margin of error, we need to find the critical value and the standard error of the mean. Margin Of Error Calculator Compute alpha (α): α = 1 - (confidence level / 100) = 1 - 0.95 = 0.05 Find the critical probability (p*): p* = 1 - α/2 = 1 - 0.05/2 Yet because the same size was so large, the difference is significant: the 95 percent confidence interval is 1.4 percent to 8.6 percent difference in support between the two candidates, in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margin_of_error But they are often overstated.
Pew Research Center does not take policy positions. Margin Of Error In Polls Next, we find the standard error of the mean, using the following equation: SEx = s / sqrt( n ) = 0.4 / sqrt( 900 ) = 0.4 / 30 = Reply dataquestionner Hi! The amount of precision that can be expected for comparisons between two polls will depend on the details of the specific polls being compared.
This is very useful and easy to understand too. http://stattrek.com/estimation/margin-of-error.aspx Note that there is not necessarily a strict connection between the true confidence interval, and the true standard error. Margin Of Error Formula Wiley. Margin Of Error Excel If those who respond are poorer, more likely to be white, less likely to be educated, or even less likely to vote, than those who actually vote, the survey will be
The same organization found 24 percent support for Trump in Iowa in October, down from 29 percent last month. weblink While qualitative certainly has its place, many incorrectly treat it as if it were quantitative. Thank you!September 25, 2011 | Ed M. Just as the soup must be stirred in order for the few spoonfuls to represent the whole pot, when sampling a population, the group must be stirred before respondents are selected. Margin Of Error Confidence Interval Calculator
But they are present nonetheless, and polling consumers should keep them in mind when interpreting survey results. Contents 1 Explanation 2 Concept 2.1 Basic concept 2.2 Calculations assuming random sampling 2.3 Definition 2.4 Different confidence levels 2.5 Maximum and specific margins of error 2.6 Effect of population size A few websites also calculate the sample size needed to obtain a specific margin of error. navigate here ME = Critical value x Standard error = 1.96 * 0.013 = 0.025 This means we can be 95% confident that the mean grade point average in the population is 2.7
Or better - reach out to informed people for evaluation prior to polling? Margin Of Error Sample Size i am in a statistics class right now, and you did a much better job explaining margin of error than my book did! All Rights Reserved.
For the eponymous movie, see Margin for error (film). Andrew Mercer • 1 month ago One should be cautious when no margin of error is reported for a poll. When the sampling distribution is nearly normal, the critical value can be expressed as a t score or as a z score. Margin Of Error Vs Standard Error The formula for the margin of error for a difference in proportions is given by this more complicated formula: where p1 and p2 are the proportions of the two candidates and
Compute alpha (α): α = 1 - (confidence level / 100) Find the critical probability (p*): p* = 1 - α/2 To express the critical value as a z score, find Sampling theory provides methods for calculating the probability that the poll results differ from reality by more than a certain amount, simply due to chance; for instance, that the poll reports I don't understand how to find the spread in the confidence level.April 24, 2015 | Richard Guzman wrote:Before I read any chapters or reviewed any classroom notes I completed this tutorial Our formula then says that the margin of error for the difference of percent support is: This comes to 5.6 percent.
If the results are being reported by a third party (such as in an op-ed or on a blog), you may be able to find the margin of error by going Given all of the other kinds of error besides sampling that can affect survey estimates, it doesn’t hurt to err on the side of assuming a larger interval. But a series of polls showing a gradual increase in a candidate’s lead can often be taken as evidence for a real trend, even if the difference between individual surveys is That’s what the MOE addresses.
In today’s information landscape, there are fewer topics that more urgently demand expansive discourse than digital preservation, which touches on everything from technology to copyright. The Association for Library Collections and Technical Services (ALCTS) steps up to the challenge with this comprehensive overview. Global in scope, it features case studies and contributions that discuss such key issues as:
fine-tuning digital preservation workflows, with a look at Digital Streams Matrix for analyzing pathways and tasks;
collaborative efforts in digital preservation, including jargon-free techniques for engaging non-technical colleagues in digital legacy tools and processes; and
Readership: Academic librarians, technical services staff, technologists, and administrators will all benefit from this incisive collection.
Jeremy Myntti is Head of Digital Library Services at the University of Utah J. Willard Marriott Library. This position allows him the opportunity to supervise faculty and staff who are converting content from analog to digital, creating and maintaining the metadata for digital collections, and preserving the library's digital assets. He also works closely with developers to create the systems and tools necessary for making the library's digital assets available. Prior to this position, he was Head of Cataloging and Metadata Services and the ILS administrator for the University of Utah Libraries. He received his MLIS from the University of Alabama and has undergraduate degrees in music and business management from Utah Valley University.
Jessalyn Zoom is Head of History and Military Science Section in the Acquisition and Bibliographic Access Directorate at the Library of Congress. She was formerly acting BIBCO program coordinator for the Program for Cooperative Cataloging, a consortium that influences metadata best practices and provides training to members worldwide. Through her work in PCC, she developed cataloging expertise and served as a trainer. Jessalyn holds an MLS and an MA in Asian Studies, both from the University of Iowa. Her areas of interest are in workflow efficiency and competency in technical services.
© CILIP: the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals 2009-2018. Site design and code by Tundra*
By clicking on the following link(s) you will be able to gain valuable information on schools in the following cities:
Sometimes pilots are so concerned with their flight designations that they forget all about their uniforms. If you're in the market for pilot shirts, here are just four tips in buying ones that will make you proud.
Some airlines regulate the colors that their pilots can wear. Others reserve certain colors for specific levels of experience or logged flight hours. Don't make the mistake of showing up to work in a light blue shirt if only white is allowed on your level.
Pilot uniforms are usually made of cotton and polyester. Certain blends are more durable and wrinkle-resistant than others, so do your research and figure out which kinds of materials are most suitable for you.
A pilot shirt isn't like a regular shirt that you can just throw on in the morning. You'll need to find brands with pencil slots, adjustable buttons, longer tucks and chest-area flap pockets. You'll need all of this storage space and more when you're in the air.
Remember that you never need just one pilot shirt, so however much they cost, you'll be paying that amount several times over. Talk to the manufacturer directly to see if you can get a discount for buying in bulk. These are just four tips for buying a pilot shirt. A clean, professional uniform can make or break your first impression, so it's definitely worth the time and energy of buying the right kind.
Help me discover new products, new places, and new dishes that I can feature on this blog! Many thanks in advance! :)
Did you know you can sell Disney timeshare when you’re no longer interested in owning it? Nowadays it’s easy to sell timeshare when you work with a licensed timeshare resale broker.
Is it possible to have adjustable shelves drilled on the bottom face for this shelf pin? If so, could you please tell me how? Thank you.
Sometime ago, I believe someone had asked about small slots in the bottom that would correspond to the pins - in order to keep the shelves from sliding forwards AND to conceal the pins.
Thanks for your reply Forrest, but I need something a wee-bit less time consuming and a whole lot more dynamic than that I'm afraid. I'm not interested in creating 4 statically located holes on each a/s manually. They need to dynamically align with the holes in the gables (in/out).
I just did a search and can't find anything on that Brad. I don't know how to get the KD pattern to attach to adj shelves, but I'm thinking if I could, it might work.
Use a fixed shelf, set the left and right insets to 1/8" or however much clearance you need to clear the shelf pins. Set the joinery to KD/RTA for the shelf, and you will need to modify or create a new KD/RTA hole pattern that matches what you need.
See the attached picture. You would change the large hole in this pattern to 5mm. I would think that you could probably even have extra holes in the hole pattern to create a row of adjustable shelf holes.
I believe that you would have to build your cabinet with "fixed shelves" acting as adjustable shelves in order to get the kd holes to work... problem is that it won't give you the bank of shelf holes any more, just one... or it will give you a bank of holes that can only run up from the shelf instead of centering the shelf in the bank. Tried this a couple of years ago and that was where I ran into trouble. Haven't gone back to it since.
Add a phantom adjustable shelf with the required number of shelf holes up, and zero down. Or vice-versa. Then you are free to add as many "fixed" shelves as you wish, and each one will already have the holes in it. It really couldn't be simpler, unless a specific option in the shelf editor was added to accommodate these kinds of shelf pins.
That works fine if you are full-line boring your gables, but it's a bit more tricky and cumbersome to adjust sizes if you are going for a shorter bank of holes for each shelf.
and it still does not associate the hole in the shelf to the holes in the gables... could easily end up adjusting one and forgetting the other
I knew if I spouted something about using a KD pattern that the smarties like Jeremy would come out with the process.
With a "phantom shelf" adding the line boring, you would have to make sure the positioning was maintained (by also adjusting the "phantom" adjustable shelf) if the hybrid (fixed with KD) shelf depth changed. With the fixed shelf/KD solution, the related operations shift automatically since the pattern is all linked.
Since (if I am not mistaken) a fixed shelf defines a "opening", you will have to define the doors FIRST and then added these fixed/adjustable hybrid shelves afterwards.
** I think that we had suggested a while ago that perhaps an option could be made that if a fixed shelf had a front inset, that it would then NOT be considered as defining an opening. (Might be an idea for the 6.1 release??? )
I appreciate all the feedback & ideas guys. I'm sure this info will help others with similar problems.
The one thing I've realized with this app is that often lets us do what we need to do by using some kind of work-arournd, but it's often very time & labour intensive & the result is (in my opinion) far from ideal. In my experience the result is often a cabinet that has SOME parts that are no longer dynamic & then requires me to remember which items were customized & how. I don't like the idea of having a cabinet that has 'special rules' to be able to use it. I have a hard enough time remembering all the settings in this app, let alone worrying that I might someday modify or re-use one of these 'special' cabinets in another job & forget to adjust something that was static. I believe there's already too many areas of eCabs that require too much time & very careful attention detail to minimize the possibility of costly production errors without me adding another one.
So given the amount of work involved & opportunity for problems (that I see) with this issue, I think I'll simply build a shop jig & manually drill 5mm holes in the adjustable shelves for these pins.
Our premier all-nylon carpet collection, Tigressa® SoftStyle was created to stand out in the jungle of ordinary carpet. With its unique fiber design that allows for richer, more striking colors, and it’s tightly woven fibers that protect against matting and wear – Tigressa® SoftStyle maintains superior softness and strength year after year.
HD technology features precision-engineered high-tensile denier filament that are half the size of human hair for an ultra-soft texture.
On November 23rd only, spend $50 or more at Target.com or your local Target store and get a RARE coupon back good for 20% off a future purchase, valid November 27th – December 8th.
Note that the qualifying $50 purchase must be made in a single transaction and will be calculated after all other discounts are applied (limit one 20% off coupon per guest).
This deal is valid in-store and online, or you can scan the Wallet in the Target app during checkout to receive a 20% off mobile coupon. If you’ll be shopping online, your coupon will be emailed to you after your transaction has been completed.
Wash,boil and peel potatoes and cut them unto cubes.Heat oil in a frying pan and fry potatoes until golden brown in colour.Meanwhile grind all the ingredients required for coriander paste including salt & sugar into a smooth paste.Now add this mixture to the fried potatoes in the frying pan.Mix all the ingredients well.Adjust salt if necessary.Off the flame and transfer the contents into a serving bowl.Serve hot with rice.
Sending Green Potato curry and Pani puri to Green Gourmet Event hosted by Preethi of Relishing recipes.
Hi Chaitra, I am sorry but this post does not qualify for my event. Although it is using leftovers, it is not inspired by another blog (please read the event guidelines). Looks tasty, though!
Thanks chaitra for these two delectable dishes. Just one more thing, You need to repost old recipes. Just add to this post that you are sending your pani puri for the event as well.
Thanks for dropping by chaitra, you have anice place with delicious recipes.. Bangaladumpa kottimeera karam... mmm mouthwatering looks so tempting.... ohh yes Thank you so much for your lovely comments..
Do visit again and post your valuable comments and Feed back as you are Fuel generators for this Blog.
All rights reserved - Do not copy or reproduce images without permission - Aathidhyam by Sindhura. Powered by Blogger.
Altmann, E and Travers, MH, 'Probing tensions between housing and age friendly communities policies for future direction, Parity magazine, Council to Homeless Persons, Australia, 29, 9 (2016) [Magazine Article]
Unless otherwise stated, all layouts and writings have been created by me. Anything posted under the "Original" category has also been created by me, including characters and world building. Anything posted under all other categories is just me playing in another person's sandbox. Enjoy!
kids table and 4 chairs small kids table and chairs kid table and chair set 5 table and chair small toddler small kids table and chairs tablespoons in a cup of butter.
п»ї The device, service, repair of Honda Civic and Acura Integra - Check of a condition of components of the cooling system (each 12 000 km of run or time in 6 months)//since 1994 release /
Check of a state and replacement of brushes of screen wipers (each 12 000 km of run or time in 6 months)
Check of a state, adjustment of effort of a tension and replacement of driving belts, (each 12 000 km of run or time in 6 months)
Check of a state and replacement of the hoses located in a motive compartment (each 12 000 km of run or times in 6 months)
Check of a condition of components of the cooling system (each 12 000 km of run or time in 6 months)
Check of a condition of components of a power supply system (each 24 000 km of run or time in 12 months)
Survey of components of a suspension bracket and steering drive, check of a condition of protective covers of power shafts
Check of a condition of components of system of production of the fulfilled gases (each 9600 km of run or times in 6 months)
Check of a state and replacement of VV of candle wires, a cover and the runner of the distributor (each 48 000 km of run or time in 24 months)
Check and replacement of the valve of system of the operated ventilation of a case (PCV) (each 48 000 km of run or times in 24 months)
Service of the cooling system (depletion, washing and filling) (each 48 000 km of run or time in 24 months)
Replacement of liquid of automatic transmission (AT/CVT) (each 48 000 km of run or time in 24 months)
The wide range of engine failures is connected with violation of functioning of the cooling system. On the models equipped with AT, this system provides also cooling of ATF, supporting thereby optimum conditions for transmission work.
1. Check a condition of components of the cooling system has to be made after full cooling of the power unit (not less than in three hours after an engine stop).
2. Uncover a radiator for what at first turn it to the first emphasis to the left. If the hissing indicating excessive pressure in system is heard wait for its termination, then press a cover a palm down and continue to turn before liberation to the left. Carefully wash out a cover from within and outside clear water. Also wash out a jellied mouth of a radiator. From the cleared surfaces all traces of corrosion have to be completely removed. The cooling liquid which is in system has to be rather transparent. If liquid is painted in color of a rust, the system has to be washed out and filled with fresh mix (see Service of the cooling system (depletion, washing and filling) (each 48 000 km of run or times in 24 months)). If the level of liquid does not reach top, add in a radiator a little more mix of the demanded structure (see Check of levels of liquids (each 400 km of run or weekly)).
3. Attentively examine the top and lower radiator hoses together with the hoses of system of heating of salon having smaller diameter, and located between the power unit and a partition of a motive compartment. Check hoses on all their length and in case of identification of cracks, swellings and signs of aging of material make replacement of defective components. It is usually simpler to make out small cracks when tightening a hose (see an accompanying illustration). Regardless of a state it is necessary to change hoses approximately time in two years.
4. Check reliability of fastening of all hoses on the unions / branch pipes. Leak of cooling liquid is usually shown in the form of potek of rusty or white color on the surfaces surrounding its source. If hoses are fixed on unions/branch pipes by collars of the twisted type, it will be useful to replace the last more reliable worm or screw.
5. Having blown compressed air, or by means of a soft brush, remove from gaps between radiator heat exchanger plates old leaves, remains of insects and other garbage. Try not to damage soft plates of the heat exchanger and not to cut fingers about their keen edges.
6. Every second check, and also at the first signs of violation of functioning of the cooling system make check of a cover of a radiator pressure. If near at hand there is no suitable equipment, ask for the help on car repair shop.
Finally, we are going to have the chance to watch London Fields Movie and judge by ourselves if the waiting was worth it or not. I personally love when a movie goes to dark places because that encourages the human being to reconsider it’s behavior and it’s values that are so easy to disregard nowadays. And this is exactly what we find in this film, an adaptation of the book by Martin Amis from 1989.
The first screening of London Fields, took place during Toronto International Film Festival on 2015, when then Director Matthew Cullen, happened to watch unauthorized footage such as images from 11-S. This fact lead to a sue against the producers. By that time, Amber Heard -the star of the film-, was divorcing from Johnny Depp allegeding physical abuse and being sued by the producers when she refused to finish the footage. And the way she fight back against this situation was by sueing the producers for using a stunt for the nude scenes, making her look that she accepted to film more nudity scenes than the ones stated in her contract.
After all these matters surrounding the movie, it was expected that the film would never see the light. But fortunately, London Fields will finally have a theatrical release on August as a shorter, reedited cut from the original film. And I cannot wait to watch it! Actors such as Billy Bob Thornton, Theo James, the model Cara Delevingne. A Johnny Depp cameo appearance, and of course, Amber Heard’s role makes me very curious about London Fields. I will post a review on the movie as soon as I have the chance to see it! So stay tuned.
London Fields is a movie starring Amber Heard, Cara Delevingne, and Gemma Chan. Clairvoyant femme fatale Nicola Six has been living with a dark premonition of her impending death by murder. She begins a tangled love affair with three uniquely different men: one of whom she knows will be her murderer.
DMA is happy to announce that Paulmang Pau Gualnam is joining our team as the Community Outreach Coordinator. Paulmang will be tasked with helping district residents engage in DMA programming as well as linking them to available community resources.
Paulmang brings 16 years of experience of working with families and social services. In recent years, he has worked with immigrants and refugees at IRCO in a number of positions, including mobile housing specialist and employment counselor.
For the past year and a half Paulmang has volunteered at DMA, working with immigrants from Myanmar. Paulmang is fluent in five languages, including English and four spoken in Myanmar.
Interior, Ontwerp Kleine Stadstuin was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Ontwerp Kleine Stadstuin has viewed by 84859 visitor.
Interior, 3d Badkamer Ontwerpprogramma was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over 3d Badkamer Ontwerpprogramma has viewed by 81872 visitor.
Interior, Verlichting Woonkamer Voorbeelden was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Verlichting Woonkamer Voorbeelden has viewed by 36306 visitor.
Interior, Moderne Vrijstaande Woning was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Moderne Vrijstaande Woning has viewed by 39411 visitor.
Interior, Balkon Tafeltje Inklapbaar was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Balkon Tafeltje Inklapbaar has viewed by 45367 visitor.
Interior, Intratuin Cadeaubon was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Intratuin Cadeaubon has viewed by 56090 visitor.
Interior, Sfeerlampen Woonkamer was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Sfeerlampen Woonkamer has viewed by 40110 visitor.
Interior, Avondschool Tuinaanleg was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Avondschool Tuinaanleg has viewed by 90838 visitor.
Interior, Decoratie Bloemen was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Decoratie Bloemen has viewed by 22476 visitor.
Interior, Aanbieding Glasvliesbehang was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Aanbieding Glasvliesbehang has viewed by 72365 visitor.
Interior, Tuinaanleg Modern was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Tuinaanleg Modern has viewed by 10089 visitor.
Interior, Kerstdecoratie Action was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Kerstdecoratie Action has viewed by 748 visitor.
Interior, Decoratie Muur Babykamer was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Decoratie Muur Babykamer has viewed by 62640 visitor.
Interior, Donald Duck Opzeggen was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Donald Duck Opzeggen has viewed by 55013 visitor.
Interior, Huis Te Koop Eversel was posted June on this site by Diimars.com. More over Huis Te Koop Eversel has viewed by 7184 visitor.
Welcome to PetTalk! PetTalk members may login in the top right corner or new users may register in order to post.
Initiator/s Ralph Rollins Rationale Creativity is one of the most essential of all human talents.It is often said that creativity is the enabling force of our society. Providing us with the capacit ...
Radio funny man Adrian Cronauer is sent to Vietnam to bring a little comedy back into the lives of the soldiers. After setting up shop, Cronauer delights the G.I.s but shocks his superior officer, Sergeant Major Dickerson, with his irreverent ...
When jobless Tommy Collins discovers that sequestered jurors earn free room and board as well as $5-a-day, he gets himself assigned to a jury in a murder trial. Once there, he does everything he can to prolong the trial and ...
On the hottest day of the year on a street in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn, everyone's hate and bigotry smolders and builds until it explodes into violence.
Mario and Luigi, plumbers from Brooklyn, find themselves in an alternate universe where evolved dinosaurs live in hi-tech squalor. They're the only hope to save our universe from invasion by the dino dictator, Koopa.
A scientific experiment unknowingly brings extraterrestrial life forms to the Earth through a laser beam. First is the cigar smoking drake Howard from the duck's planet. A few kids try to keep him from the greedy scientists and help him ...
The neglected child of parents living on a commune, Victor is helpless to resist the atmosphere of sex and drugs that permeates his world, but he"s smart enough to know that if he is going to survive, he has to ...
Please take a moment to review these rules detailed below. If you agree with them and wish to proceed with the registration, simply click the "Register" button below. To cancel this registration, simply hit the 'back' button on your browser.
Please remember that we are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message.
The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of this bulletin board. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary.
You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use this bulletin board to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violative of any law.
You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by this bulletin board.
Our websites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a personalised experience when you browse this site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our cookie policy (link at the footer of each page).
The discussion of the Alien series of films and the props used in them is the aim, but if it's got Big Bugs and Big Guns, then they are welcome too!
Guys since I moved back to Georgia it means I can do the Warrior Dash again! I need your help to raise money for St Judes. I appreciate what ever donations you can make to my page. I could go on and on about St Jude but go to the link and see for yourselves. I have personally had family members helped by St Jude and it make a great difference. So this is personal for me.
tylerWRIGHTEOUS (@tylerWRIGHTEOUS) allows his fans to get more familiar with him via his latest self-produced audio contribution entitled “No Relation.” Stream the latest leak from…
Major Myjah (@MajorMyjah), son of the legendary Dancehall singer Bounty Killer, drops off his radio-ready new single “Trouble.” Stream it below! via The FADER
Paris Jones lends his vocals (@PRSJON @joeyymolinaa) to Raava for her new single “Save Face”. Take a listen to the smooth track below.
Larry June (@LarryJuneTFM), following the release of his 3 track EP Larry Bird, makes his public transition from OGG instrumentalist to recording artist with “I…
The Boy unleashes another. This time Roy Wood$ (@roywoods_ @Drake) connects with Drake for “Drama” as the OVO takeover continues on Beats 1 Radio. Listen…
Drake (@Drake @Skepta @wizkidayo) promised some exclusives in his OVOSound Radio show and after only 15 minutes he provides as he and Skepta jump on…
It looked as though we would never get this, but during his OVOSound Radio set, Drizzy Drake (@Drake) premiered his “Sweeterman” remix which you can…
A week after sharing his FWA project through TIDAL, Lil Wayne (@LilTunechi) shares a bonus track from the album which can be streamed below without…
Drake (@Drake) took a minute away from watching Wimbledon to phone in to Zane Lowe’s show on Beats Radio to discuss his Wireless performance last…
With UMB you can count on more from your commercial credit cards – more options, more flexibility, more control and more protection – and that translates into a whole lot more financial freedom for your business.
Enhance your current product offering with an integrated healthcare partnership with UMB Healthcare Services.
Scrub Leather 36 Genuine CAMEL NSXZ Boots Short Fashion Women's High We're a best-in-class bank, so you don't have to be.
UMB is a full-service financial company that provides comprehensive solutions to commercial organizations of all sizes. Our corporate finance offerings range from checking and depository, treasury management, commercial lending, merchant payment services and healthcare services. Our online banking platform, Long Bridesmaid Evening Dress Bridesmay Gown Prom V Chiffon Burgundy Dress Party Back awEWq6d can accommodate your business’s financial activity, from domestic and international wire transfers to monthly cash management, and much more.
Leon Calousdian, better known as Sacha, is the founder of Alwand Vahan Jewelry. His family ties to the jewelry business can be traced back four generations to the 1800's. Born in France, He lived in Paris until he was 19 years of age. He decided to come to New York in the early sixties after he had graduated from the prestigious Chambre Syndicale de la Bijouterie.
Generated in 0.024 seconds in which 0.006 seconds were spent on a total of 9 queries. Zlib compression enabled.
Many centuries ago, Meldrath was cast out of his race, and put into exile for his deviation and his love for necromancy.
That legend’s single goal is to take revenge over the people that put his life in misery. He found new allies and insurgents in Norrath’s lower races like the minotaur leading his abomination from his flying fortress. Meldrath is no longer a mere gnome that wants to take his place in the world; he wants to take revenge upon the entire gnome race.
Having defeated the lower level of Meldrath’s chain of command, Rommuluss and his officers are leading the pace into Meldrath’s mansion. There first objective was to dispatch Breakneck, Master of Arms. This was done swiftly. They took the loot from the lifeless Breakneck and hurried toward the next encounter.
Second commander on the hit list was Krond the Longhorn, yet another minotaur under Meldrath’s crooked influence. Krond proved himself to be more challenging, but Diligence prevailed and dispatched him. Rommuluss pushed forward to put a stop to the insane ‘Doctor’ Brinda Sprocket. Defeating wave after wave of robotic devils and putting instruction into the M.E.G, Brinda exploded in shower of color from a failure in her mechanic-suit.
Next on the list was one of the latest inventions of Meldrath. The Tactical Prototype 27: a complex system of steam tank, drone, and color. After many trials and errors to overcome, Diligence discovered the pattern to beat this encounter.
With only one other obstacle ahead of them before facing Meldrath himself, Diligence proves once again that not only dark creatures of Norrath can evolve, but everyone does.
Site design by Lady Daine Thornytree :: Webhosting by ICDSoft.com :: Powered by EQdkp 1.3.2 (mods by Daine) :: Forums by phpBB
I am submitting this post to Little Thumbs Up Event ( Butter ), organised by Zoe ( Baked for Happy Kids) and Mui Mui ( My Little Favourite DIY ), hosted by Jozelyn ( Spice Up My Kitchen).
Morning Eileen..I like this Mocha Sponge Cake, looks rich & spongy. I can't stand this humid weather too and when I am outside doing sales, I always try to cool myself in the malls.
You also Japanese style and I also same style, ngam, but I don't think you want to exchange your delicious cake with mine simple cabbage, hahaha..Have a nice week ahead..
Eileen, I tried using my husband's macro lens to shoot but still cannot achieve the effect like you, I must really attend your class if got chance to go Penang :(. This cake looks so seductive, although Spore also in super hot weather, I wanna have a big slice too, with a glass of beverage with lots of ice hahahah....
Russian Language Platform: PC Activation: Steam Regional restrictions: Russia, Ukraine and CIS CAUTION The key can not be activated in Origin. CAUTION For access to content additions, you must have installed a licensed version of the game Call of Duty: Black Ops 2.
Four unique maps for multiplayer games: - Map of Magma will take players into a modern Japanese provincial town, whose streets have become a blazing inferno in the volcanic activity. - Encore will apply the melee skills at the site allocated for holding a music festival in London. - On the map Vertigo you will survive transitions futuristic lab in India. - Card Studio is a cleverly reworked Firing Range from the original Call of Duty: Black Ops, loved by millions of fans. Fierce skirmishes unfold among the scenery to films, from westerns to sci-fi films. Exclusive zombie battle «Mob of the Dead», the effect of which will unfold in a protected prison Alcatraz. In shootouts with reanimated corpses will attend the Hollywood actor Ray Liotta, Chazz Palminteri, Joe Pantoliano and Michael Madsen, who played iconic villains and criminals. This product is distributed through the digital distribution, represents the only pin and does not contain any packages and boxes.
Search here for Nest clipart black and white collection out of 50 ready to use vector and photo images. You can use them for free.
Already 769 visitors found here solutions for their art work. 2 users visited nest clipart black and white this week.
Oil equipment silhouette	 Officecom clip art men exercises hydration	 Oil tanker	 Oil black and white
The loudest hissing snake is the Russell’s viper (Daboia russelii). Either, this Asian snake is very venomous, because it may to kill adult human.
The Russell’s viper lives in India, Pakistan, China and on the islands of Komodo, Java and Sri Lanka. It has 120 – 166 cm in length. This snake is very dangerous, it kills annually about 900 people.
Practical Boat Mechanics: Commonsense Ways to Prevent, Diagnose, and Repair Engines and Mechanical Problems
Managing student information and documentation can be a stressful situation for your school’s staff and resources. Regardless of the educational level or type of learning environment, there are many common challenges facing the education industry.
At TSG we’re proud of the relationships we’ve formed with many of the educators in Livermore and the San Francisco Bay Area.
Contact TSG today and ask about our exclusive current state assessment service for educational institutions!
Copyright © 2016 - The Swenson Group All Rights Reserved | © 2017 IN2communications Inc. All rights reserved
Like most leagues, we started out by tracking everything with spreadsheets. When managing stats became more difficult, we went to homepokertour.com so all of those tournament records are in csv format. After a couple of seasons with that, we upgraded to Tournament Director. Now we've developed our own website using Joomla. We use the LethalMedia component for the connection between TD and our website and it works beautifully.
Here is the challenge. In order to have true stats for all members, we would like to import old .csv tourney records to the website without having to run a mock tournament in TD for each (40 tournaments) and export to LethalMedia just to get the xml file formatted properly. I know this is a long shot but, is anyone else doing this?
One of Micaiah's new favorite thing to do is to make the cars go, "Vroom! Vroom!" We get up from his nap and he points to all his trucks to make them go "Vroom!" He makes the sound effect and everything. I love this road map rug I found brand new at a yard sale and he does, too! And these cloth cars are the sweetest thing that one of my Heritage families gave to Cai. We love them!
Unit: Any 49th 62nd 66th 99th ATS Berk Berk DERR Glou Hant None Othr RAF RGBW Rifl Sikh Unkn Wesx Wilt > Any 101st Grenadiers 10th London Regt [Hackney] [Territorial Army] 11th Imperial Yeomanry 11th of Foot 13th Corps 147 Inf Bde 147 Infantry Brigade 14th Army 15th Hussars 15th Infantry Training Centre 15th Sikhs 16th Queen's Own Lancers 17th Infantry Training Centre 19th Divisional Band 19th Indian Division 19th Regiment 1st Guards Division 1st Salisbury Rifle Volunteer Corps 23rd Regiment of Foot 26 Engineering Group 2nd Army 2nd Bn, 66th Regiment 2nd Division 2nd Infantry Division 30 Corps 33 Indian Corps 38 Brigade Depot 43rd Wessex Division 45th Regiment 47th Regiment 49th (Australian) Bn 49th Regiment 49th Regiment and Berkshire Regiment, 1st Bn 49th Regiment and Royal Berkshire Regiment, 1st Bn 4th Regiment of Foot, 2nd Bn 4th [Cadet] Bn, Wiltshire Regiment 4th/4th Gurkhas 5th Infantry Division 60th Regiment 61st Regiment 62nd Regiment 62nd Regiment and Wiltshire Regiment, 1st Bn 62nd Regiment, 1st Bn Wilts 62nd Regiment, 2nd Bn 66th Regiment 66th Regiment and Berkshire Regiment 66th Regiment and Berkshire Regiment, 2nd Bn 66th Regiment and Royal Berkshire Regiment, 2nd Bn 66th Regiment, 1st Bn 66th Regiment, 2nd Bn 6th Husaren Regiment, Netherlands 70th Bengal Native Infantry 7th Regiment 99th 6.5.2014Regiment, 2nd Bn Wilts 99th Regiment 99th Regiment and Wiltshire Regiment, 2nd Bn 99th Regiment, 2nd Bn Wilts 9th Armoured Division Aldershot Command Argyle and Sutherland Highlanders, 2nd Bn Army Medical Services, RAMC Artist Rifles ATS Auxiliary Territorial Service Berkshire Army Cadets Berkshire Cadets, Hackney Downs School Berkshire Local Militia, Misc Berkshire Militia, 3rd [Militia] Bn Berkshire Militia, Militia Berkshire Militia, Misc Berkshire Regiment Berkshire Regiment, 1st Bn Berkshire Regiment, 1st Volunteer Bn Berkshire Regiment, 2nd Bn Berkshire Volunteers, 1st Bn Berkshire Volunteers, 1st Volunteer Bn Berkshire Volunteers, 1st [Berkshire] Volunteer Corps Berkshire Volunteers, Band and Drums Berkshire Volunteers, Misc Berkshire Volunteers, Rifle Volunteers Berkshire Volunteers, Rifle Volunteers, 1st (Admin) Bn Berkshire Yeomanry Berkshire,Home Guard Bombay Grenadiers Border Regiment Canada - Algonquin Regiment Canada - The Lincoln and Welland Regiment Canadian Army Canadian Infantry, 10th Bn Chinese Regiment, 1st Bn CTP Brigade, Madras Artillery Dempsey Collection Devizes Loyal Volunteers Devizes Volunteer Infantry Dorset Regiment Dorset Regiment, 2nd Bn Dorsetshire Regiment, 1st Volunteer Bn Dragoon Guards, 2nd Regiment Duke of Edinburg's Own Volunteer Reserve Duke of Edinburgh's Own Rifles Duke of Edinburgh's Royal Regiment Duke of Edinburgh's Royal Regiment, 1st Bn Duke of Edinburgh's Royal Regiment, RHQ [Devizes] Duke of Edinburgh's Royal Regiment, RHQ [Salisbury] Duke of Edinburgh's Royal Regiment,1st Bn Eastern Command Essex Regiment,1stBn Foot Guards Garde-Chevanlager Regiment, Westphalia General Service General Service Corps General Staff Gloucestershire and Wiltshire Regiments Gloucestershire Regiment Gloucestershire Regiment, 3rd [Volunteer] Bn Gold Coast Regiment Gordon Highlanders Gurkha Rifles, 1st Bn Hampshire Regiment, 1st Bn Hampshire Regiment, 2nd Bn Hampshire Regiment, 3rd/4th Bn Hampshire Regiment, 4th Bn Hampshire Regiment, 52nd Hampshire Yeomanry Hawkes Bay Regiment, New Zealand HMS Dryad HMS Sultan HMS Vernon Home Guard Imperial Light Infantry Imperial Yeomanry, 11th Bn Imperial Yeomanry, 18th Bn Junior Soldiers Battalion Kenya Regiment Kimaon and ROH Light Dragoons, 12th Regiment Light Dragoons, 16th Regiment) Liverpool Regiment Local Defence Volunteers London Regiment, 2nd/16th Bn London Regiment, 7th Bn London Regiment, 7th/8th Bn London Rifle Brigade Loyal Hackney Volunteers Machine Gun Corps Madras European Regiment, 3rd Bn Manchester Regiment,2nd Bn Middlesex Regiment, 23rd Bn Mounted Infantry, 15th Bn Mounted Infantry, 2nd Bn Multi-National Force, Shanghai New Zealand - Hawkes Bay Regiment New Zealand - Wellington and Hawkes Bay Regiment, 7th Bn New Zealand Infantry Regiment, 7th Bn No 15 Infantry Training Centre None or not known Not Known Otago Regiment, 1st Bn Otago Regiment, 4th Bn Otago Rifles, 10th Bn Prince of Wales Division Prince of Wales Division, Depot Provisional Transvaal Constabulary RAMC REME Rifle Brigade Rifle Brigade, 23rd Bn Riflemen in the Wardrobe Museum Royal Air Force Royal Army Chaplain's Department Royal Army Medical Corps Royal Army Pay Corps Royal Army Service Corps Royal Artillery Royal Berkshire Militia Royal Berkshire Regiment Royal Berkshire Regiment, Royal Berkshire Regiment, 10th (Labour) Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 10th Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 10th Labour Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 10th London Regt [Hackney] [Territorial Army] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 11th Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 11th [Service] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 13th Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 1st Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 1st Volunteer Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 1st/4th Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 1st/4th Bn [Territorial Forces] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 2nd Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 2nd Cadet Battalion Royal Berkshire Regiment, 2nd/4th Bn [Territorial Forces] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 30th Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 3rd Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 3rd [Special Reserve] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 3rd/4th Bn [Territorial Forces] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 4th (Cadet) Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 4th Bn [Territorial Army] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 4th Bn [Territorial Forces] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 4th/6th Bn [Territorial Army] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 5th [Hackney] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 5th [Hackney] Bn R Berks [Territorial Army] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 5th [Hackney] Bn [Territorial Army] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 5th [Service] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 648 HAA [Royal Berkshire Hackney] [Territorial Army] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 6th Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 6th Bn [Territorial Army] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 6th [Service] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 70th [Young Soldiers] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 7th [Service] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 7th [Stoke Newington] Bn [Territorial Army] Royal Berkshire Regiment, 8th Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 8th [Home Defence] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 8th [Service] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 9th Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, 9th [Service] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, attached Dorsetshire Regiment Royal Berkshire Regiment, attached King's African Rifles Royal Berkshire Regiment, Band and Drums Royal Berkshire Regiment, Depot Royal Berkshire Regiment, Depot, 17th [Holding] Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment, Labour Corps Royal Berkshire Regiment, Misc Royal Berkshire Regiment, Reserve Royal Berkshire Regiment,1st Bn Royal Berkshire Regiment. 1st/4th Bn Royal Berkshire Volunteers Royal Berkshire Volunteers, 1st Bn Royal Corps of Transport Royal Defence Corps Royal Engineers Royal Fusiliers Royal Garrison Regiment, 3rd Bn Royal Gloucestershire Berkshire and Wiltshire Regiment, 1st Bn Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Light Infantry Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Light Infantry, 1st Bn Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Regiment Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Regiment, Miscellaneous Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Regiment, 1st Bn Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Regiment, 2nd [Volunteer] Bn Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Regiment, Miscellaneous Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Regiment, RHQ [Salisbury] Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Regiment. Royal Hampshire Regiment Royal Hampshire Regiment, 4th/5th Bn Royal Home Counties Reserve, 2nd Bn. Royal Horse Artillery, E/B Battery Royal Lancers, 12th (Prince of Wales) Royal Ludhiana Sikhs, 15th Royal Marines Royal Military Academy Royal Military Police Royal Navy Royal New Zealand Infantry Regiment, 7th Bn Royal North Lancashire Regiment Royal Regiment of Hussars, Tenth (The Prince of Wales's Own) Royal Rifle Volunteers Royal Signals Royal Tank Regiment Royal Ulster Constabulary Royal Warwickshire Regiment Royal Warwickshire Regiment, 15th Battalion Royal Warwickshire Regiment, 17th Bn Royal Warwickshire Regiment, 51st Bn Royal West African Frontier Force Royal Wiltshire Militia Royal Wiltshire Militia, 3rd Bn Royal Wiltshire Territorials Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry Salisbury Plain District Salisbury Volunteer Infantry Salisbury Volunteers Sikh Pioneers, 34th Regiment South Africa - Cape Garrison Artillery South Africa - Duke of Edinburgh's Own Rifles The McCracken Collection The Rifles The Rifles (Berkshire and Wiltshire) Museum The Rifles Museum Salisbury The Rifles, 1st Bn The Rifles, 2nd Bn The Rifles, 3rd Bn The Rifles, 4th Bn The Rifles, 5th Bn The Rifles, 6th Bn The Rifles, 7th Bn The Wardrobe (House and Garden) Unit Unknown or None Unkn Voluntary Aid Detachment Volunteer Medical Staff Corps Wessex Brigade, Training Centre and Depot Wessex Division, 43rd Wessex Regiment Wessex Regiment, 1st Bn [Rifle Volunteers] Wessex Regiment, 2nd Bn [Volunteers] Wessex Regiment, 2nd Bn [Volunteers] [Home Service Force] Wessex Regiment, Miscellaneous West Kent Light Infantry Militia West Kent Regiment West Wiltshre Volunteer Corps Wilton Rifle Brigade Wiltshire (Warminster) Yeomanry Wiltshire Cadets, Army Cadet Force Wiltshire Cadets, Marlborough College Cadet Corps Wiltshire Home Guard Wiltshire Home Guard, 2nd Home Guard Wiltshire Home Guard, 3rd Bn Wiltshire Home Guard, 4th Bn Wiltshire Home Guard, 8th Bn Wiltshire Imperial Yeomanry, 1st Bn Wiltshire Militia Wiltshire Militia Band and Drums Wiltshire Militia, Militia Wiltshire Militia, Royal Wiltshire Militia Wiltshire Regiment Wiltshire Regiment [Volunteer Service Company] Wiltshire Regiment, Wiltshire Regiment, 1st Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 1st/4th Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 1st/4th Bn or 2nd/4th Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 1st/4th Bn [Territorial Forces] Wiltshire Regiment, 2nd Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 2nd Volunteer Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 2nd/4th Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 30th Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 3rd [Militia] Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 3rd [Special Reserve] Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 3rd/4th Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 3rd/4th Bn [Territorial Forces] Wiltshire Regiment, 4th (Reserve) Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 4th and 5th Bns [Territorial Army] Wiltshire Regiment, 4th Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 4th Bn [Territorial Army] Wiltshire Regiment, 4th Bn [Territorial Forces] Wiltshire Regiment, 4th Reserve Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 5th Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 5th Bn [Territorial Army] Wiltshire Regiment, 5th [Service] Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 6th Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 6th [Service] Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 7th Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 7th Bn [Territorial Army] Wiltshire Regiment, 7th [Service] Bn Wiltshire Regiment, 8th Bn Wiltshire Regiment, Band and Drums Wiltshire Regiment, Depot Wiltshire Regiment, Territorial and Reserve Wiltshire Regiment, Volunteer Company Wiltshire Regiment,1st Bn Wiltshire Rifle Volunteers Wiltshire Territorials Wiltshire Volunteers Wiltshire Volunteers, 1st Wiltshire Rifle Volunteers Wiltshire Volunteers, 1st Wiltshire Volunteer Rifle Corps Wiltshire Volunteers, 2nd Bn Wiltshire Rifle Volunteers Wiltshire Volunteers, 2nd Wiltshire Rifle Volunteers Wiltshire Volunteers, 2nd Wiltshire Volunteer Rifle Corps Wiltshire Volunteers, Band and Drums Wiltshire Volunteers, West Wiltshire Volunteers Wiltshire Volunteers, Wiltshire Volunteer Bn Wiltshire Yeomanry Wiltshire, Home Guard Wiltshire, Home Guard, 1st Bn Wiltshire, Home Guard, 3rd Bn Wiltshire, Home Guard, 4th Bn Wiltshire, Home Guard, 6th Bn Wiltshire, Home Guard, 7th Bn Wiltshire, Home Guard, 8th Bn Wiltshire, Home Guard, 9th Bn ] ?D? (Rifles) Company RRF
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photo, taken from Sergeant Mundy's Journal, of the 'A' Company Hockey Team which won the Battalion Hockey League in the winter of 1915-1916 at Delhi in India
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photo, taken from Sergeant Mundy's Journal, of Captain Merewether of 'A' Company, probably at the hill station of Chaubattia in the summer of 1916
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photo, taken from Sergeant Mundy's Journal (Volume 2), of Captain Merewether, Captain Merewether, who was Sergeant Mundy's Company Commander and who was later killed in Decemer 1917, studying a map outside Gaza in October 1917 Photographer, Lieutenant Viscount Folkestone
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photo, taken from Sergeant Mundy's Journal, of No 3 Platoon of 'A' Company, probably at the hill station Camp at Chaubattia where the Battalion spent the summer of 1916
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photo, taken from Sergeant Mundy's Journal, of the officers at Chaubattia hill station, where the Battalion spent the summer of 1916
Person(s): Mundy, F; Homan,, Lieutenant; Morris,, Lieutenant; Arkhell, A G, Lieutenant; Lockhart,, Lieutenant; Elliott, H, Lieutenant; Pye-Smith,, Lieutenant; Thurger,, Lieutenant; Davies,, Lieutenant; Arkhell, T H, Lieutenant; Hall,, Lieutenant; Phelps,, Captain; Herbert, and Adjutant G, Hon; Armstrong, A A, Colonel; Radnor, the Earl of, General; Willis, H H, Major; Vicary,, Captain; Moulton, J, Lieutenant; Merewether, C K, Lieutenant; Angus,, Lieutenant; Waylen,, Captain; Folkestone,, Viscount; Redman,, Lieutenant; Joiner,, Lieutenant;
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photograph of Lieutenants Folkstone, Merewether and Hewett at Kantara, Egypt. The Battalion arrived at this location from India on the 26th September 1917.
Person(s): Tucker,G E, Lieutenant; Folkstone, , Lieutenant; Merewether, , Lieutenant; Hewett, , Lieutenant;
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photograph of the original grave marker for Captain Christopher Ken Merewether.He was killed in action on the 20th December 1917 and he was the son of the Reverend Canon Wyndham Arthur Seinde Merewether and Harriot Edith Merewether, of Langton House, Salisbury. He was a native of North Bradley in Wiltshire. He is buried in Port Said War Cemetery.
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photograph of Captain Christopher Ken Merewether at Delhi, India in 1917.
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photograph of a group of officers relaxing at Poona Racecourse in India in 1916. From left to right their names or initials are Lieutenant G E Tucker, Captain C K Merewether, Lieutenant Viscount Folkstone, Hon G. Herbert, GHW, CFH and GR Legs.
Person(s): Tucker,G E, Lieutenant; Tucker, G E, Lieutenant; Merewether, C K, Captain; Folkstone, ,Lieutenant; Herbert, G, Lieutenant;
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photograph of a group of officers relaxing at Poona Racecourse in India in 1916. From left to right, their names or initials are Captain Merewether, Hon G Herbert, GHW, CFH, GA, Brown and Clarke.
Person(s): Tucker,G E, Lieutenant; Merewether, C K , Captain; Brown, , Lieutenant; Clarke, , Lieutenant;
Wiltshire Regiment - A black and white photograph of a war memorial which includes the names of soldiers from the Battalion including Captain W R A Dawes(1st Bn), Captain C K Merewether (1st/4th Bn), Lieutenant J H Clarke (3rd Bn), Sergeant A E Card (1st/4th Bn), Sergeant E Higgs (7th Bn), L/Corporal W B Powney (1st Bn, Royal Berks Regt), L/Corporal L J M Webb (5th Bn), Private H Osmond (2nd Bn) [ The location of the memorial is not known but believed to be in a church possibly in the Salisbury area and local to Mrs Dawes]
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photograph of Captain C K Merewether on field firing at Bahdarpur in India in February 1917. He was killed in action in Gaza in November 1917. Ths was potographed by Lieutenant G E Tucker]
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photograph of Captain H W A Elliot, Captain C K Merewether with the Colonel in a car off to play polo in India in February 1917. This was photographed by Lieutenant G E Tucker
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia photograph of the original grave marker (in the centre) for Captain Christopher Ken Merewether. He was killed in action on the 20th December 1917 and he was the son of the Reverend Canon Wyndham Arthur Seinde Merewether and Harriot Edith Merewether, of Langton House, Salisbury. He was a native of North Bradley in Wiltshire. He is buried in Port Said War Cemetery.
66th Regiment - A sepia digital photograph of Captain Harry A F Merewether. He joined the Regiment in 1862 serving until 1871.
1st/4th Bn, Wiltshire Regiment - A sepia portrait photo of Captain C K Merewether, in khaki drill uniform, who was killed on 20 December 1917 in Palestine. A wooden cross in the Cloisters of Salisbury Cathedral was taken from his grave in Cairo
12th & 13th November 1914. Billetted with 8th Division near MERVILLE. (5 men to hospital, 1 man to 8th Divl Signal Company, 2 men from 1st Battalion).
Daredevil’s Last Season? Plus This Week’s Comics! – Off the Rack - Tiffany and Sal recap/review this past week’s biggest titles, plus offer their picks for this week’s latest comics to pick
Karen Leslie is a Writer, Editor, Marketing Specialist, and Writing Instructor at The WordShop. She received her B.H. in Multi-media Journalism, Marketing and PR from Penn State, and in 2014, an MFA in Writing (Fiction), from Spalding University. As a creative writer, she is working on her novel River Town, writing travel pieces, and teaching writing at Western Kentucky University. Karen grew up in rural Pennsylvania, and lives in Nashville, Tennessee, with her husband, songwriter Clay Mills.
Karen Leslie is a Writer, Editor, Marketing Specialist, and Writing Instructor at The WordShop. She received her B.H. in Multi-media Journalism, Marketing and PR from Penn State, and in 2014, an MFA in Writing (Fiction), from Spalding University.
This episode covers the incredible division the media is creating between and even within the parties.
The regularly scheduled series on raw food is interrupted for the latest happenings with the US presidential nominations conventions.
This was a little longer podcast dealing with the current US presidential conventions where both the democratic and republican parties officially nominated their candidates that will square off in November of this year for the title of president of the United States
The republicans held their convention first from Monday July 18th to Thursday July 21 in Cleveland, Ohio
The democrats held their convention the very next week beginning on Monday the 25th through Thursday the 18th of July
Randy listened to Donald Trump via CNN and was surprised at how their panel went from a vicious attack on Trump following his speech to suddenly toning it down in a matter of minutes
Randy suspected immediately that someone in a higher position in CNN instructed the panel to settle down
It turned out that while they were on the attack, they realized from their in-house focus group and their 20 million viewers that the panel was not at all reflecting the opinions of their viewers who gave Trump a 75% approval for his speech
Wiki Leaks followed the republican convention by releasing many emails hacked from the DNC’s (Democratic National Committee) server
The democrats panicked over this release and quickly moved to spin the narrative over to a Russian/Trump collaboration that accused the Russians of hacking the DNC’s server in order to favour a Trump victory in November
The democratic convention got off to a shaky start with the disclosure of a rigged primary for Hillary
The delegates for Bernie were furious already regarding the super delegates and the proof from the emails confirming a rigged system compounded the issue
The media did not give a lot of attention to the dissension both inside and outside the convention hall
Hillary had more star power speaking at her convention, but Trump out-drew her in ratings by almost three million viewers in a head to head Thursday night comparison of their two speeches
All through the weekend news cycle there was no talk over the content of the DNC’s hacked emails as all attention was deflected from that subject over to a Trump/Russian connection
Randy and Tamas spoke of the movie Clinton Cash which exposed the cash for favour operation conducted by Bill and Hillary Clinton and their 501-C3 Clinton Foundation
Randy feels that the video and book by Peter Schweizer are very accurate since Schweizer has not been sued for slander or defamation
Randy still feels that this is the most crucial election in US history that will effect Canada and the rest of the world
He states that if you like America and Canada similar to how they were through the mid to latter 20th century than whether you like Trump or not you must vote for him
If you believe in Hillary’s progressive plan, which is shared by many republicans, that call for more open borders and much bigger government than vote for Hillary
Randy states that a vote for Hillary will guarantee that Canada, US and Mexico will be moved into a region facilitating a movement further towards world government
All of this should make for a crazy next three months and some potentially wild debates beginning in September
Trump is already protesting the current scheduling of the debates which he points out two of them have been purposefully scheduled during primetime NFL games
Hillary received similar protection from viewers during her debates with Sanders via very awkward scheduling
This is all entertainment for mass consumption in my opinion same as every other election cycle. Give people hope and something to help further divide them while those really in control move their agenda forward.
So let me get this straight. Trump is going to join the Global Gambino family and make them fly the straight and narrow. Is he doing this alone or is he bringing some guys with him…………..lol………………..I wish I could be optimistic but its too far gone. Good guys don’t get into politics and the ones that do learn quickly that it’s a very dirty business and if they stay good they don’t last too long. The few that do are marginalized.
I believe they could take Trump down anytime they want yet they are not doing that at least not in a big way. They are just giving everyone a good show………….why? Guess we will have to wait and see what happens. If he is elected there will be a reason behind it and that is what we should probably worry about. I could see several scenarios play out and none of them will be good.
BTW a big clue for me is the issue of building a wall. It’s such nonsense and just telling people what they want to hear. There is no need to build a wall. Simply enforce the existing labor laws and implement the fines for those that are working illegally. If the fines are high enough and the jail terms for the employers are long enough then there is no need to spend tax payer dollars on a wall. It makes zero sense so why even promote such an idea. It’s pandering to emotion and that tells me Trump is probably not the real deal.
BTW since Randy touched on the second amendment in previous podcasts. Turkey is a good example of what can happen. It can happen that fast for whatever reason the dissenters are rounded up even if it’s a made up reason. BTW for those that have been paying attention everything has been put into place over the last few years to make the rounding up here easier. That is why the second amendment is there not that it even matters as much with the advancement in technology that makes it all almost useless. How do explain to those that don’t get it that there are evil people in the world. They don’t think like me and you. They are usually psychopaths because history clearly shows psychopaths lust for positions of power over people and resources.
I’m from Chicago and people tend to forget when Obama was running for Senate in the primary he was losing but fortunately for him his opponent had his sealed divorce records leaked to the press which gave Obama the slot. Then he was way down in the polls against the Republican opponent who also conveniently had his sealed child custody records released to the press forcing him to drop out. Then they moved in Alan Keyes an outsider who was sure to lose. All of a sudden this guy who comes out of nowhere is president. People need to be open to the possibility that this is all orchestrated and whoever is there is there for a reason. Yes you thought you voted for him and put him into office………….maybe it wasn’t really like that.
The Raw Food Series is no longer available through this avenue. The series was run for several months for free but has now been removed and packaged for sale for a very moderate cost. Click this link http://www.theworldofmuscle.com/raw/ for more information.	...
I recently watched William Lane Craig's debates with Christopher Hitchens and Sam Harris and in both debates, it was easy to walk away with the feeling that Craig won. Hitchens just kept saying "I haven't heard any convincing evidence..." Without refuting Craig's arguments. Sam Harris did something similar - instead of addressing Craig's arguments, he ignored them for the entire debate. Also, Lawrence Krauss, when debating Craig about A Universe from Nothing, missed an opportunity to counter Craig's (correct) assertion that the primordial soup of the universe is not nothing.
Now, I've heard refutations for Craig's arguments but neither Hitchens, Harris, nor Krauss used them and so it could seem as though they lost their debates with him. Craig even invited Hitchens to become a Christian while onstage, and was justified in asking - given their performances in the debate. Any ideas why they froze up in their debates against him?
I also noticed that Craig got first word in those debates, in which he was able to define the terms used in the debate, giving him an edge.
Arguing with theists is like playing chess with a pigeon. No matter how good I am at chess, the pigeon is just going to knock over the pieces, crap on the board, and strut around like it's victorious.
He didn't win dick. He is loud (because loud makes right), arrogant and has nothing to back it up with. I watched that idiot's debates while cringing and lowering the volume every time he took a turn so my ears wouldn't bleed from his anal tone of voice. How can any atheist claim "craig won" after he already admit he believes in devils, angels and the "forces of evil" ? The forces of evil ? What is this star wars? Grow the fuck up. Not only does he not win anything, his debates should warrant him a seat on the short bus.
Also craig has no place debating scientists, seeing as he has no real degree in anything. It's like scientists trying to debate a baby. How the hell do you explain the universe to a drooling toddler?
Wow lots to take in and I think I hit a nerve with a lot of people. I'll reply to everyone here but I guess my general response is: why didn't they say these things in debate with Craig?
Again, that's a general response. If they had cited Craig on these objections, I think I would have come away with a different perspective. It seems to be a plausible thing for someone to have said "Are we here to debate real things or are you (Craig) just going to rattle off arguments which I haven't the time to address but have already been countered?...oh wait you're NOT arguing real things, you're here to debate the existence of an invisible sky god!" They've called out people before in debates. I'm just wondering why they don't do the same with Craig.
Perhaps because when someone reels off a ton of seeming evidence for their position (the Gish Gallop), complaining about the tactic seems like a weak response. "Yeah but you haven't addressed any of my evidence. Why not?"
Unfortunately debates in this sort of format are not won by who is actually right but rather by who can manage to make the other look unprepared to answer their arguments.
Lukeprog has done some writing about the topic - though it makes WLC out to be some unstoppable juggernaut. As was noted already, folks like Sam Harris et. al. are not debaters. That's not their calling, nor is it for quite a few of us. There's arguing, then there's debating to make yourself a living. You can know cosmology, philosophy, biology, etc. up, down, left & right, but if you can't spot how and when the opponent isn't right and communicate that in a crisp, clear way, it doesn't matter.
Is it hopeless to challenge WLC? Nah. The flaws in his arguments are quite numerous, and can be found quite easily around the 'net. Presenting those objections in a convincing way is another animal altogether...which I touched on briefly in my earlier comment. That's the part that is so badly neglected, and not just vs. WLC.
I did this in a Philosophy of Religion class once. Our attendent theists were attempting to monopolize the class, and I mentioned during class, 'when I signed up for this class it was titled, Philosophy of Religion, not Christian Evangelical training 101'.
WLC has debating down - he is not a scientist. Skilled philosophers/debaters can make the brightest non-theist scientists look silly - but it's not because he speaks the truth or has valid arguments, it's because he looks and sounds better.
Scientists need not debate this Christian "philosopher," imo. He is a mere distraction in the progress of human knowledge.
He unleashes a torrent (and it can lean a little philosophical). Now if you look at a transcript of these torrents and reduce what you take from it to a number of questions, you can start to take him apart. But in his presentations' initial unleashing, you're presented with sheer mass, a colossal tower of wrong to make right, and you don't even know where to start. He's the very worst kind of modern Christian, but a fantastic for an atheists that likes to really get in there and dismantle mountains.
Or because he has the kind of face that you just want to smash until it leaks pink oozy fluids. Because there's that.
WLC is very good at debating. We have discussed this before and in order to counter his arguments you do need to be very prepared. He has been called a “Master Debater” here before and I cannot disagree with that sentiment. However his arguments are not as significant or as important as he would like to think. The Kalam Cosmological Argument which he refined and made his own is a worthwhile exercise in philosophical debate if you are so inclined. However it is basically a remodelling of the “First Cause” argument. The fact that the KCA is from Islamic tradition never leads him to deduce that Allah is this First Cause rather than his Christian god is never explained.
He is good at debating the KCA as he has dedicated the last 40 years to it. If something exists it must have been caused to exist. The Universe exists so it began to exist therefore his god did it. This is a supernatural explanation to a naturalistic question. One of his aides is a TA member and we have had a few good debates with him. However like all Theists they still assume that their Arguments for god are actually Evidence for his existence.
He also reworks the Ontological Argument. God is the greatest thing we can conceive of. Therefore gods’ non-existence is not possible. Therefore the Atheist must reject something he knows must exist. So anyone denying the existence of god is contradicting themselves. This however as Schopenhauer says is only a “subtle play with concepts” and not an a priori proof of anything. Non-existence does not have any attributes and so is only a “fiction of the mind” to quote Kant.
His arguments need a fair degree of conceptual analysis and they tend to become metaphysical debates. This is his area. He is good at it and it may be difficult for the opposite side to stay with him because their grounding is in logic and reasoned analysis of the subject. It is easy to stray into such a place in a philosophical debate. He is highly qualified in this area. The study of philosophy is the introduction to philosophy, to quote Hegel. Many coming from a scientific background will not be able to switch to the WLC way of thinking which they need do in order to debate him. What they should do is to say “Ok the Universe did have a First Cause. We think it is the Big Bang because we have evidence to suggest that this is scientifically true.” ”Please refute our argument without playing your faith card.” Leave infinite regression arguments out on both side and see who makes more sense. I think he would leave the stage and the scientist would end up talking to his vacant chair. I can conceive of that scenario in my mind as being “Perfect”.
Where does that leave people like me? I can't conceive of a god, which therefore ascertains that he/she/it cannot be the greatest thing of which I can conceive.The greatest thing of which I can conceive, is the unconditional love of a child, and ain't no talkin'-snake makin' god gonna top that!
you cannot conceive God, because you do not want do, or because its intellectually more compelling to you, to believe, we are the result of pure chance, or physical necessity ?
Started by rationalrevolution in The Bible, The Koran, and other scripture. Last reply by Mike Lansing on Friday. 1 Reply 0 Likes
This image is subject to copyright. Getty Images reserves the right to pursue unauthorized users of this image or clip, and to seek damages for copyright violations. To learn more about copyright and Getty Images’ enforcement program, click here. Availability for this image cannot be guaranteed until time of purchase.
This is a very simple Pascal program I wrote in mid 1990s, which solves a sparse NxN linear system using the Succesive Overrelaxation Method (SOR), which in turn is based on Gauss Seidel Method.
You need the W factor for the SOR to complete successful. The theory assures us that it must be W=1.062.
The Best School Photograph Ever- The Precious Moments Of A Special Lady, Receiving Her Honorary High School Diploma At Age 97!…
Dimplify is your best source of fun. Share anything you find interesting and discover what makes your day.
Above program would display the current position of Y-coordinate. It shows a message like “current position of Y coordinate is —“.
We accept returns on all full-price orders within 14 days of delivery date. The merchandise must be returned in the exact condition in which it was shipped in order to receive a refund. This includes the original packaging and the box it came in. Shipping charges for returns/exchanges are not credited unless there is a defect in the merchandise. International orders are final sale only and may not be returned or exchanged. De La Fé is not responsible for international shipments lost in transit.
assistance for deaf people there is also a directory. buying citalopram online assistance for deaf people. buy neurontin on line you would dial can i buy levothyroxine online question a call Out of all the operators you would dial buy baclofen no prescription this dual line conference. a href="https://www.nemaweb.org/pay/24/buygabapentinonline/">order gabapentin you would dial.
We evaluate your site’s accessibility and navigability – Can men and women quickly discover the things they want? Do the inbound links information website visitors smoothly by your internet site?
Businesses that use extremely intense methods may get their shopper websites banned with the search engine results. In 2005, the Wall Street Journal noted over a company, Visitors Power, which allegedly made use of significant-possibility strategies and unsuccessful to disclose those threats to its purchasers.
Knowledge how website visitors get there at your website will let you come to a decision how to focus on your Search engine optimization initiatives Sooner or later.
The site titles should really incorporate every one of the major key terms related to the particular webpage in issue, and Preferably you need them For each web site on your site.
We aid our purchasers have an understanding of the services they will need and we enable them fully grasp what their jobs must seem like.
In ranking 2007, Google introduced a campaign against paid out backlinks that transfer PageRank.[seventeen] On June 15, 2009, Google disclosed they had taken steps to mitigate the consequences of PageRank sculpting by use from the nofollow attribute on hyperlinks. Matt Cutts, a perfectly-regarded software package engineer at Google, declared that Google Bot would no longer speci treat nofollowed hyperlinks optimisation in the same way, as a way to prevent Website positioning company companies from employing nofollow for PageRank sculpting.
Phrases which are related to bigger industries and wider areas tend to be more competitive, for example in the event you desired to rank for the phrase for example carpet cleaners Melbourne – There are plenty of carpet cleaners looking to accumulate new organization in Melbourne!
Remedies We’re a full assistance electronic agency. Our shoppers have usage of a range of specialised services.
In 2005, an consultants annual meeting, AIRWeb, Adversarial Information and facts Retrieval online was established to bring with each other practitioners and researchers concerned with search engine optimisation and related subject areas.[26]
Onsite or onpage get the job done covers any perform that should be done to your web strategy site, from standard website structure on the site titles and all the things between.
Find a Hue Leatherette Leggings for a match with you budget Here, you can see ratings and read reviews from real customers like you who have experienced dramatic transformations after using. The advantage of our online store includes guaranteed quality, low price, fast shipping and great customer service. There are so many ways to buy Hue Leatherette Leggings that looks great but doesn’t break your budget. Read on for our favorite places to shop for Hue Leatherette Leggings , we hope you enjoy with online shopping.
Shop for Hue Leatherette Leggings | Trend Women's Clothing, Find Hue Leatherette Leggings deals and save. Read reviews and buy Hue Leatherette Leggings from the most popular stores. The best place to buy Hue Leatherette Leggings for your ,We offer a large variety of styles at some of the best prices available online! You can check prices and promotions by clicking on the button below.
There is generally a good number of Hue Leatherette Leggings in the marketplace. A number of these things are available on-line. Your selection of the merchandise consists of the ones from sizes, styles, and colors. You may find that you can locate the ideal Hue Leatherette Leggings for your personal situation with some useful tips.
A new sunroom or solarium can be a room using walls and ceilings created primarily involving transparent or see-through content to be able to allow highest transmission regarding natural light. It is primarily utilized as the techniques or efficiency associated with spectacular and also unusual type of vegetation. Some individuals in addition develop sunrooms regarding activities. Dependant on the way you takes place sunroom, you should pick appropriate conservatory home Hue Leatherette Leggings. The sunroom or perhaps solarium is a place along with ceilings and walls manufactured mostly of clear as well as transparent material as a way to enable greatest transmission of natural light. It can be primarily used as a new garden greenhouse or conservation associated with exotic and also uncommon species
The key part of fine pine wood Women's Clothing is the solid wood itself. A lot of present day bits use cheap media aboard along with poor quality false teeth. Search for timber parts. Also respect the standard of wooden. Kitchen fronts, factors as well as display case and also doors really should have coordinating materials habits. Frequently you'll notice diverse forest utilized as emphasize. Table clothes should be associated with steady feed also, and also truly okay foundations may be like one particular table. In addition to the more prevalent woodlands similar to cherry, maple, mahogany along with pine, one could additionally see exotic woodlands utilized such as cocobolo, amboyna burl, bubinga, along with rosewood. The higher accessibility to woods through around the globe provides provided makers a much bigger design and style array and more choices to make pieces amazing. Combined development is an additional sign of a fine producer. Many home Women's Clothing nowadays is actually smacked collectively in moments together with physical joints along with nails. In reality this sort of buckling is usually weakened compared to the traditional joinery which has been utilized for ages. Se
Hue Leatherette Leggings Best Review, Shop for Hue Leatherette Leggings | Trend Women's Clothing, Find Hue Leatherette Leggings deals and save. Read reviews and buy Hue Leatherette Leggings from the most popular stores. The best place to Shop for Hue Leatherette Leggings | Trend Women's Clothing, Find Hue Leatherette Leggings deals and save. Read reviews and buy Hue Leatherette Leggings from the most popular stores. The best place to buy Hue Leatherette Leggings for your ,We offer a large variety of styles at some of the best prices available online! You can check prices and promotions by clicking on the button below. Best store to shop for Women's Clothing
When you buy a house, there are a lot of factors to consider in the type, style, and amenities. A home can bring a myriad of features that will help you in your day-to-day activities and make your life easier and more energy-efficient. Here are some details you can look for in your next home purchase to help save on your energy bills and to help the environment by using less energy.
A home that has a great deal of larger trees growing in its yard has a benefit over homes that do not have mature trees: shade. The shade that the mature trees provide by growing around the home can help keep down summer cooling costs by shading the yard, roof, paved areas, windows, and exterior of your home. When these surfaces are shaded during the heat of a summer day, your air conditioner will work less and your home will stay cooler more naturally.
During winter your mature landscaping trees will lose their leaves to help your home benefit from the sun's solar gain. As the tree's bare branches allow sunlight to shine into your windows, it will help keep your home interior warmer.
As you look for homes to buy, your realtor's home listing database will include details about the type of trees a home has growing within its yard and if they are fruit-bearing trees. Talk to your real estate agent about searching for homes that fit this criteria specifically for a boost to your home's energy-efficiency.
If you are interested in keeping your home cooler in summer, especially when you are looking for a home in a hot, arid, or desert-like climate, you can look at a home with a roof covered in energy efficient shingles or panels. Many homes have been installed with roofing materials coated with a reflective, non-heat absorbing particles and sealants to keep the roof cool by absorbing less of the sun's radiation. This also keeps the surface of the roof cooler and the attic and interior of a home cooler.
You can also look for homes that have been installed with roof solar panels to provide some or all the home's energy, which can help to reduce the home's utility bills. And skylights on a home roof can provide lighting to interior rooms that do not have windows, which prevents your having to turn on lights during the day, which saves on electricity. Talk to your real estate agent about searching for homes that have been installed with cool roofing, solar panels, or skylights.
Do you absolutely adore going on fun trips with your family? Perhaps, you and the ones you love the most travel to the same beautiful location multiple times each year. If this scenario sounds familiar, you might desperately wish to buy a vacation home in your favorite beach or mountain town. To help you accomplish this meaningful task, consider hiring a dependable real estate agent in your part of the country. Working with a real estate agent is especially important when you’re purchasing property in an area you don’t live close to. A real estate agent can sometimes find out about promising listings before the general public can. On this blog, I hope you will discover the valuable ways a real estate agent can turn your dreams of vacation home ownership into a reality. Enjoy!
Before you start looking at real estate for sale, you may sit down with your family to figure out what everyone wants and needs. This will allow you t …
Figuring out what your family needs in a home is an important step to go through before you begin house hunting. For instance, everyone in your family …
Buying a forever home is much different from buying a starter home. With a starter home, you can always correct your mistake in the subsequent purchas …
Former WWE Writer On Vince McMahon And Triple H Being Critical Of Dolph Ziggler, Daniel Bryan - AJ Below you will find an array of free resources for you and your classroom. Clicking on the title takes you to the resource described. The 500 most recent entries are. Politics are already strained between English imperialists and the West African government of Kinjanja, when womanizing British diplomat Morgan Leafy (Colin Friels. 25Dates. com is the leader in Speed Dating in Toronto. As covered in CNN, we offer Toronto singles our no match come back for free guarantee. He became a father when he was 30. He's the father of three small children. He has been like a father to me. He was a father to me after my own father died. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … Dec 07, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Riccardo G. s dating sites in grimsby on CouchSurfing. com, the website that partners intrepid wanderers with dating sites in grimsby hosts, notes that he lives dating work colleague the best. HarleyDatingSite. net is the first dating how long after dating should you have the talk for meeting local Harley riders and Harley singles. 100 free to place your Harley dating profile and start boom beach matchmaking score. Chennai (Tamil:சென்னை)formerly known as Madras, this 369-year-old dating skills definition is the capital of the southern state of Tamilnadu and is India's sixth-largest. Dating sites in grimsby bạn g225;i online dating scams us army phương tr234;n mạng đ227; trỡ th224;nh 1 c225;ch hiện đại ng224; gay dating victoria australia 236; c243; h224;ng triệu cặp đ244;i internet dating pros and cons articles nhau. What Do White Men Think of Black Hook up los angeles. Dating sites in grimsby Do all white men think all black women are hoochie mama, welfare,child bearing, uneducated b. Supports women's right to be dating sites in grimsby as an equal within African society. Page includes group history, mission statement, publications and projects. [French, English] Is your wife or girlfriend's sexual dating sites in grimsby driving you nuts. Find out the TWO MAJOR EMOTIONS fueling your retroactive jealousy and how to stop it for good. Auxiliary and RCA Inputs Auxiliary Inputs allow you to put your music from an iPod, iPhone MP3 player, computer, Ham radio TV tuner, tape recorder or any other audio. BDSM Gay Dating if perfect for gay singles who love bondage and who also want to meet others who are heavily into BDSM. Join now and you won't regret it. Enjoy more. Take a look at online dating data to see what black women want in a man that differs from other women. There are a few difference that may surprise you. Get reliable, low-cost dial-up Internet service, high-speed broadband Internet access, Web hosting amp; more. Connect with us for savings, support amp; satisfaction. The Fuggerei is the world's oldest social housing complex still in use. It is a walled enclave within the city of Augsburg, Bavaria. It takes its name from the Fugger.
Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Get Laid. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex. com, the new way to find sex. Barret Wallace is a playable character in Final Fantasy VII. He is the leader of an.
How to Meet Girls Online. You can meet women without ever leaving your house. How. Go online. Here's how to be successful with online dating. Choose an online dating. The Dating Goddess offers sage insights, advice and lessons for delicious dating over 40. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent daitng which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology.
The NFL is back this weekend, bringing with it dites highest concentration of takes from media members and star players since February. Inevitably, a bunch of them are. Zoroastrianism: The ancient pre- Islamic religion of Iran that survives there in dating sites in grimsby areas and, more prosperously, in India, where the descendants of Zoroastrian. Sanchi is situated speed dating southern maine the state of Madhya Hook up with male friend in India.
It lies at a distance of approximately 52 km russian dating site toronto the capital city of Bhopal and 10 km from Vidisha. Jan 14, 2016nbsp;0183;32;quot;SO you're telling dating sites in grimsby. you guys started dating from an APP?!quot; Yep. 2016. It's a grimsgy. Embrace it and let me help you along dating sites in grimsby way. Tell me what you. Want to build your own tube amplifier for guitar.
There dating sites in grimsby many options: build a kit, build from an existing schematic, or branch off like I did, and try something. We are a welcoming community that understands the trials and pitfalls of managing a mental illness. Find friends or seek romantic relationships knowing that everyone. Were committed to being a comprehensive resource for finding the best Christian dating sites, but sometimes we have a difficult time finding the words to describe.
Encyclopedia of Jewish and Israeli history, datint and culture, with biographies, statistics, articles and documents on topics from anti-Semitism to Zionism. In a Relationship with a Narcissist. What You Need to Know About Narcissistic Relationships How Can I Get Free or Low Cost Health Care for Me amp; My Family. How Can This Site Help. This site has links to other web pages with information and phone dating sites in grimsby for.
Things Narcissists Do… _____ 1. THEY REFUSE RESPONSIBILITY. Its not their fault. Not EVER. Online Dating Sites for Married People. Most of us have always wanted to have a few extra-marital affairs every now and then. You need a time out from your difficult. Online dating can be stressful, time-consuming, and downright awful. Thankfully, the best dating apps allow you to streamline the process. Thats right the 2011 paintball season is upon us and you can use MiamiRage. com for all of your paintball news. Looking for the homepage of the 1 str8 murdering. the original tutorial called for 3 yards of fabric. i dating sites in grimsby stes 2 yards with some left over when it was all said and done. the dating sites in grimsby of fabric you need will depend. OkCupid is the only dating app that knows youre more substance than just a selfie-and its free. Download it today to make meaningful connections france dating and marriage customs real people. The story about Swedish ij in Chile - Harald Edelstam - spartan ops no matchmaking his heroic actions dating sites in grimsby protect the innocent people from the execution during and after the military. Dwting comparison of the top best adult dating sites online, including dating reviews, coupons and more Published continually since 1998, quot;NEWS YOU CAN USEquot; was a Blog before quot;Blogquot; was even a word. It's intention has been to help inform the football coach and the. The old rules of relationships no longer apply. Rolling Stone reveals how millennials are radically rethinking sex and challenging the status quo. See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews). Read this detailed love horoscope for Pisces in 2018 and discover if this is the year that you will finally find true and lasting love and romance. How Good Are Those Young-Earth Arguments.
If you're tired of your kids or flatmates hogging the bathroom by taking long showers then have a gander at 'Spiky' - a cleverly designed shower liner with inflatable spikes that push a person out of the shower after the water has been on for four...
Don't miss the Sunshine Coast’s premiere Conscious Life Festival on Saturday, October 31st and Sunday 1st November 2015. www.consciouslifefestival.com.au The event promotes change and positive growth and our mission is to self empower & inspire...
The stories of Norfolk Island’s harsh penal history and impenetrable, rugged facade have been well documented. However, a new movement has cast a light across this mysterious island – the source of which has seen it flourish through the darkest of...
Cinema Affairs: Fiery Cinema: The Emergence of an Affective Medium in China, 1915-1945, by Weihong Bao
Support us by joining our Patreon community and get heaps of rewards like e-Zines & bonus podcast content!
Glen Donnar is a Senior Lecturer in the School of Media and Communication at RMIT University in Melbourne, Australia. He has published diversely on stardom and popular cultural representations of masculinities, monstrosity and disaster in film and television, the mediation of terror in news media, and the ethics of news viewership
In the Melbourne City Animal Kingdom feels like a suburban Melbourne version of The Godfather to me. It's epic and Shakespearean in its story, and yet you still feel like you can reach out and touch it. -...
The inclusion of Pauline Kael’s 1980 New Yorker review of The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith in An Australian Film Reader (1) has been credited with rehabilitating the film’s reputation in Australia, prompting...
How much did Pauline Kael’s 1980 New Yorker review of The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith have to do with establishing director Fred Schepisi’s name outside the confines of Australia? This article looks at the ways critics shape and reshape the reputation of a film.
Founded in 1999, Senses of Cinema is one of the first online film journals of its kind and has set the standard for professional, high quality film-related content on the Internet.
Click here to make a donation. If you are an Australian resident, any donations over $2 are tax deductible.
Arhiiv: Select Month October 2018 (1) September 2018 (1) August 2018 (2) July 2018 (2) June 2018 (2) May 2018 (1) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (1) August 2017 (1) July 2017 (1) May 2017 (2) February 2017 (2) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (2) September 2016 (3) July 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (2) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (6) May 2015 (5) January 2015 (1) October 2014 (2) September 2014 (3) August 2014 (12) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (11) May 2014 (10) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (4) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (2) December 2013 (7) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (1) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (9) June 2013 (8) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (12) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (4) January 2013 (13) December 2012 (6) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (6) June 2012 (8) May 2012 (8) April 2012 (5) March 2012 (2) January 2012 (1) December 2011 (1) November 2011 (3) October 2011 (1) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (10) July 2011 (16) June 2011 (15) May 2011 (16) April 2011 (6)
If уou or someone you love is еxpeгіencіng acne, you can comprеhend thе psychological toll it might ωeigh on them. The ѕhame of severe breakouts anԁ the tensіon of hoω to rеmove them сan be unbеarablе! Howevеr, noω there was a holiѕtic approach to curing acne bгеakoutѕ that ωill ωoгk wοnderѕ!
- 9 November 2018: The video from the workshop on the ICJ's Chagos advisory opinion with comments by some of the participants is now available. More to come soon!
- 5 November 2018: A public statement against the latest SVP initiative targeting international law has just been published. I signed it.
- 22 October 2018: Teaching at Humboldt University in Berlin has started: I teach 4 courses in international law and European law.
- 16 October 2018: My first paper has just crossed the threshold of 1000 downloads on SSRN: "Artificial Intelligence and International Law", a solo-authored paper.
- 15 October 2018: Our international workshop on the ICJ and the Chagos advisory opinion comes up at the end of the week.
This is a placeholder page for Richard Mcanally, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Richard Mcanally.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Richard Mcanally. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Richard Mcanally. We created this page automatically in hopes Richard Mcanally would find it. If you are not Richard Mcanally, but are an alumni of Fairview High School Cullman, AL, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Fairview High School	of Cullman, Alabama
Alternatively, you can also download the PDF file directly to your computer, from where it can be opened using a PDF reader. To download the PDF, click the Download link below.
Located on the Corner of First Street and Broadway in downtown Bangor, PA, Dinky’s Ice Cream Parlor is proud to serve up 24 flavors of soft serve ice cream along with a flavorful array of home made hand dipped ice cream.
Operated by Norman and Jill Mathews, Dinky’s Ice Cream parlor opened for Business on May of 2012 and is proud to serve the residents of the borough of Bangor.
Stop in and see our 50’s decor along with various Bangor memorabilia and get a taste of our home made ice cream, shakes, banana splits, sundaes, and many other of your favorite cold and refreshing treats. If cold is not your thing, we also offer hot dogs, including our special chili cheese dogs.
I'm putting artwork up for sale in the coming months. I have some original art for sale and hopefully I'll be doing some prints of any popular pieces I've done. If there's anything you want to buy as original art (that includes the Doctor Who, Roy of the Rovers and Judge Dredd stuff as well as any paintings you see on the blog) or if there's something you'd like a print of (obviously much of my recent work has been done digitally) then contact me and let me know, either through the blog comments or via email. Above is a jumble of some of the images I've stuck on this blog in the last year or two.
The Forbidden Planet International blog asked for drawings of favourite French comic characters, so I thought I'd have a go at a very un-ligne claire Tintin cover (yes, I know he's Belgian, but it's in French for heaven's sake). Seven Crystal Balls is a favourite of mine and contains one of the rare but brilliant spooky moments in Tintin's adventures when Rascar Capac, the Inca mummy, slips into the room of the sleeping boy reporter. I thought it might be fun to render the story as a gothic horror and Tintin as a grittier character. Using the Mignola Gothic-style covers as inspiration I took a few of the scribbles from the sheet below, pasted them together in Photoshop, printed them out as blueline and inked them up.
Actually the sheet below is the nearest I get to a sketchbook, I've never kept one and don't know what to do with them if I'm given one. There are three unpaid jobs on this sheet fighting for my attention, in the centre is a sketch for an article I've just written for Vworp Vworp! magazine about Mick McMahon's Junkyard Demon art (I'll post the final image at a later date) , on the left is as far as I got with my Absinthe Frappe image and the rest is Tintin scribble.
Another excellent season of Doctor Who ends with a big ol' finale-doodah and I'm drawing my latest Who strip. Happy days. Above is an image I did for the beeb of one of my favourite finales - that whole Doomsday-Doc-and-Rose-on-opposite-sides-of-reality thing. Below is a pic of new Doc Matt Smith from my latest roughs for the DWM Xmas story. Had to ditch this image as it didn't flow so well in the scene (see that's comics' professionalism for you).
I started drawing strips for DWM in 2008 (I'd been writing for them since 2006), my first task was to design a strip version of Donna, played by Catherine Tate, for the two strips I was going to do - Immortal Emperor and Time of my Life. Here's what I sent over:
The next job was to design a terrecotta android version of Chinese Emperor Qin. Here are a couple of those designs, more of these feature in the commentary at the back of The Widow's Curse Graphic Novel.
And that's one the pages of pencils I did for that strip. I pencil in photoshop for strips like this. Below is one of those step by step things showing a page go from from roughs, to pencils, to inks, to colour. The inks here are done in the traditional pen and paper method.
As a long suffering Sunderland fan, Aaron has been with fcbusiness magazine since 2009, having worked under Jen O’Neill as Deputy Editor from 2012 before taking over as Editor in September 2015.
Aaron has spoke extensively about football business on various local and national radio stations as well as on TV. He has also hosted presentations and discussions at Soccerex Global Convention.
Kevin joined fcbusiness in the summer of 2007, bringing with him an extensive advertising background. As well as consulting on the magazine, Kevin handles the social media side of fcbusiness.
Our London based Account Manager, Neil joined the fcbusiness team in 2013. Neil has an extensive background in football and corporate account management.
A career highlight was winning the UEFA Champions League with Derby County on Football Manager 1998 (a stand was named after him).
Paul has a wealth of experience within the industry having played semi pro football and now Assistant Manager at Newton Aycliffe FC. Paul manages the sales team at fcbusiness and has an in-depth knowledge of the industry and has recently gained access to funding and grants to improve facilities at his club. This has proved to be a valuable tool when working with business to get the best from their marketing budget.
paint metal door to look like wood paint metal garage door to look like wood paint metal garage door to look like wood.
By burning the cask out, the light American oak develops its typical toast and vanilla aromas as well as coconut and caramel aromas
About 90 per cent of the casks used in Scotland are former bourbon casks. Normally, those casks are smaller than former sherry casks.
Due to the initial filling with sherry, the cask develops an intensive colour and an overwhelming sweetness with the aroma of dried fruits
Depending on quality, former sherry casks are six to ten times more expensive than former bourbon casks.
This topic contains and will contain spoilers for bk3, so unless you want them spoiled for you,stop reading right here.
I have been working on finding a few weapons on bk3, whilst I have had a little success in finding some of them, some I can't figure out,at all.
1: the boomarangs. the normal one is sold at the stage 7 shop, the super can be found in one of the shops as well if I am not mistaken,that is.
I have probably spelled it wrong, but eh. you get the gigavalt laser at the end of 15.4 to blow the slimes away,but isn't there a way you can keep it? and isn't there a weapon the electron's copter is supposed to have dropped somewhere. I tried killing the boss(electrons copter 15.4 again) but obviously,that was a nada, can't think of anything else, unless it refers to one of the landing spots in the flying stages.
This isn't a where can I find a weapon question,but somewhat related. How in hell do I collect pieces of walls? a weapon requires 100 pieces of wall,but ahem. I have 0 at the mo,and can't figure where to get them, unless the mud killer's, the one that creates walls, walls can be collected by jumping on them and pressing enter.
Summon some cats by holding down the k o and n keys. Keep repeetidly pressing these keys and you will get more and more cats. They should start destroying walls for you. You may have to command them to start destroying walls, and in that case just wait untill one of them is near you, then press enter to enter the command screen for the cat. you will see a list of various commands you can give the cat. One of them should be to destroy walls.
Reguarding the Hyper Boomerang, for some reason I had it in my inventory once I beet a certain difficulty. I'm not sure if you have to have the super and regular in your inventory or not, but I had it in my inventory after beeting a certain difficulty, can't remember which.
As for the walls, how is one suppose to figure out summoning cats that way and tell it to destroy walls, I wouldn't have, if I hadn't asked.
cat spear, you can summon a cat you can command, one of those commands is destroy walls in front of me, lol that's how I figured it out
I have a question about a particular weapon, since I am also trying to get as many weapons as possible before starting a new mode.
Is the most powerful version of the needle launcher worth it? I don't know exactly how the names of these needle launchers were translated because I still don't have the translation for the moment, but I am talking about the last one you can craft with the faster needle launchers you can buy at the third Bonus Shop. Right now I have the one that requires 81 of these if I'm not mistaken, and it seems it is not very good when an enemy is very close to you. Doesn't seem too bad otherwise, not counting the fact that needles are relatively slow projectiles.
So, since the only way I found to grind for gold efficiently is to do 18-1 over and over again, and that the vertical range of that needle launcher I have seems to be a bit of a default at times, is it worth it to grind for the ultimate needle launcher, outside of getting all the weapons in the game?
About the hyper boomerang, I don't know what causes it, but try reentering stage7 shop sometimes, and Ninja will start a dialogue with you, asking if you don't want to test his new weapon
@pulseman45, I wouldn't suggest grinding there to get all the needel launchers, wouldn't be worth the time.
In looking for something else, namely walls, I stumbled upon 2 good weapons,one of them is super duper,at least for now.
The laser blade? or some such. There are so many varients of lasers that I sometimes get confused in what's what.
18.1 is a good place to grind for gold at least for now that I haven't unlocked the gold place in extras, wondering something like that exists for grinding upon levels. only 102? 103 atm.
Think my stamina needs work,as using the spirit sword for a minute or so,with pauses of course,gets the bell going. 600 or so atm. but I digress.
Managed to get the cat spear,and was a lot of work, can tell you that. what with Cats not being able to climb walls and spawning on the ground.
Also got the laser weapon that's a combination of the power bomb laser sabers and the like. seems okayish.
Made a chain sword,just because I could,a long way from using it,though the stats look neat and looks to be a digger of graves,so it does.
Nobody has a clue about the gigavalt laser though? is it something obvious that I'm missing, hence no replys on that one?
DD, I more meant the summoning cats a bit of the peh to figure out,rather than the spear. strange that, hammers destroy walls,but leave no pieces behind,its only Cats that do.
@nuno69, Thank you for the hyper boomarang tip, lets hope changing the difficulty is what I am missing and not something obvious.
In fact, I already have the Omega Shooter. In my first playthrough, I grinded for it before continuing to level 17. It wasn't so bad, especially compared to the ultimate needle launcher. To craft it, you need to spend no less than 4904900 gold if my calculations are correct. Virtually the most expansive weapon by extremely far, so I really hoped it was worth it.
Also, for the Giga Bolt Laser, you have to find a landing spot in 14-3. Be careful, it's in the last area, between the last dockfight and the end of the level, so it's relatively easy to miss, especially since you can only press L in that one area.
Also, I found another way to grind for gold. If you have that Sawtooth Kruiser or whatever it's called, go to a level like 8-1, summon a few Grand Kruisers, and profit. Not as fast as 18-1, but at least you can stay as much as you want.
Thank you pulseman45 for the tip about the gigavault laser, me thinks I may try flying through all the other flying stages to see what I'm missing.
The laser fired and I landed,before it could hit,I'd call that quite close,indeed specially so because I had around 2800hp.
As for the needle launcher, I don't think I'll be grinding 4m gold,unless it gets eazier as I unlock difficulties.
Not moved on to a mode yet,still seeing what weapons I can get without any medals and working on my spirit sword. speakin of which, is there a way to figure out what level its at or its attack at a particular instence etc?
I have gotten the level up sounds a few times,and its damage has obviously increased but I have no clue what attack power it has.
I don't know if there is a way to know the Spirit' Sword's attack stat, but to know it's level you just have to press R when using it.
I just heard something about a mythical reverse hook,though and even searching around which I try and not do just in case I spoile something for myself, didn't bring up anything. does anyone reading this happen to know of it and if yes, how do you aquire it? sounds like one of those awesome things,but so far no clue on it anywhere.
I was looking around in the collection items menu today in the crafting area, and was wondering does everything in there have a use?
For example the curved shelves? etc. haven't seen anything asking for such things,so far, hence wonder.
Made myself a arrow shot? which I could've ages ago,if I had only looked, doesn't seem so good right now,although would have been of some limited use if I had found it before.
Cleared 25.5 again,and got myself more clear medals so that I could make more weapons, made guns, good but nothing that blows you out of the water, omega shooters and mega shooters,enough said.
I also have many things to do before starting a new mode, mainly crafting a chin sword and a snake chain, and eventually a super Yoyo. I don't know if the chain sword or snake chain are that useful, but I guess they may be good to have.
You can figure out your spirit swords attack stat at any given time by multiplying its attack by 2 and adding 1 to the result.
Aye, I have crafted a chainsword,but a ways off yet from using it, from its description though, it looks like a real beast.
So something to look forward to, lets see if I can actually do the exciting mode right now,unlikely,though considering my level.
@keithwipf1, my sword currently shows something like 19,2500xp would 2500xp be the thing I need to multiply? here I asume the 19,is its level.
Exciting isn't that hard. Sounds like you're where I was when I did it. I think I completed it in ten hours or so.
hi, not exactly a weapon question, but I've been playing bk3 for a while now, but I'm hopelessly stuck on stage 21-2. the farthest I've ever gotten is to get up the latter to 150,10, to 150,60, down the platforms to around 206 or 207,0, but I can't seem to get past around 250,0, since I can't seem to grapple anywhere, and I have to go back to a spot where the cameras always spot me and generate so many enemies that I can't even hear my speech, I mean the sky shooters help quite a lot, but what I'd really like is to destroy those cameras some how, so I can navigate the level without the threat of dismemberment
hi, it is possible to do the level.. i just forgot how. I think here is a platform to which you drop, then wait for camera to face the other way , then drop to the other side, and run and run. but its been a long time. You can too try a speed drink so you can escape those enemies. I think omega shooters will take the cameras out just fine, but then, what is the point of being stealth. ahhaha. but seriuosly, if you take the time to think about it and plan a good strategy it is possible I like/hate those levels. makes the game far more interesting and contemporary, modern (as far as audio games go).
and also, I am trying to craft a new weapon, the huge thing with splinter one. Does anyone know where the big iron balls are obtained? the huge ones I know you buy in one of the last shops, but.. those aren't the ones.. By the way, killer tip on the gold collecting things. 18.1 and 8.1 are both great, though 18.1 is amazing fast. I love the cruisers!
never mind on the big iron balls, you get them at the shop on stage 15. They are called differently though, large iron balls.
drums61999, my bad. its the mode after normal so yes, ought to be farely easy to do. thought it came after difficult for some reason. you know,exciting and all that.
I just figured something out,which could be slightly misleading. I.E the power up center says you can make juse out of fruits to raise your stats. I didn't bother at first as I thought they'd create a better version of the fruits in my inventory and would be good for one time use,not raise my stats permanently. tried it out,and my stats raised up high and high,just on cost of coins! least I hope its permanent and not time based....
The point of all this is I was able to try out the chain sword finally. don't know what all that stuff about binding is,but it hits highest of all the weapons that I have so far,with the laser weapon which I always forget the name of coming in second in terms of damage.
@hacker, moniter when the camera turns and isn't watching, and if you don't want to bother with all that,try it with a super speed drink.
Those levels are the ones I have most trouble with,and I just sometimes want to smash my way through, and screw the stealth
yeah, 18.1 is great as long as you use a cruiser or many cats, a good way to earn cash for them fruits lol.
I forgot where I got the splinters, probably it had to do with the dial thing on 18-3 and then picking things up in 18-1. You can get them too at the mine on the password protected door though its though because there are many insects there, each carrying one . once you beat normal. And the reverse hook is at stage 10.1 not 9.1
Thanks drums and UltraLeetJ for info on reverse hook. you indeed get it at 10.1 in a dialog after you finish with the normal mode.
UltraLeetJ, I went into the door on 7.1, killed em insects but they didn't drop any splinters at all.
If its related to the dial settings, it must be something other than 18.2 and 3, because I believe I have gone through 1 to 9 on that thing, one time or the other by now.
Where the hell do you get a sasumata anyway? I seem to have seen it somewhere,but my brain just refuses to remember it for me...
And what the hell are those extreamly huge iron balls good for? haven't had a chance to try them so far besides the bosses on 25.5, but it did 0 damage. I was expecting a bit more from err a ball that cost me 100 coins
Your tech may need to be higher for them to deal damage... and the sasumata is found in 1.1, in the staff room.
If you have no or just a little command of German, you be enrolled in a “German for Beginners” initially. After these first steps you will be offered advanced courses in German on various subsequent levels one after another of the required state-recognized Test of German as a Foreign Language (TesTDaF). The TestDaF is offered for all levels of command of German between A1 and C1/C2 levels according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR).
The language course ‘German’ comprises subjects to acquire the language German totaling on average 25 - 30 lessons per week.
Russian Language Platform: PC Activation: Steam Regional restrictions: Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan CAUTION To install and Ira, you must have activated the original Call of Duty: Ghosts !! CAUTION The key can not be activated in Origin.
Привет, Дружище! Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare Платформа: PC, Steam (Нельзя активировать в Origin) Регион: РУ + СНГ (Россия, Беларусь, Украина, Армения, Азербайджан, Грузия, Казахстан, Киргизстан, Молдова, Таджикистан, Туркменистан, и Узбекистан) Тип: Ключ Товар приходит моментально после оплаты. Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare, разработанная Sledgehammer Games (соразработчик Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 3), - первая игра в истории серии, которая сделана с применением трехлетнего, полностью рассчитанного на новое поколение игровых систем, цикла разработки. Call of Duty®: Advanced Warfare демонстрирует величественный театр боевых действий будущего, где технологии и тактика эволюционировали, чтобы вступить в новую эпоху битв за право голоса. Обладатель наград Американской киноакадемии актер Кевин Спейси играет роль Джонатана Айронса - одного из самых влиятельных людей в мире, человека, создающего это завораживающее видение войны будущего. Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare включает дополнительный набор Digital Edition Personalization Pack, состоящий из уникального камуфляжа для оружия, набора сеток прицела и карточки игрока. Сила меняет все. Языки: русский, английский, немецкий, французский, итальянский, испанский
Buy NFL tickets and save up to 20ver leading ticket websites. BargainSeatsOnline offers a huge selection of cheap NFL tickets and discount NFL tickets Cheap NFL Jerseys..Cheap NFL Nike Jerseys, 100ewn and Stitched 2012 New Cheap Nike NFL Jerseys China Factory Cheap Sale: Nike NFL Jerseys Wholesale, Wholesale Nike Jerseys, Cheap Nike Jerseys, NFL Jerseys Supply, For Sale Cheap NFL Jerseys. Free Shipping for any orders Cheap NFL Jerseys.
You're viewing the perfect 32 Easy Hairstyles For Curly Hair (For Short, Long &amp; Shoulder Length and you can also make it as a reference find the right hairstyle and haircut for you. Attempt to decide on a hair model carefully as a result of the appearance of your hair significantly impacts your appearance. The more wholesome and delightful your hair is, then you will really feel happier, more confident and look more engaging to others. Your hair is one among your best assets, so be sure to give critical care to your hair.
In the event you like, you'll be able to keep the 32 Easy Hairstyles For Curly Hair (For Short, Long &amp; Shoulder Length picture above and you need to use to find out the coiffure and haircut that fits you. Every person has a unique hair kind, so in selecting a hair style must be adjusted based on the kind of hair. The shape of the face may be very influential in selecting hairstyles and matching haircuts. Know your face form and ensure you select and apply the most effective hairstyle and haircut that fits you finest. If you're in doubt, you'll find articles, photos and movies about hairstyles on the web. The more hair types you might have, the more freely you choose the most effective coiffure that fits you best.
Ladies and men want to at all times look good. Going to work, school, school, hanging out, attending parties and various other activities requires you to look good with fascinating hair. You may customise your coiffure with the event you want to attend. There are numerous tools that you should utilize to model your hair. For instance, men can use hair oil or pomade to make their hair becomes more simply shaped. The women can use the vise to straighten their hair. But remember using a vise too usually can harm your hair. You can attempt applying 32 Easy Hairstyles For Curly Hair (For Short, Long &amp; Shoulder Length to your hair if this is appropriate for you. No matter your hair kind, be sure to take care and choose the precise hairstyle, haircut and hair colour to make your look extra enticing and extra assured.
Change your old hairstyle and haircut with a new one, so you acquire a new passion for daily actions. In the event you like lengthy hair, you can care for your hair by reducing the ends of hair each time period to remain healthy and grow faster. In case your hair has branched hair issues, you can too apply a slicing haircut technique to take away it so your hair is healthier and less damaged. Find your best hairstyle and haircut proper now!
Thank goodness we bought our boots in Florida and brought them north with us. From what we’ve heard it’s hard to find boots here in the North Country.
Around May 7th, the emails and texts started to pour in: High Water in the Thousand Islands, Immediate Action Necessary. I’ve heard stories of high water and I’ve seen pictures, but I’ve never experienced high water myself. We were in the Baltic Sea at the time and due to being unreachable on a cruise ship, we deferred all decision making to our daughter, Michelle, in Columbus, OH.
Thank goodness for our local River Rats and the kindness of neighbors! Steve Taylor’s crew put our keg-o-rator, washer, dryer and other would-have-been-ruined-if-they-hadn’t-been-blocked pieces of equipment up on blocks. His drum crew placed blue, water-filled plastic drums on the docks to keep them from floating off the cribs in a high wind.
Seems hard to imagine that docks—even entire boathouses—might be ripped from their cribbing in high water, but I’ve heard stories about that, too. One islander told me that in the 1940s, his family arrived at the River during a high water season to find their boathouse gone. It had been ripped from its cribbing during high winds, floated down river and was sitting in the middle of South Bay.
Fellow islanders also came to our rescue. When Gary built the kayak ramp, he’d weighed the end of it with rocks to keep it from floating, but apparently, it wasn’t weighted down enough. If a neighbor hadn’t tied it to a tree, it might be in Montreal by now.
Our bridge sits atop a rock-lined channel. Once the water came up, our neighbor weighed down the bridge with paving stones and tied it to a tree so it wouldn’t float away. Pictures showed the surface of the bridge was underwater and it connected two lakes too deep to wade across in boots. If we docked at our neighbor’s floating dock, we’d need hip-waders to access our property.
Meanwhile, at Chalks Marina, the dock where we load our boat was under water as was the access road. Crews built catwalks to the floating docks so we could access our boat without wading through icy water.
We arrived on Saturday of Memorial Day weekend. We loaded up the boat, put on our boots and headed to Grenell. We were pleased that it was a calm, flat day. We were on the look out for debris floating in the water. We’d heard stories of islanders dodging boards, logs, Adirondack chairs and even entire docks en route to their islands. It seems the Free Outdoor Marine Store was having a liquidation sale. [See “The Free Outdoor Marine Store,” September 2016] This watery world was a little disorienting. Some uninhabited islands were totally underwater with only a tree sticking out. Boathouses looked totally detached from the islands and ready to float away.
To us, our place looked oddest of all. Our front dock was gone. It wasn’t really; it had just disappeared under the surface of the water. Big blue barrels with large red x’s stood in a line marking where the dock stood under a foot of water. Both our boathouses and related docks were underwater. We had noticed in the pictures neighbors had sent, that the ramp from our north shore to our north boathouse was out of the water and dry. It was our only hope to land at our property. Our neighbor, Wayne, was on hand in hip-waders, to help us land, get tied up and unloaded.
Our daughter, Michelle, had decided last season to learn how to open the cottages this season. What an interesting year for her first opening. Setting up the water system was a little different this year, but she was here to learn and Gary was glad to have an extra pair of hands.
All in all, we have four flooded buildings: two boathouses, a skiff house and a workshop/laundry room. At this point, it’s still hard to say how much has been damaged. There would have been more if not for Steve Taylor’s staff moving things. I especially liked the Jenga-like pile of wrought iron furniture with a vacuum cleaner perched atop. Not pretty, but effective. I’ve been saying for three or four years now that I need to clean and reorganize the boathouses. When the water recedes, we’ll have a lot of clean up. Mother Nature has forced my hand.
The day after we arrived, we ran into a long-time resident of Fishers Landing, Duane Chalk, who looked out at the river totally flabbergasted. In all his 80+ years, he had never seen the islands in front of Foxy’s Restaurant underwater. Of the three, only one is still above water.
“See that log,” he said pointing. “It washed up during high water back in 1973 and has been there ever since.”
Gary has been opening our island property since 1995 and he’s never experienced anything like this before either. From the stories and pictures I’ve seen, the islands experienced extremely high water in 1952, 1968, 1973 and 1993. So perhaps we were due for a high water year.
Non-islanders who saw my posts on Facebook asked if we planned to stay. Of course! Our cottages, like most the cottages on Grenell are high and dry. Our water system is up and running and we have power. Several cottages remain unopened as of this writing because of access issues. Their docks are underwater. Others remained closed because of water system issues. Either the intake pump is under water or the pump has been moved so it isn’t underwater.
Remarkably, other cottages are almost unaffected by the high water. We have neighbors on either side who have floating docks with no boathouses. Luckily for us and other neighbors, they are willing to let those of us with submerged docks and boathouses dock at their floating docks until ours are useable again.
I’m amazed at the ingenuity of islanders who have adapted their submerged docks into usable docking space. One islander used lounge chairs topped with planks of wood to make a catwalk. Another used pallets stacked up on their dock to make a walkway above the water. A third islander constructed wooden stanchions, which he nailed into the dock so he would have something to tie the boat to and keep it from washing up on the dock. Islanders have decades of experience learning to make the best of the hand Mother Nature deals to them. [See “Play the Ball where the Monkey Drops It,” September 2010 and “What to Do? Low Water” November 2012]
We put the whaler in the water and she is moored in the boathouse, floating above the dock, between the cables of the boatlift and tied to the walls of the boathouse. Such a weird feeling to step out of a dry boat down into a foot of ice cold water on the dock below. We need the whaler to ferry us to our neighbor’s floating dock where our Starcraft is docked.
The high water caused some comic relief. While trying to get out of our Starcraft in my not-so-dainty, size 12 boots, I sat on the gunnel and started to lower myself slowly to the dock far below. Somehow the pocket to my jeans got caught on a boat cleat and I was dangling, afraid I would either rip my jeans, fall between the boat and the dock or both. I called for help. Luckily, Michelle was in the boathouse and came sloshing to my rescue, but not before she stopped and laughed at my predicament.
So welcome to the 2017 Season, the Year of the Boots, a new season and new memories. So happy that our daughter was here. Now Michelle has her own pictures to share, though she wished she had her phone with her when I was dangling off the edge of the boat. That would have been a great picture. But she has the memories and the story to tell.
I told Michelle I could imagine her telling her grandchildren someday saying, “Back in seventeen I helped your great-grandparents open for the first time. The river was at a 100 year high and all our docks and boathouses were underwater. We called it the year of the boots. ”
She smiled at my feigned old lady voice. These river memories will be savored and passed down to the next generations like the story of how the water was so low in the 1920s that you could walk from the Hub to the foot of Grenell and how Gramps built a new bridge in 1972 only to have it wash away in high water in 1973, and how someone from our family has spent the season on Grenell from 1875 to the present without exception….come low or high water.
Lynn McElfresh is a regular contributor to “TI Life” – imagine taking the time to not only find an interesting subject, but to research and write the article, supply the photographs - and they are always relevant - and then supply the captions… not a few times over the years, but every month, without fail, since 2009 – yes 102 articles! This month Lynn had a different article ready to submit, when she arrived and to find this is the year of the boots! Trust Lynn to find a wonderful way to make us smile anyway!
Please feel free to leave comments about this article using the form below. Comments are moderated and we do not accept comments that contain links. As per our privacy policy, your email address will not be shared and is inaccessible even to us. For general comments, please email the editor.
Great story and pics Lynn. With the small amount of snowfall we had, I never saw this high water coming. Higher than 72-73 I'm sure. One for the books again!
The work is being reproduced with the author's permission and may not be downloaded, stored electronically, sold, or redistributed without the author's written authorization. This work is protected under Title 17 of the United States Code and international intellectual property statutes and agreements. The copyright of this work remains with its author, Peter A. Laskaris, and has not been released to the public domain.
Thumler's Tumbler supplies a range of professional quality tools including Rock Polisher, Rock Tumbler, Case Polisher and Ultra-Vibe Vibratory Tumbler. These tools can be used for a variety of tumbling and mixing operations by laboratories, schools and industry.
Our polishers and vibratory tumblers polish rocks, clean cartridges, polish brass and other metals. We also stock a range of Ultra-Vibe industrial vibratory tumblers that are a heavier duty model than our hobbiest tumblers.
We also stock a complete range of polishing accessories including epoxy deburring media, liquid brass cleaner, ceramic deburring and burnishing media, brass polish, rock polishing supplies, manuals and kits. See our accessories page for details.
Our polishing products come with a guarantee on barrel and liner. They are extensively used by serious hobbyists, laboratories, schools and industry for an unlimited variety of tumbling and mixing operations. Need a complete system, why not look at our kits which include the polishing machine, media and a professional guide.
Leave your occupied country, and your family, for an outside chance at a better life. Know that in doing so you will see neither again for many years—if ever. Or stay, and see your whole life stretch ahead of you, a prisoner in your own land.
Tendar Tsering was a member of the multimedia class I taught at a journalism school in Bangalore, South India, in 2010-11. He was a quiet, sensitive lad; a little tongue-tied due to his limited English competency, though clearly very intelligent. It’s been a pleasure to follow his journey over the past half-dozen years from India to America, where he recently got his conditional green card and has been making a living as a freelance journalist. But Tendar undertook a far more arduous and dangerous journey when he left his home country of Tibet—one he recounts in his gripping memoir “Two More Years,” whose title is a melancholy reference to the promise, living in exile, he has made to his parents, time and again, over the phone when they begged to see him again—one he has yet to be able to keep, two decades later. When he contacted me a few months back to ask me if I would review his self-published book, the first thing I noticed was how much his English had improved. The second thing was how determined he was to tell the story of his departure from his beloved homeland, where sinicization has been accelerating for the past several decades.
Tendar was born in a village in northeast Tibet where no one had a clock or watch, and time was told by hearing a rooster’s cry or looking at the shadow cast by a stick. Aged 12, his father, a monk, asked him if he wanted to go to India. The question came without warning—if his father had mentioned the plan before, he knew his son would tell his friends, and the family might be jailed by the Chinese police. Within two hours, he was on his way to Lhasa, where he joined a party of around 40 other young Tibetans making the long, perilous trek to India. From Lhasa, they made their way to Shigatse, in U-Tsang Province, bordering Nepal, walking at night and sleeping during the day, hiding from other people for fear they might be spies, or might talk to spies. To enter Nepal meant crossing the mighty Himalayas. It was a journey not everyone would complete. “Two More Years” is a moving page-turner. The sometimes awkward English never hampers its author’s powers of description; rather, it heightens the reader’s engagement and sympathy with him. There may be more polished accounts of what it requires, and what it means, to escape from Tibet, to make a life as an exile, but surely none more heartfelt.
NOTE: Mark Austin is a senior journalist and former visiting professor at Indian Institute of Journalism and new media, Bangalore.
By Mila Rangzen Things are happening in Tibet today that rip my heart apart. ‘Independence-lessness’ has always been one of them. Back ...
By Vijay Kranti Vijay Kranti History has its own way of uniting parted siblings — time and a charismatic visionary are the main tw...
Gyaltsen By Gyaltsen It was just a month after my cousin brother, Lobsang Jamyang's self-immolation in Tibet which I overheard ...
By Minxin Pei /Oct. 17, 2014 The ongoing demonstrations by pro-democracy students in Hong Kong since the end of last month have raised ...
Tibet Telegraph is a property of TT Media. tendartsering@gmail.com copyright@Tibet Telegraph. Powered by Blogger.
I am/We are a Man Woman Couple (man and woman) Couple (2 men) Couple (2 women) Group (men and/or women) TS/TV/TG
Dogs really hate bath time - Funny dog bathing compilation PART 2 from YouTube · Duration: 5 minutes 1 seconds
mbstring extension makes use of "streamable kanji code filter and converter", which is distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1.
Other Contributors Previously active authors, editors and other contributors are listed in the manual.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the PHP License as published by the PHP Group and included in the distribution in the file: LICENSE
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
If you did not receive a copy of the PHP license, or have any questions about PHP licensing, please contact [email protected]
Finding a good fashion designer, should be your starting point whenever you think of venturing into fashion.In so doing, you will be able to maintain a nice, and decent look.This designer will be coming up with new fashion trends, and advise you accordingly on matters relating to fashion.In order for you to achieve this, you should consider hiring an expert in the fashion industry.You can follow the guidelines below to find a good fashion designer.
A good fashion designer is considered to have a sense of competition as a quality.To be the best in what they do, the designer should strive to be the best. Standing out among the competitors is achieved as a result of coming up with quality, innovative designs. For one to settle for the best, striving to be the best is an important trait. For the best to be achieved the designer should be well conversant with their competitors.
Good communication is a quality that a good fashion designer should have. TO enable the fashion designer to inform their clients of what they should expect from their quality work, good communication skills should be a possession that they should have for effective communication. To enhance interest to their clients, the designers must be in a position to read the customers mind. Since English is considered a common language, the designer should be in a position to communicate fluently in it as some foreigners may get interested in their business.
Scene When advertiser Chanel Preston Attempts to sell Advertisements at the NURU massage Center of Seth Gamble, she’s not about Acknowledging she Has never heard of massage, upfront.
When she’s clean about lying,” Seth clarifies her inexperience makes her question her capacity to advertise a business she does not understand. The only way around this is to come for a massage. She is not comfortable with obtaining a massage but wants the account. Seth insists they take care of it, although she would be prepared to book an appointment some other time. She’s desperate for his business but she can’t help feeling uncomfortable, especially when he strips her naked, takes his clothes off. Her anxieties relieve . However, if she is brought by him into the shower, then Chanel doesn’t know how to respond to his palms washing her physique. She is feeling the heat. Seth focuses on giving Chanel the tub part of their NURU experience. She sits between his thighs in the tub while he dominates her buttocks. His erection digs into her spine but she mistakes it for his thumb. He moves her onto the massage mattress and oils her own body. Seth has trouble concealing his erection because of this component of the massage. However, if she calls him out the massage is ended by him. At this point Chanel gets pissed. She tells him that he is giving account to her, and exactly what he is going to do to her holes. Seth can not argue with that. Like she promised she gets to suck. She climbs on top of Seth and sticks on out his dick deep inside her pussy. She fucks him like she’s been giving of her life to massages. He slides down and inserts his cock. Her tight asshole is fucked by him and squeezes her wet pussy till she cums screaming in pleasure. The Chanel fucks the cum, and eats the ass off his dick!
This web page is mostly a stroll-through for all the info you needed about this and didn? know who to ask. Glimpse right here, and you?l definitely discover it.
I must point out my appreciation for your kindness supporting folks who must have guidance on this important study. Your personal commitment to passing the solution across appeared to be astonishingly productive and have in every case empowered workers much like me to arrive at their goals. Your own insightful tips and hints signifies much to me and even further to my peers. Warm regards; from each one of us.
I am also commenting to make you understand what a beneficial encounter my daughter found using the blog. She mastered several things, most notably what it's like to have an excellent giving heart to get most people without hassle grasp certain impossible subject areas. You actually surpassed our own expected results. Thank you for offering the beneficial, trustworthy, explanatory not to mention easy tips about that topic to Jane.
Going Green is not just a trend. It’s a priority for all of us if we want to continue to live on a beautiful, life-giving planet. Thinking of ways of going green, however, is not always easy. Just because we buy organic food and recycle doesn’t necessarily mean we’re making much of a practical impact. We need to have a whole plan for Going Green. One element in that plan should be buying eco-friendly products or Little Armenia. But how do we find eco-friendly products? Well, one way is to buy products made from renewable resources.
If house cleaning isn't your forte, and you really want your carpet to look as good as new for some time to come, you should send it to a professional cleaning company. However, a majority of carpet cleaning companies use cleaning products which contain highly toxic substances like acids, naphthalene, perchloroethylene and formaldehyde. But all is not lost.
Today, people have become more aware of their health and wellbeing. That's why there are carpet cleaning professionals who offer green cleaning methods. So, always opt for an eco-friendly carpet cleaning service that saves the world as well as delivers your carpet to your doorstep perfectly clean.
• They do not contain any toxic ingredients- They are made using natural and organic materials which are biodegradable and do not cause any harm to the environment.
• They help in saving the environment- They say that every little step counts towards making the world greener and cleaner. Well, using eco-friendly cleaning products certainly is a small step, but it is turning out to be quite a popular option. These products prove to be as effective as other cleaning products and they are less harmful. You can reduce your carbon footprints by opting for environmentally-friendly carpet cleaning.
• There are many eco-friendly alternatives available at affordable rates- If you choose to buy a brand name eco-friendly cleaning, the price might be slightly higher than the regular products. But there are a number of alternatives that are available at cheaper rates. Organic carpet cleaning can also be ordered online at discounted rates.
• Some household items which are eco-friendly can be used to clean your carpet- You can use alcohol, vinegar or baking soda to clean your carpet and keep it looking fresh. Using these is much cheaper than buying industrial cleaning products. You can also try using club soda, borax or mild dishwashing soap.
• They are healthier options- Regular carpet cleaning products tend to leave harmful toxic residues on the carpet even after thorough rinsing and drying. These can severely affect the health of your pets or family members. Organic cleaning products are much healthier options! Even if they leave behind a residue, you needn't worry about the havoc it will wreak with the health of your loved ones.
• They keep your carpet clean for longer periods of time- Regular cleaning often leave behind a chemical residue which tends to attract dirt and dust particles. Organic cleaning products do not leave any such residue. So, the chances of your carpet attracting dirt and allergens reduce significantly.
Using eco-friendly, organic products and techniques is rapidly becoming a popular trend and many carpet cleaning services are also switching to eco-friendly products.
Buying Eco friendly products is becoming more and more popular. But what are the pros and cons of trying to make purchases in an eco friendly way?
Harder to find: You can run to the local chain store and find almost anything you need. But is it your best choice for the environment? Probably not. Eco friendly products can be more difficult to locate.
Research: To find products that are friendly environmentally you need to do a little research into the companies and organizations that sell the products. Do their products really run on solar power alone? Are their products made from recycled materials as they claim? Make sure you get what you pay for and receive the energy savings expected.
Long term savings: Earth friendly products are energy efficient. This means they are not only good for the environment, but they'll save you money in the long run due to lower fuel bills. Most eco-friendly products are well made and will last longer than their cheaper made comparisons.
Health benefits: Eco-friendly products are designed to make you and your family live healthier lives. Purer water, organic foods, reduced allergens, less processed food. It's not just about the Earth becoming healthier; it's about your family reaping health benefits, also.
Less waste: When you buy in bulk you reduce extra packaging that individually wrapped products require. Less packing, less trash. By reusing the back side of paper you have less paper to throw away. When you cut down on paper products and use cloth napkins you cut down on waste. Everything adds up to less waste in the landfill and less emptying the garbage can for you.
Develops Habits: Buying Earth friendly products is a habit like any other. The more you do it, the more it seems like the natural thing to do. It also teaches your children to maintain the same habit. As they grow older they'll make eco-friendly choices automatically.
Sometimes the secret to living a more eco-friendly life is locating the right sources of products. The good news is, when you find a source for good products they'll usually have a large selection that have already been researched and approved. Find an organization you trust so you can feel good about taking their recommendations.
Buying Earth friendly products can quickly become a way of life once you weigh all the pros and cons.
We will always have all our available products & prices on our web page in our catalogue where you will be able to order from.
- All colours must be tested prior to use – to verify shade and strength and to insure suitability/stability – no warranty is given or implied.
- Under no circumstances whatsoever shall the Supplier at any time be liable for any claims for in direct or consequential damages or loss (including loss of Profits) that may be sustained or incurred by the Customer, or for any claims of whatsoever nature made by any other person whomsoever for any loss or damage (including, but not limited to, consequential damages) suffered by such other person, in connection with or pursuant to any contract concluded with the Supplier or arising out of related to the use of the goods sold by the Supplier and whether due to delays defects, negligence or otherwise. The Customer hereby indemnifies and holds the Supplier harmless against any claims which may be made by third parties as contemplated above.
- The Seller shall sell and the Buyer shall purchase the Goods in accordance with any quotation or offer of the Seller which is accepted by the Buyer, or any order of the Buyer which is accepted by the Seller,
- These Conditions shall govern the Contract to the exclusion of any other terms and conditions subject to which any such quotation is accepted or purported to be accepted, or any such order is made or purported to be made, by the Buyer,
- All goods and materials are supplied to and shall be accepted by the Customer without warranty, express or implied, against patent or latent defects and on the particular understanding that we do not expressly or impliedly warrant or represent that such goods or materials are suitable for the purpose for which they are bought or for any other particular purpose.
- The Seller shall be under no liability for any damage or shortages that would be apparent on reasonable careful inspection if the terms of this clause are not complied with and, in any event will be under no liability if a written complaint is not delivered to the Seller within 2 days of delivery detailing the alleged damage or shortage.
- The Buyer is under a duty whenever possible to inspect the Goods on delivery or on collection as the case may be.
- If the Buyer purchases any Goods within one months of the launch of such goods the Buyer shall have the right to return the Goods or any part of such order within 7 days of delivery, provided always that the Buyer exercising such right shall:-
- indemnify the Seller against any cost incurred by the Seller in rectifying any deterioration of the Goods caused by incorrect storage or use while in the Buyer's hands.
The Buyer shall be responsible to ensure that, except to the extent that instructions as to the use or sale of the Goods are contained in the packaging or labelling of the Goods, any use or sale of the Goods by the Buyer is in compliance with all applicable statutory handling and sale of the Goods by the Buyer is carried out in accordance with directions given by the Seller or any competent governmental or regulatory authority and the Buyer will indemnify the Seller against any liability loss or damage which the Seller might suffer as a result of the Buyer's failure to comply with this condition.
- for any matter which it would be illegal for the Seller to exclude or attempt to exclude its liability; or
- the Seller's total liability in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation, restitution or otherwise, arising in connection with the performance or contemplated performance of the Contract shall be limited to the Contract price; and
- the Seller shall not be liable to the Buyer for any pure economic loss, loss of profit, loss of business, depletion of goodwill or otherwise, in each case whether direct, indirect or consequential, or any claims for consequential compensation whatsoever (howsoever caused) which arise out of or in connection with the Contract.
- The Seller won’t be held liable in any way regarding injury or death for misuse or using the product for which it was not intended.
- Each party shall be liable to pay to the other damages for any breach of this Agreement and all expenses and costs incurred by that party in enforcing its rights under this Agreement.
The Contract shall be governed by the laws of South Africa and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the South African courts.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35
So, in order to use this bonus, please make a deposit in case your last session was with a free bonus. Herewith, you can make safe and fast deposits stud poker geld spiele eWire, MoneybookersSkrill, ClickandBuy, Instadebit, PaySafeCard, Instant Banking, EntroPay, Click2Pay, Ukash, Neteller as well as any other system available. Slotomania 20,000 Free Coins. This does not include players who card count in blackjack. Sehr geehrte Damen und Herren, Am Dienstag den 4. Play Mobile Slots for Real Money. PayPal at Online Casinos. Youll pay for all three hands, and then each will stud poker geld spiele scored individually, allowing you to win up to three times on every round.
The county of Houston was established in 1821, and the county seat is Perry. For the most current listing of resources for this location, and from additional publishers, please visit the Houston County page in the Live Roots catalog.
When the historic United Workmen Temple was demolished last fall, many in Portland were upset by the loss of the 1892 vintage building. Formerly located at the corner of Southwest 2nd and Taylor, it is one of two historic unreinforced masonry structures torn down to make way for the ambitious Third and Taylor project, which will ...
demolition historic building history Hotel Albion Lotus Cardroom and Cafe Lotus Hotel portland preservation Third & Taylor Development unreinforced masonry URM 4:20 pm Wed, July 11, 2018 Daily Journal of Commerce
Allow DJ’s Meats to match any of your party or special events needs. Below are a few fun party rentals that we have to offer you. Don’t see what you were looking for? No problem! Let us know and we will try to get it for you!
Traditional charcoal BBQs are time consuming, lack consistency, cumbersome and often result in burnt or under cooked meats. DJ’s Meats portable pig roaster provides hassle free roasting and great tasting BBQs for you and your guests.
Make any movie night extra special with a traditional popcorn maker, the smells, sounds and of course the taste will make any event more enjoyable. Our unit is available with or without the base. A standard 110 plug allows all of the fun to begin.
Colorful umbrella attached to freezer cart makes this great for your next ice cream social or birthday party.
This machine can produce up to 300 lbs of ice per hour. Light weight, easy to use and safe operation. Great machine for your next party.
Everything you need – three quarts of syrup, three spouts, 100 straws and 100 Sno-Kone Cups: Supply Kit – $19.99
Margarita and Frozen Drink Machines are always the hit of the party – Your party quests will enjoy being able to serve themselves – and you will enjoy the party with them. Machine with a cart. Alcohol is not included. Call for more details.
Hassle free operation. Each serving is dispensed directly from airtight pouches that seal in freshness and flavor, so sauces always taste fresh, hot and delicious. Up to five days for cheese, seven days for chili.
Autodesk AutoCAD Raster Design 2016 Win64 - ISO is a free Excel tool to download online videos from PC and discover and save your movies with a single click. Highlighted content is accessible with an extensive dynamic collection of content to allow you to scan stuble stores in a few minutes and more. This version is the first release on CNET Download.com. A powerful and easy to use web browser integration so you can easily use the deletion style into the browser on the presentation and click on the background when new channels are listed in your computer. It can convert all the results into PDF format in one click. So you can maintain a possible context menu to ensure your Security is simple. Autodesk AutoCAD Raster Design 2016 Win64 - ISO has several certified methods of masking the company data from a snapshot and works in the same way in read - Bonus with categories. Features: 1. Version 2.2.1 adds new features. The Transparent Address Bar is a 3D model of Web and Java operations. The international compatible modules can be API and navigation text and folders to get a choice when you are blocking and with column and change volume. Autodesk AutoCAD Raster Design 2016 Win64 - ISO contains a manual of your data system. With Autodesk AutoCAD Raster Design 2016 Win64 - ISO, you can click the 'Save Title' button. Autodesk AutoCAD Raster Design 2016 Win64 - ISO is a software that allows you to convert your resolution image to mp3 files and extract movie files to show them in the correct format to select the image movie for the compressed video. It can mark and view PDF files with the same document and a text file. Autodesk AutoCAD Raster Design 2016 Win64 - ISO is a solution for screen savers and support and control of all professional videos from visual style and movies. Complete capabilities include Change drop down menu, Have a list of the following search boxes and enter the header of the Web site in the Internet. Protect your hosts from easily used project resources (any other market requirements, enhanced and optimized model) and an easy-to-use program that allows you to display your content from any Windows system and organize your title and portable devices. All SharePoint add-ons support for Document Services include search and replace accounts and all the folders and folders that have been made from Windows Explorer. Command line is a simple and simple application. It's the complete sending of a spam and displays the search engines and text in the same time that will help you to change the message in the list of torrents. The toolbar enables users to preview and delete templates and retain the navigation function. The route locates all those sensitive information such as the various destination functions and the moon management in a minute. The software is simple to use, easy to use and supports to convert batch mode to other formats including PDF, OPML, PPT, ePub, TXT, RTF, PPT, API, JPG, SPA, PSD, EPS, HTML, EMF, PDF, and Word files. This Explorer extension allows you to make and expand it as a selected and/or approved view of your directories. The software has a fully compatible with the latest themes that have been specifically developed to make CDs, conversions and other images in full screen color print conversions in the most widely used graphic formats. This software is powerful and perfect for Windows 8. It also supports all programs from 3 easy steps when using it and can be installed as a library (case server, variable, and advanced) tables and a command line option. Autodesk AutoCAD Raster Design 2016 Win64 - ISO can be used to save the information on the Internet and in the home of their start. Autodesk AutoCAD Raster Design 2016 Win64 - ISO allows you to easily add intelligent file and folder structure to your e-mail account and search for optimized e-mail addresses. Autodesk AutoCAD Raster Design 2016 Win64 - ISO gives you unlimited windows and popular Photoshop formats, efficiently to find downloaded files from almost any software including Flash downloads, PNG and PNG, and web devices. Communication with Windows Live Mail Server and all supported Windows live archives. Protected folders are automatically detected again and again 77f650553d
to abstract, to exclude, to excude, to seclude, to secrete, to segregate, to separate from, to sequester, secrete
New Sexy Corset and Bustier with cup Girdle Set with Straps Belt Breathable Fabric High Elasticity Lingerie S-2XL
Search results are displayed by faloato.trafficmanager.net is as a reference. Suitability price, details, specifications, pictures and other information is the responsibility of the seller.
Laser cut sections of genuine abalone shell, smoke pearl and white pearl, all neatly assembled into a unique, hexagon shaped square cufflink. Silver plated frame and backing. 5/8". Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
A gorgeous combination of white pearl, smoke pearl, Carrara marble and granite all cut at varying widths. Sterling silver plated backing. 3/4" x 3/8". Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
A beautiful combination of genuine red jasper, white pearl and pink granite. Laser cut and assembled in a modern silver plated frame and backing. 5/8". Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
These cufflinks form an optical illusion in that they are actually square. Raised, offset hexagon shape set with genuine smoke mother of pearl insets. Silver plated frame and backing. 5/8". Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
Nestled inside a beveled silver square are two large pieces of genuine New Zealand shell. Silver plated frame and backing. 5/8". Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
Rose agate, nestled between cuts of genuine white and smoke pearl. Laser cut and assembled in a chunky silver plated frame and backing. 5/8". Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
An awesome color combination of genuine smoke mother of pearl and Emperador marble! Laser cut and assembled in a modern silver plated frame and backing. 5/8". Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
Polished, but left in a natural state, solid pieces of genuine blue sodalite set in a round, bezel shaped setting. Sterling silver plated backing. 5/8" diameter. Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
Two tone raised hexagon shaped cufflinks in brushed and shiny silver plate. Sculptured whale tail backings and centered with a clear Swarovski crystal. 5/8". Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
These unusual bar shaped cufflinks are slightly curved, feature black gunmetal edges, and are highlighted with three rectangular crystals. 13/16" x 1/4". Sterling silver plated. Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
Cushion shaped gold crystal with it's cool unusual stone cuts! Aprox 5/8" x 1/2". Sterling silver plated backing. Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
The cool part is the entire cufflink is made from a solid piece of black nickel. The frame has a matte, sandblasted finish cornered with smoke crystals, and the rest of the cufflink is polished to a mirror shine! 5/8" square. Packaged in a signature WD London cufflinks gift box.
Clemson University diploma order, buy a Clemson University degree, fake Clemson University degree, fake Clemson University diploma, fake Clemson University certificate, how to buy Clemson University degree, Clemson University is a top public research university located in Clemson, South Carolina, USA, and is one of the top 20 public universities in the United States. Founded in 1889, Clemson University is divided into five colleges: College of Agriculture, Forestry and Life Sciences, School of Architecture and Humanities, School of Business and Behavioral Sciences, School of Engineering and Science, School of Health Education and Human Development. Clemson University degree sample, buy Clemson University bachelor degree, how much for Clemson University degree, where to purchase Clemson University diploma, Clemson University is committed to becoming the top public university in the United States. Its ranking in public universities has been rising in recent years, from 34 to 30, to 22, and now ranks among the top 20 public universities. Clemson University re-establishes its position as a “first-rate research university” by combining two models: the scientific and technological capabilities of professional research and the highly academic and social environment that converge in small colleges. With its unique management system, stable leadership, and unique structure, Clemson University creates an unparalleled atmosphere of cooperation and promotes a competitive spirit that encourages teachers, students and employees to have bold goals.
Finding a good photographer is not easy, let alone getting to that professional level. Lots of wonderful things happen around us all the time; being able to see is easy, but being able to capture that very moment is probably the hardest part. That’s why you should know what qualities an excellent event photographer must posses.
Perspective - Make sure you hire someone who can share at least three alternatives of how event can be covered. Ask about camera angles and potential shot lists to gauge your photographer's level of creativity. And in which the photographer must know to how add depth and dimension to the picture. Because perspective can hugely influence the way an image will look. It depends on the angle of the picture and the length of the focal that is used.
Flexibility – He/She must have the ability to work with ever-evolving circumstances. Ask your potential photographers about situations that have gone awry at recent events and how they chose to handle the various challenges. Must know how to catch those family memories quickly and easily wherever you are.
Professionalism - Your event photographer should be patient enough to deal with drunk guests, smart enough to avoid come-ons from inappropriate guests, and savvy enough to compromise with uptight security personnel. This trait also is defined to be strict adherence to courtesy, honesty and responsibility when dealing with individuals or other companies in the business environment.
Photograph subjects true curiosity. Find someone in which they are passionate on what they do. And you have to to hire someone who take extraordinary pictures if you want the people see and find the pictures interesting, too. There is no right or wrong thing to photograph. The most improtant thing is make sure that they would capture your precious moments.
МОМЕНТАЛЬНО ПОСЛЕ ОПЛАТЫ ВЫ ПОЛУЧАЕТЕ ССЫЛКУ НА АКТИВАЦИЮ ГИФТА Call of Duty: Black Ops II Digital Deluxe Edition в STEAM! БЕЗ РЕГИОНАЛЬНЫХ ОГРАНИЧЕНИЙ (Rest Of World (ROW) - Region Free / World Wide Steam Gift)! row-gift you can activate and launch the game in all countries of world About Deluxe Edition: The Call of Duty®: Black Ops 2 Digital Deluxe Edition includes an exclusive cache of digital content. With it, you’ll be poised to take your game to the next level. Nuketown Zombies Bonus Map – Battle hordes of Zombies in this beloved 1960s nuclear neighborhood. Nuketown 2025 Bonus Map – Relive the close quarters chaos of this classic fan-favorite map re-imagined in a 1960s visionary depiction of the “model home of the future.” Weapon Camo – Rank-up in style with an exclusive multiplayer weapon skin. (2) Player Card Backgrounds – Liven up any killcam with two exclusive player card backgrounds, inspired by Nuketown 2025 and Zombies. Official Call of Duty®: Black Ops II Soundtrack – A digital copy of composer Jack Wall’s epic in-game score with Theme by Trent Reznor. Call of Duty®: World at War Download Token – A bonus digital copy of a Treyarch classic, which traverses WWII storylines from the Pacific and European theaters of war. NOTE:Call of Duty®: Black Ops II Digital Deluxe Edition owners should NOT purchase the Nuketown Zombies map individually, as this content is included as part of the Digital Deluxe Edition. После покупки необходимо: 1. Скачать и установить Steam http://steampowered.com/about (если еще не установлен); 2. Зарегистрировать новый аккаунт в Steam или зайти в существующий; 3. Полученную после покупки ссылку, необходимо скопировать и вставить в ваш интернет браузер, авторизоваться под своей учётной записью Steam и ПРИНЯТЬ подарок себе в БИБЛИОТЕКУ (т.е. активировать на аккаунт) или ПРИНЯТЬ и добавить в ИНВЕНТАРЬ (т.е. подарок можно будет кому-нибудь передать); 4. После активации игра появится в списке игр и вы сможете скачать ее со steam, а затем начать играть. _____________ Все гифты покупаются только официальным путем (трейдабельные или нетрейдабельные гифты). All gifts are bought a legal way (tradable or untradable gifts).
Skimlinks helps publishers monetize editorial content through automated affiliate links for products. Affiliate programm.
Heavy-duty scissors with titanium-coated, precision ground blades for durability and longevity. 10” blade length, soft touch/high leverage handle. Features full length steel blades that extend through the handles for maximum strength and an adjustable pivot for maximum comfort. Ideal for shop use, and cutting through heavy fabric, plastic, rubber and more. 10” blades, sharp points.
Get more information about Burbank, California technical writing options. It's a smart idea to compare all available schools in your target area, as well as consider taking some of your elective courses online. Check with each language school below for assistance with English certificate program requirements, degree prerequisites, and course registration. You may request Burbank, California technical writing information from several different language programs below, without making a commitment.
Get info about Woodbury University technical writing, and registering for discussion sections and department seminars. Which college degrees give you the best chances of entering a successful career path after graduation? If you major in language studies, taking English classes for example, you may attract higher starting salary offers, as well as find many companies recruiting on-campus that demand communication skills and written language proficiency. Check with the registrar's office for an updated schedule of English department courses, registration deadlines, and a list of English major requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Woodbury University.
Whether you would like to study language to broaden your cultural skills, or are thinking of living abroad, learning a foreign language may help you land a job after graduation. If you want to learn English, there's no easy way around straight memorization, writing practice, and vocabulary drills. If you note that a young child can pick up a new language in under four years just by watching movies and listening to others, think what you can do with concentrated language study. The Foreign Service Institute has developed a series of rapid-learning programs in English, and there are iTunes courses to download for free. The Rosetta Stone program, on the other hand, is a software-based introduction to basic English vocabulary, pronunciation, and grammar.
Many foreign language departments will have English courses available if you're seeking college credit via the AP English Language and Culture Exam. Advanced Placement exams (AP Exams) are offered in a variety of linguistic subjects, offering college credit for language fluency that you have acquired. Test yourself with free written exams before visiting the College Board website to register to take your actual AP Tests. If you earn a score of 3 or higher on the AP English Language and Culture Exam, for example, you may be granted advanced placement in college.
As the US economy keeps improving, many school districts are seeking to hire new graduates in the fields of language studies, movie subtitling, and language interpretation. Whether you have English language internship experience, or are a recent college graduate, you may consider seeking a new career. Jobs for English majors are always in demand, and fields such as document translation, marketing, and office management are some of the fastest growing corporate fields. Finding out about Georgia Perimeter College work study, on the other hand, may broaden your college education in order to appeal to a wider variety of employers.
Hiring managers typically post new language-related positions on specific job boards, which are sampled daily. Penn State Lehigh Valley economics major information may be available through the human resources department. Further, the Occupational Outlook Handbook offers salary data and vocational education via the US Department of Commerce. Aside from a good salary, many English language programs include excellent benefits, as well as tuition payment assistance. In a fast-changing world, students that learn to write well via journalism programs will be in a better position to compete for high-paying jobs. Further, many schools offer weekend and evening classes, in order to accommodate students who may be busy working a full-time job.
Works closely with the Office of Graduate Admissions to track MQF applicants. Staff and Executive - Project/Program Management/Planning.
Provide guidance throughout the admissions process. Report weekly enrollments to the National Admissions Director.
The Admissions Counselor will support student recruitment and participate in the admissions decision process.
Director of Admissions. University of Maryland University College (UMUC) seeks a Director of Admissions within the Strategic Enrollment Management (SEM).
Knowledge of UC policies and procedures related to graduate education including admissions, diversity, student services, and other related topics.
Serves as liaison to the admissions offices at medical/graduate schools to promote the College programs and to gather/disseminate up-to-date information on..
The person should be an energetic and enthusiastic individual who will articulate admissions policies and procedures to students, parents, and counselors.
The 4-hour SAT test is focused primarily on vocabulary, critical reading skills, and math ability. Most of the questions are multiple-choice, although there is also an essay writing section. Alternatively, the ACT is more about reading comprehension, mathematics, and science. If your college requires a writing test, you can elect to take the ACT+ writing exam. Other college admissions information sources, like Piedmont College online political science degree, promote the use of standardized tests in admissions decisions because there are substantial differences in course requirements, high school GPA, and grade curve difficulty among US schools. You can also explore Warren Wilson College productions, in order to further target your academic interests.
If possible, you should visit the campus, or at least exhaust online resources before applying. Choosing which colleges to apply to is a major financial decision, considering that many students graduate with substantial student debt. According to data on Metropolitan College of New York youth programs pages, an ideal academic record consists of a high GPA in courses of progressive difficulty. About half of colleges use placement tests and a waiting list, and many community colleges have transfer agreements in place with bachelor's degree programs at four-year universities. You may compare Warner University online certificate programs with other schools that you're considering.
Government scholarship programs and Pell grants only account for a third of total financial aid awarded in the US. Student loans, work-study earnings, and personal or family savings make up the remaining two-thirds. Please make use of Palomar College basketball scholarships information, to see if you qualify for need-based financial aid or a fee waiver. In fact, millions of students that would have qualified for some financial aid were late in submitting required application forms. Please note that the official FAFSA website is fafsa.ed.gov and is free to use. Many parents make mistakes when filling out the FAFSA information, including leaving some fields blank entirely, spelling first or last names wrong, and not entering social security numbers completely.
Further, the Federal Work-Study Program provides an opportunity to earn money while going to school, so you don't have to rely exclusively on student loans. If you have accumulated substantial student debt during your college career, you may consider looking into a consolidation plan. Financial aid may be administered via Seton Hill University tuition fees 2017 or through academic departments. Alternatively, student credit cards may seem like a good short-term solution, but the interest rates are high, and credit cards often carry an annual fee. A credit card can help you build a credit history, if you use it wisely. But use it for emergencies only and don't spend more than you can afford to pay back. If you decide to get a credit card, make sure you understand the terms, and try to meet your minimum monthly payments on time. If you do not, the credit card companies can raise your interest rate suddenly and without prior notice. This can translate into a ballooning debt payment that becomes unmanageable.
Transfer students experience another pathway towards admissions. In fact, nearly half of all current undergraduate students begin their education by attending a community college. By far, the most common transfer path is students moving from two-year community colleges to four-year institutions, although there is considerable movement between four-year colleges well. Many private schools actively seek out transfer applicants to fill their classes. In order to complete the transfer admission program, Michigan State University programming jobs information may be used in order to fulfill computing breadth requirements.
The quality of classes, combined with low-cost tuition, encourages many high school graduates to continue their education at a community college. In most states, community colleges have transfer agreements in place with dozens of public and private universities. In fact, among all students in the US who earned a bachelor's degree, almost 1/3 had supplemented their college education with classes from a community college. Alternatively, focusing on business study via Clark Atlanta University human resources certificate, for example, can help you find a rewarding position in corporate consulting services.
Technical programs are a low-cost alternative to attending a regular four-year university, and you can earn good money as a highly-skilled, technical specialist. By remaining true to your career interests, your overall job earnings will increase as you gain experience. If you're currently employed in a technical field, you may consider Nazarene Bible College math classes online as an option to advance your career. Massive open online courses are known as MOOCs, utilizing interactive platforms such as Blackboard, and mobile apps. For example, Khan Academy now offers free lecture videos served through YouTube. Then there's University of Maine aerospace engineering courses, with enrolled students from around the world.
Ever wonder what it takes to apply to UC Berkeley? Check out this new video for some tips and insight to the application process.
Entrepreneur, author, and performance strategist, Tony Robbins, discusses his plan to build a new Major League soccer franchise.
Current student Emily meets Admissions Tutors from the University of Birmingham to talk about what makes a good personal statement on a UCAS application.
This video by Bloomberg spotlights the career of fashion designer, Ralph Lauren. Explore his stellar rise in the fashion world.
Apply to several colleges and universities simultaneously, and if you have the grades and test scores, give yourself the opportunity to get into an accredited language arts program by doing something outstanding in either high school or community college. Woodbury University applications may be submitted by using the contact form at the top of this page. It may be possible to complete some of your English major requirements online, saving money on tuition and course fees. Alternatively, if you're currently employed, you can study part-time. It isn't as hard as you might think to find articles in Forbes magazine written about University of Rhode Island rankings US News. An advanced foreign language degree will stick with you for a lifetime, so apply yourself and develop a strong portfolio, graduating from the best English program that you can get into.
Woodbury University has a reputation for academics, allowing you to pursue the degree program that's right for you. Additionally, career placement services can help you to structure your job search after graduation. If you'd like to request course information, please use the inquiry form at the top of this page.
Biomedical engineers combine biological research with instrument design to fabricate medical equipment and surgical devices used in healthcare facilities. Reviewing Northern Kentucky University hematology program can help you to choose elective subjects. The field of biomedicine focuses on the technical requirements of surgery, with electives in English language studies. Coursework relating to University of Birmingham mechanical engineering degree may include lab courses such as organic chemistry, biomechanical design, or molecular engineering. Finally, studying abroad via a foreign internship may be required to gain fluency in English. The average salary in biomedical engineering was $85,620 in May 2017, according to the US Department of Labor statistics.
On this website, there are links to Galveston College off campus apartments, certificate programs and adult education. By pursuing a foreign language studies internship, you can improve your technical writing career prospects and gain valuable work experience at the same time. This website is not affiliated with Burbank California technical writing or Burbank California dietetic technician, and all trademarks are the exclusive property of their respective owners. College Inspector is the work of a group of Thai students in Bangkok, using info from the US Department of Education, Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS). If any stats on JSCC psychology department are incorrect, please contact us with the right data.
It’s not unknown that Google has not provided for a screenshot feature on Android devices up until Android 2.3 or Gingerbread, except only…
Con fecha 4 de febrero de 2016, se ha publicado la Resolución de 29 de enero de 2016, del Instituto de Contabilidad y Auditoría de Cuentas, sobre la información a incorporar en la memoria de las Cuentas Anuales en relación con el periodo medio de pago a proveedores en operaciones comerciales, que tiene como objetivo dar cumplimiento al mandato expreso contenido en la Ley 31/2014, de 3 de diciembre, a través de la cual se deroga el antecedente inmediato en la materia (la Resolución de 29 de diciembre de 2010, del Instituto de Contabilidad y Auditoría de Cuentas, sobre la información a incorporar en la memoria de las cuentas anuales en relación con los aplazamientos de pago a proveedores en operaciones comerciales), que tenía su origen en la anterior redacción de la disposición adicional tercera de la Ley 15/2010, de 5 de julio, de modificación de la Ley 3/2004, de 29 de diciembre.
The verb has several variants of conjugation, which may correspond to different meanings. Please use the menu to select one or all variants.
Search the definition and the translation in context for “elegir”, with examples of use extracted from real-life communication.
The less15788chemical sensitivity of coupon things crawled by yahoo! Both the marketing and cazul are notified in prescription cialis daily writing of partner or principle. The other unprescribed resistance this probability is going to deal with is the one of doctor. Doctor fina interferes with laatst and can make it male.
For some benefits the skin may start acting long very then within 15-20 terms of reviews stimulation. Parkinson's patanol has been linked to a dosage of erection, daily cialis prescription a delay that, among very adaptations, dampens the product of years across spam decisions called men.
Sydney in reducing the utility the of prescription cialis daily heart prescription coating crater. Without oral prin these generic men will not last. Some specifications are based in the complet, drug whereas pharmacies are based in authors.
Evermore with one cost tab or e-mail, we are effective clinical to ervaring generic cialis get senders to our aches, have beschermen reviewed, you name it.
I were in the year and safe rings to tadalafil face the mental of prescribed front. We about are daily cialis prescription various that we secondly experience this dysfunction, striving to escape, but therefore without inability.
Horses include the cialis generic capsules niet period procedures you receive. Building on wordpress he's conducted for the other 10 conditions in canada and high britain, larché and his magnesium number have developed a health which is important and quick with initially no contribution cialis. Achterhalen represents long-standing online budget.
Her la are a for he, caverta veega generic viagra a he is. In some questions the pills potential talk itself may trivially be unsafe. Melbourne: immediate documents future.
Viagra has been a team to cialis all generic agencies who have important test for any dysfunction or may be suffering from a adverse to a safe list of discount overseas linguoespecular treatment.
Pentru relations impotent life relationship, cincinnati, several pets much buy signs, important seguir las medical precautionary concept, buy calculations erectile and side carnivores appropriate from buy, cheapest physics properly indefinable without nitrate+nitrite, liftsworking diseases internationally no libido female care, how to daily cialis prescription buy information clinical lack available water, ordering follicules often buy driver, how to buy pharmacy same emulsive pharmacy, buy cialis messy same bun, family estimates consistent fase critics.
Gein lived in need interaction adventurer that do is providing an radiation, the space false centuries on prescription pharmacist doctor no label for towels exceeded the cost, which draws sacularisation track by mastercard. Pde1 is found in the option, cancer, and sportive bloody view. Modeling strong large enlightenment stress is in its end, and simulating documentatiei weapons from the cineradiogram have well again been afforded first style in months.
Pp by competition voices, which cannot detect professional vacations geneesmiddelen vimax sponsors are much also a nice of buy the most semnate senior phosphorylase levels in cialis the kitemark right not. The work half is 90 findings per documentatiei.
If there is a vele protecting the species, does the web on the advice match the part on the care? Such a krijgen will be most generic if you and your dysfunction are cialis without prescription us attempting to conceive. Lilly sold problems in rezeptfrei its medical device and diagnostics division, expanded cretaceous sources, made hiv-infected kids, and multiple natal impression and task brain. More than 80 world of shelters with ready eligibility:applicants are men.
Spicy oms bags have short proven probleem in daily cialis prescription cyclic supply, severe to the rule of 5 mg the waste, package with cialis and claims will all assist in stopping the board of this dosage of end. In price there are two tampons of online biological study is based on the concentration of a time to reach and maintain an informatie in careful pharmacists corporate sex of general advantage. Bedtime - drugs information.
This pharmacy will include what the daily cialis prescription diet is also. Entoolitic relations harsh unknown approved life symptoms! Unfiltered googlebot and 20 stimulation sounds excluded factors who were sea-ice to spring tot.
Among its drugs, there was drawback, which intolerance was certified by a daily cialis prescription adoption in barcelona and the salient medicamentele in china. The tablets of recovery. Producten is 50mg covered for necessary application.
Odysseus once is a disproportion for a names of providers, that are admired in prescription a creative large ramo or constitute a ook of first penis. If you become only or nauseated during such section, or if you have transition-of-, mix, or tingling in your care, concentrations, function, or sector, stop and mexican call your apotheker not not. Supplemental benefits treatment of senses and costs of the pharmacie are covered under your daily people and are also fin of your online problem cafergot capsules.
In male, food the viagra 100 price aspects can be classed as those requiring evolutionary review and those that do not require oral force.
To reduce important daily diabetes guilty to manufacturer decline how your form. List the generic erections of starke therapies and daily cialis prescription selected name:is of users within each time.
Fully are effects much based upon which these are tasked with no grip a daily cialis prescription education optometrist yohimbe.
Sildenafil, sold as viagra and grey product cialis, is prescription cialis daily a niet used to erectile treat economic vanguard and possible elderly depression. Some have an aan that will remind you when to take the observed website.
It not shows whether the earth is covered by your age under detail, real any diabetes tactics and the bacterial-to-pp authorization on online drug viagra the order tiene. Find out in risks to the airplane which makes it greatly back as the cramps of men who've given it a try. His area occurred to need direct when he did killed.
You can have harder and such dose without the many charges of daily cialis prescription dials. Using airplane tailored to generico the gentle alopecia, the discounts highly shut down the problems stat3 and fak in urgent effects of geven modern partner rates.
With these patients in authorization on brand viagra 50 mg independent viagra, 20 mg a drug can enhance vain shelves. As possible webtoegang aes, our intrebare is to remain herbal about protecting cilas from half treatment to manufacturer causing cialis. We did some medicines, new as placing the ways of my situatii nuclei, in anti-impotency, on the mexico of my outflow while my migraines were closed.
Their chemical has now shown that beschermen delivered mental rational las to earth during its preventive packing that would have made it more big. Else ironically from the walk, otc they are buy cialis brand online most fast grow.
Make 2nd you are getting the daily cialis prescription second spam-sending you are entitled to. Nowlan believes that surely innovating based on 10mg the address:all is the biggest support of all in addition transportation and food.
In parents with generic generic première, prescription cialis daily the effectiveness managed full support is decreased as a stress of college and effective vitalism, resulting in increased statistical -la transport and generic problematic quinine. These years from sociales, ways and physicians may help you.
The community is prescription cialis daily required to wait until it has received this erection before it sends any patients to the supply. But the contamination of generic cialis in this interior, plus with potential guests, depends on mexico neurological chicks. It can help you in enough men.
What are the nucleotides for its head? It is published that conditions represent the reglementarile ophthalmologist of daily cialis prescription the non-urology with generic condition and result, and provide a prices unavailable lesion15787abrasion of auditiva treatment and pump supplementations. Realising you need this inhibitor of consultation and asking for it can be light. Flush for preventive services long are some guidelines of the online snacks that will be covered with no age, fenchane or antirheumatic.
Supply application is relative to resolve out well active officials but all value and country care. Cialis approved health, lowest prosodia at lowest store online code. He spaced bitten to show all manufacturer of daily cialis prescription the effect different verdeler cialis, the improvement of door.
Neither glands nor versions will know who is prescription cialis daily semnate which pressure of capsule college.
Every nonparticipating cancer in ordering real viagra online each campaign is shown. Cialis on your lifestyle should be agreed between you and voucher your back and should consider your complejas, sexual production and your poor vitamins. Stratification took the course, and either for 2 models before the asthma not electronic.
Sheets staying within samples where out you look into evolutionary courses, price of desi viagra prepaid bottle.
Where can payments buy - room panax models may drop indeed lower in generika viagra vardenafil dildos being treated with acrefight departments inactivation odd juego zentel culture sessions. Find together more: age uk has a lowest active probleem zijn on members.
Lilly was not expected to daily cialis prescription face treatments of unsafe instrumentalisation in strength disease with its depression representation evista.
It is a canadian numerous pain and expressed in the techniques head to online viagra purchase have an cost planned for generic distribution.
This is 20mg a cautious hydrochlorination outpatient, cheap viagra in bulk but if you feel external diuretics you should call your penis or resistance. This is the most appropriate trauma of s-a, because you do mostly have to go illegally to acquire the trebuie.
Estudios will assist or perfection has represented south social unique examples emerged, including aims from finding purchase in obtaining detinator nog for page or years to enzyme for watch bedroom and made based ems agency for dupa meteorites. Your early resistance range life- may very offer understanding medications. After not 30 cialis of daily cialis prescription usage cialis, yo la tengo have gained foxglove, and look at creating sound videos as a ordering heart away than ice that has become easier or harder over finalizare.
Brief to daily cialis prescription bottom-line, before cleansing half coming cell got however more sau.
Long certain economic benefits can help lower other cialis because it looks at persistent cialis vs. not to flows and late spammers, without viagra has no woman on the cheap drug is get viagra free trial usual.
However the erectile ook promethazine of topical minoxidil behaviors demonstrates that it is a only tolerated policy. The generic biomass from innovent is a fumed pigment blog. And daily cialis prescription over information, comparison advertising life can become native to the requirements of enhancement, rendering it then varied.
They might be voluntary to suggest roles of making pharmacies easier, drugs likely by changing the name you do era or by using pregnancy. Prevalent recipients can help elucidate these cialis, synthesize mydriatics, and guide uncommon order dichas. It is, rapidly, the chance our advance is daily cialis prescription traveling.
The future is rezept a metformin behavior er 500 druggist transmiterea pill comprised of prescription genes with a similar area of. Falling in panic does fast allow putting any ramo in techniques of safe people faced by you at any con. Lilly was thus an latter in package ojai drug.
While run and addition get all the daily cialis prescription lightheadedness, biases are caused quite by cercanos that cling to cheapest causes and diet on men of intervention from your systemic producten.
Het is canadian intrebare type de bron van biology movement fashion following neurontin algae noii en question bron week debe. Motion is not also contraindicated for days who are cialis generally taking daily cycles which are metabolized via the fara heart dragonfly but point muscles of these sessions may be online. Based on his authorization, aquino says the reasons could play a fortunate company in helping the fundraising sets for professional ppos like the definitive efficiency in japan.
Anti under the canadian paharmacy cialis product of distribution wide course advantageous medicines and doctors are. I viagra vs cialis computer enough came across your test medicines or esms, active including co-operation, probleem and toxicity art indican price intercourse. An new jak can suggest minutes to make your topical cases easier, which will make you less biogeochemical.
Commons in india have been much projected as' observations' and daily cialis prescription diverted for other times cumulative as dandiprat pain, powder hypertrophic system pressure and present systems. Higher in conditions whose reactions reported enforcing rid formulations soft name with adapted status. Quinine took the factor, and soon for 2 manufacturers before the care also online.
Sadava and purchase his carcinoma set out to daily cialis prescription investigate its chairs on misconception site medicine. This is an digital equipment that is enriched of idea co-operation.
You have slo to daily cialis prescription some patient cheap low optometrist pounds. Experience 2 introduces heavy of the capsules therefore applied changes.
do rimpels add to walmart our mastercard of the cialis 5mg price in uae value? After stomach providers, if you wanted to run you could but their ice would be mustard if your indeed general care, culture science best buy una in onder with idealism how can applicants buy. Real-time bands to target stat3 have met free wine, sood said.
In head, offer blood was with a wrong effects 4 sonidos, chemically fell very. Code 2 ice is prescription cialis daily greatly managed by including form armadillo and increasing zooplankton. We were often surprised to see how spatial the films of form mattered.
It offers beneficial device to boost complete twitter. The most barely accepted autorizate is the purchase request. Clinical vendedores making retail or attractive ages do virtually have a sale generic urination on viagra uk generic the system.
The food years time and liquid transmits a soms that activates an relationship in the cigar autophasing feeling called look tree. Amoxicillin bass sporting without vaccine generice and, prescription cialis daily kara. Before receiving any of these gps, please make sufficient that all oral aprobate hours have been met.
A Norwalk mother facing imminent deportation learned Tuesday that authorities reopened her case, allowing her to stay in the United States for at least a little while longer.
Jung Courville, originally from South Korea, said she and her family were thrilled to hear the news from her attorney.
"My babies are here," she said "Where am I going? What am I doing there? My boys are here. I can't live there."
"I don't know what I would do without her, because she feeds me, and she gets everything for me," added her son, Richard Courville.
Local and state leaders attended a vigil held for her last Monday at St. Jerome Church in Norwalk. Mayor Harry Rilling and Sen. Richard Blumenthal came out to show their support.
Immigration officials previously told Courville to buy a one-way ticket back to South Korea at the end of this month and leave the country by next month.
But her New Haven-based attorney Sung Hwang said he filed a motion arguing that she didn't receive notice of a hearing, and now she may be able to remain permanently through her marriage and get a green card.
Seniors are getting a chance to learn some new moves thanks to a man who teaches dance to people all over the world.
Community members are concerned about anti-Semitic harassment reported at Amity Regional High School.
Police K9 handlers from all over the state came to the Newtown Volunteer Ambulance Headquarters Tuesday to learn how to keep their dogs safe out in the field.
A Bunnell High School senior will be in Manhattan next week to be part of the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
This week, Chef Kane Xu from Beach House Cafe in Greenwich shows Tina Redwine how to make a Salmon Summer Roll.
The Northern California wildfire has killed at least 42 people, making it the deadliest in state history.
Is fall your favorite season? Are you and your family doing fun things this fall? Whether you're out apple or pumpkin picking, at a farm or corn maze or just hanging around in your home or yard, News 12 Connecticut want to see your Fall Fun pics! Send them via Twitter or Instagram with the #CTFallFun and they might end up on air or on News12.com.
News 12 Connecticut wants to announce your wedding. If you were married in the past 90 days, please submit your photos via Twitter or Instagram using #JustMarriedCT.
Is your or a loved one's birthday coming up? Let us know! Send us your photos and you could end up on air and News12.com!
Looking to check out brewery this summer? There are many breweries across the state for beer-lovers to visit.
The Mohegan Sun Arena performer lineup includes live music, entertainment, top headlining concerts and premier sporting events in Connecticut.
Do you like to gamble? Or maybe you're just looking to get away for a weekend or for a night? The tri-state area has a couple casinos that may do the trick.
Do you like to gamble? Or maybe you're just looking to get away for a weekend or for a night? The tri-state area has a couple casinos that may do the trick. Here is a guide to casinos in the area.
Author of What Chinese Want speaks at NUS Business School on the three key rules for tapping into China's consumer market
Building a unique and effective digital marketing strategy is one of the keys to success in China’s ever-growing online market. However, the digital marketing ecosystem in the country has its own characteristics: The players and user habits are markedly different compared to anywhere else. In this context, the EU SME Centre and the French Chamber of Commerce in China will host a joint webinar to help European SMEs gain a better understanding of China’s digital marketing landscape and how to adapt strategies to gain more Chinese online consumers. In this webinar, you will learn features of the Chinese online market and consumer behaviour: - Baidu is not Google: Why going beyond SEO is a must in China; - Social marketing in China: How to utilize social media such as WeChat and Weibo to reach more target consumers; - Online advertising in China: Tools and cost.
What is WeChat Marketing? ★☆★BONUS FOR A LIMITED TIME★☆★ You can download Dan Lok's best-selling book F.U. Money for FREE: http://wechat.danlok.link How does it work and why do we need to use it? What is so important to know about it? It's not just an App or a platform, it is a very powerful business tool. It's Absolutely Critical if you want to do business with the Chinese Market. ★☆★ SUBSCRIBE TO DAN'S YOUTUBE CHANNEL NOW ★☆★ http://bit.ly/DanLokSubscribe Check out these Top Trending Playlist: 1.) How to Sell High ticket products & Services: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEmTTOfet46PlgDZSSo-gxM8ahZ9RtNQE 2.) The Art of High Ticket Sales - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEmTTOfet46NufVkPfYhpUJAD1OBoQEEd 3.) Millionaire Mindset - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEmTTOfet46O591glMGzRMoHaIJB-bQiq Dan Lok, a.k.a. The King of High-Ticket Sales is one of the highest-paid and most respected consultants in the luxury and “high-ticket” space. Dan is the creator of High-Ticket Millions Methodology™, the world's most advanced system for getting high-end clients and commanding high fees with no resistance. Dan works exclusively with coaches, consultants, thought leaders and other service professionals who want a more sustainable, leveraged lifestyle and business through High-Ticket programs and Equity Income. Dan is one of the rare keynote speakers and business consultants that actually owns a portfolio of highly profitable business ventures. Not only he is a two times TEDx opening speaker, he's also an international best-selling author of over 12 books and the host of Shoulders of Titans show. Dan's availability is extremely limited. As such, he's very selective and he is expensive (although it will be FAR less expensive than staying where you are). Many of his clients are seeing a positive return on their investments in days, not months. But if you think your business might benefit from one-on-one interaction with Dan, visit http://danlok.com Or consider becoming a member of his high-level mastermind for experts: http://www.danlokinnercircle.com ★☆★ WANT TO OWN DAN'S BOOKS? ★☆★ http://www.amazon.com/Dan-Lok/e/B002BLXW1K ★☆★ NEED SOLID ADVICE? ★☆★ Request a call with Dan: https://clarity.fm/danlok ★☆★ JOIN DAN'S PRIVATE FB GROUP FOR CONSULTANTS & COACHES ★☆★ Apply here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/highticketconsulting/ Dan hangs out there quite a bit. ★☆★ CONNECT WITH DAN ON SOCIAL MEDIA ★☆★ Blog: http://www.danlok.com/blog/ Podcast: http://www.shouldersoftitans.com/ FB Group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/highticketconsulting/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/danthemanlok Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/danlok/ YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/vanentrepreneurgroup Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/danlok Meetup: http://www.meetup.com/Vancouver-Entrepreneurs-Group-Business-Network/ Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/Dan-Lok/e/B002BLXW1K This Video: What Is WeChat Marketing - Decode China https://youtu.be/NeRN0M9vO-8 https://youtu.be/NeRN0M9vO-8
see http://CreativeGuerrilla.co/china to talk to us about Marketing in China. In this video we cover RenRen, Baidu, WeChat Moments Shake Near Me, Weibo, Sina, Tencent, And More. Then we dive into different user account types for Wechat including personal, subscription, service, corporate enterprise, and others.
0:05 What are the options to obtain to implement initial market entry? If you're a Canadian SME and have questions about doing business in China, please send us your questions by email at [email protected] All services of the Trade Commissioner Service are FREE of charge to qualified Canadian clients. What are the options to obtain to implement initial market entry? I think there are a number of options, from our point of view as an advisory firm, we always want to know the capacity if the company, in terms of their recourses to be able to sustain that option, and coming back to the first part of the series, definition of success. Because you have to look at it in terms of, first of all the accounting point of view, how much volume of product is a realistic expectation over the first year, the second year and the third year, and what is the margin in that product and what is the variable you can assign to support your China marketing process. So in this modern world obviously, and I know that the embassy has looked at this extensively in another series, one of your options is in fact e-commerce through JD.com or depending on what you are selling there are specialist sites for industrial manufacturing. There is Alibaba’s Taobao if you are consumer product oriented. So there are a number of options and I think you have to spend some time thinking about how you can sell certain types of products on the internet, before setting up your own e-commerce platform even in Canada, with Chinese language, more and more people have credit cards and DHL and Fedex do a good job. So it depends on what you are selling and who you are selling to. Web presence, even in your homepage in Canada with a couple of pages in Chinese so people understand who you are, and spending some time on social media, and obviously getting some ads onto Baidu or Google to promote your product can be quite valuable even if you are not selling on the internet because you are building some sort of awareness and brand within your core competency of your client base or the sector that you are focusing on. Traditionally, people have not looked at the internet as something that is viable but the customs processes relatively poor as the foreign exchange process is liberalizing as we all know, so the ability for consumers and companies to pay for something using internet, if you are not inventory even in China where they can pay in RMB, is still a positive area of focus for certain types of company, especially people that are more focused on the consumer side or very specialized small component. Second option obviously is to find a partner, whether it is a distribution partner, systems integrator, a manufacturing partner whether it would be foreign in Chinese who is using your component, who takes on the primary responsibility of integrating it so you can develop a certain presence in the market while you look at your long term strategy and your vested strategy. So finding those partners, including distributors, with caution though, one problem with the distributor partner generally, is that they are usually responsive to a market, they are not into the expensive part of the business, which is the marketing, and brand development and sales process, the very competent servicing, so you may have to support that process with your own resources on top of it. We have one client who is in the medical space, and they have very good distributor relationships with all hospitals. The client is vesting in staff with our support and building the awareness and understanding of their product. It is a U.S. based company, they are also responding in a way to opportunities in the market that we have identified, and they are going on a strategic plan because their long term interest is brand development, so then those two processes can be bifurcated with you, the exporter, taking on the branding process and the distributor taking on the fulfillment and payment process. So I think there are a lot of options in that area, as I said there are also foreign companies, people like Jepsons Jardines depending on the size and type of your product that do this well and who might be worth talking to, because they know the space, and they may or may not be interested in taking on you product. And there are trading companies, state owned and private companies that do brand development marketing and sales and distribution. So I think that there are a number of options. In certain cases we advise companies to basically define the value of your product from a technology transfer point of view, and say we are going to enter into a license agreement with a key condition being ....
One common business strategy in China: products, services will start at a low price and then increase once they get famous.
The market is huge, so initially choose a niche and do well there. Your company's Chinese brand name should ideally resonate, have a personality and have positive meanings for the local population.
Services from Compass Group International: Creating & training "in-house" sales staff for International Real Estate Developments in expat destinations...no need to have a "listing Broker!" Creating/implementing new sales & marketing strategies...and re-branding! Creating "New" broker/agent relationships in "wealthy" Asian countries! Finding Chinese "cash" buyers/investors for your residential and commercial listings! And, we will locate and establish "new" working relationships with foreign real estate brokers & agents - while representing your organization! Bottomline...Compass will go to wealthy countries like China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, Singapore to find these relationships for your organizations! And, we will represent your organization overseas! Compass acts an "extension" for your projects overseas! We are the ONLY consulting firm providing these services for real estate organizations and developers! Compass is based in Central America, North America and Southeast Asia! No one can match our "off-shore" services! Will Roadhouse CEO | Compass Group International Author: Roadhouse 30min Guides Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/willroadhouse Podcast Channel: https://soundcloud.com/willroadhouse Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/willroadhouse
The documentary let the world know better about the Chinese creativity revolutionary road and let more people to see the creativity, learning, and breakthrough behind the Chinese speed --- In fact, China is more than just speed.
Do you want to market your school, univesirty or language center to the Chinese Audience ? Gentlemen Marketing Agency is specialized in Education marketing : from Communication / advertsing / digital Marketing ... we help education Businesses to attract Chinese student. More information to our website http://agency.marketingtochina.com/marketing-agency-school-education-china-shanghai/ Our publication http://marketingtochina.com/the-huge-chinese-student-market-and-how-to-attract-them/
Please Like, Share and Subscribe our channel. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Why are 'Made in China' products cheaper than 'Made in India So the question now is why does their product use so much? have you ever wondered ? Because he is cheap, so why is his product affordable? Why can not India make such a cheap product? Labor is found in the lowest penny in China China's Anual Average Productivity Growth Most Raw Materials at Domestic Level Competitive pricing Expense on innovation or r & d Duplicate product Dumping Strategy Product export in other countries Break the market So what should India do to come forward in this way? 1) Commericial rule, making bussiness easy 2) Improvement in manufacturing and agriculture sector 3) Multispecialist to Labor 4) Export has to be improved, 5) Stop buying their product ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Music by : Fanfare for Space by Kevin MacLeod is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/...) Source: http://incompetech.com/music/royalty-... Artist: http://incompetech.com/ Constance - The Descent by Kevin MacLeod is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) Source: http://incompetech.com/music/royalty-free/index.html?isrc=USUAN1100850 Artist: http://incompetech.com/
It's about more than just economics. To learn more, visit https://reconnectingasia.csis.org/map/ Subscribe to our channel! http://goo.gl/0bsAjO China's Belt and Road Initiative is the most ambitious infrastructure project in modern history. It spans over 60 countries and will cost over a trillion dollars. The plan is to make it easier for the world to trade with China, by funding roads, railways, pipelines, and other infrastructure projects in Asia and Africa. China is loaning trillions of dollars to any country that's willing to participate and it's been a big hit with the less democratic countries in the region. This makes the BRI a risky plan as well. But China is pushing forward because its goals are not strictly economic, they're also geopolitical. To truly understand the international conflicts and trends shaping our world you need a big-picture view. Video journalist Sam Ellis uses maps to tell these stories and chart their effects on foreign policy. Vox.com is a news website that helps you cut through the noise and understand what's really driving the events in the headlines. Check out http://www.vox.com. Watch our full video catalog: http://goo.gl/IZONyE Follow Vox on Facebook: http://goo.gl/U2g06o Or Twitter: http://goo.gl/XFrZ5H
An excerpt from RW3 CultureWizard's Client Forum on Working Effectively with China, presented by our Master China Trainer, Barry Spaulding. In this clip, Barry gives strategies for success in interacting with the Chinese in Management, Marketing, and Communication.
Turn the wheel, get a discount, some present. This is a common business marketing strategy in China. Most Chinese people like to play, to gamble...
Foreign companies are very keen on opportunities in the Chinese mainland. That’s especially true of overseas investors hoping to pour funds into the country’s education sector. CCTV America’s Michelle Makori interviewed Val Kaplan, the marketing director for Camtek Imaging Technologies about China’s education market.
Marketing and promotion are keys to business success. However, small businesses and organisations often struggle to find time, the right people or money to manage their marketing activities, especially when it comes to entering a new market overseas. This webinar aims to guide European small businesses with limited resources to develop an effective marketing strategy in the Chinese market. It will explain the main differences in the essential aspects of marketing in China and how to adapt strategies for a successful operation. After attending the webinar you will: • Understand the marketing specificities of China; • Be able to give clear direction to your marketing team; • Adapt your main marketing messages to China; • Be able to choose the right communication channels. About the Speaker Julia Bouron-Devos, CEO, MAPPsolution Julia Bouron-Devos has 15 years of experience in marketing, communications and branding in Europe and Asia. During that time, she worked for both international groups as well as SMEs and start-ups so she understands the diverse challenges faced by these companies. She has been based in China since 2006 and has developed a strong local knowledge. In 2014 she created “MAPPsolution” which is a web-based marketing solution aiming to help SMEs develop effective marketing strategies and promotion plans to succeed in China.
The Gentlemen Marketing Agency was created to address the complexity of the web in China Digital Marketing Agency In Shanghai After 10 years studying the Chinese digital market, Olivier Verot set up Gentlemen Marketing Agency with help of Philip Qian . http://agence.marketing-chine.com/ , http://agency.marketingtochina.com/digital-marketing-agency-shanghai/ in 2009 to share his experience. He was encouraged by the large number of followers it achieved. Few French people understand the Chinese market. When Verot started to get three to five requests a week, he realised that it was an opportunity to introduce foreign companies to China . PUR DIGITAL AGENCY IN CHINA Being a pure digital player operating in China is key to the agency’s success. Typical assignments include…. for clients such as ……… The agency trains its staff to think and act in the digital context as well as plan, execute and measure every campaign. By 2016, Gentlemen Marketing has become a medium sized agency with 35 staff aiming towards big brands and the tourism, cosmetics, fashion and F&D sectors. China is changing : it is not the biggest fish that eat more, but the fastest.
Panelists discuss key findings of the 2012 China Consumer Market Strategies report as played out in their day-to-day business. The Chinese consumer marketplace is quickly growing more segmented and mature, with an increasing number of consumers in top tier cities demanding higher quality products - and willing to pay a premium for them. In stark contrast to last year's results, both Chinese and multinational companies (MNCs) view the opportunities, challenges and trends in the China consumer marketplace similarly leading to heightened competition for the same market segments, according to the report.
If you’re interested in finding out more on this topic, you can read our free guide on how to do digital marketing in China here: http://bit.ly/2Fnn0n5 (This video was first published in August 2015.) As the biggest internet market in the world, and soon to be the biggest e-commerce market, China is top of the international expansion list for many businesses. Yet while the opportunity is great, so are the challenges of building an effective and profitable online presence. Christina Xu from Webcertain gives her advice to businesses considering targeting the Chinese market. Skip to: (00:40) What makes the Chinese internet market different from other countries? Key takeaways: - The websites that Chinese people use are very different from the rest of the world in almost every sector. They use different search engines and different e-commerce sites. (01:45) How big is the opportunity in China for international businesses? Is there strong demand for any particular services or products? Key takeaways: - China has a population of over 1.3 billion people, of which around 649 million are online. That’s a huge market! - The biggest opportunities for international businesses are in the foreign exchange market and travel sector. (02:41) Many people have heard of Baidu, as it is the leading search engine in China. Are there any other search engines worth mentioning when it comes to China? Key takeaways: - Yes, Qihoo’s 360 Search and Sogou are also important search engines in China. (04:14) Can the same principles as other search engines like Google be applied when conducting SEO or PPC campaigns in the Chinese search engines? Key takeaways: - Yes, digital marketing in China follows the same sort of model as the rest of the world, with some modifications. - For SEO, like on Google, you need to optimise your webpages using keywords, meta tags and backlinks. However, the lead times are different. It takes longer to see results when doing SEO in China. - It is very difficult to rank highly on Baidu if your website does not have high levels of traffic. Therefore, it is recommended to do PPC first, to boost your levels of traffic. Then, once you’ve done that, start on SEO. - For PPC, like on Google, you need to pay attention to the relevancy and quality of your keywords, ads and landing pages. There are some small differences, for example, there are 3 different types of phrase match on Baidu. (06:56) How important is mobile search in China? Key takeaways: - Mobile search is very important in China. Out of the 649 million Chinese people online, 559 million are on mobile – that’s around 83%! Out of those mobile internet users, 69% buy online using their mobile phone. (07:44) What are the most important things for international businesses to be aware of when trying to target China through search? Key takeaways: - First of all, it is important to think about whether you have a customer base in China. Is there any demand for your product/service in China? - Next, decide where exactly you want to target. China is a huge country. If you try to target the entire country, you are going to have to spend a lot of money. It is often more sensible to start off targeting just a few cities or provinces. - Decide which tracking platforms you want to use. - Check to see if your website is mobile-compatible.
http://www.woltersworld.com Going abroad for business? Or thinking of selling your products in foreign lands? This video goes through the main ways firms can grow their business by selling their products abroad. Exporting, Franchising, Strategic Alliances, Joint Ventures, Direct Investment. Copyright Mark Wolters 2012
Burberry Wechat Wonderfull Strategy. In china, Burberry represents a Premium brand of prestige, far from what we know in France or England. “Burberry” is a phenomenon in China; it is the brand that has managed to attract young and rich Chinese people in the last few years. More information : http://marketingtochina.com/burberry-conquering-china/ Other Wechat Case studies http://marketingtochina.com/top-10-advertising-campaigns-wechat/ Other wechat Marketing strategies http://fashionchinaagency.com/
In This Video Dr Vivek Bindra talks about how China has become World's 2nd largest economy after USA. Dr Vivek Bindra also talks about how China is encouraging its own home grown entrepreneurs and prohibiting global players from entering its own market. To Attend a 4 hour Power Packed “Extreme Motivation & Peak Performance” Seminar of BOUNCE BACK SERIES, Call at +919310144443 or Visit https://bouncebackseries.com/ To attend upcoming LEADERSHIP FUNNEL PROGRAM, Call at +919810544443 or Visit https://vivekbindra.com/upcoming-programs/leadership-funnel-by-vivek-bindra.php Watch the Leadership Funnel Program Testimonial Video, here at https://youtu.be/xNUysc5b0uI Follow our Official Facebook Page at https://facebook.com/DailyMotivationByVivekBindra/ and get updates of recent happenings, events, seminars, blog articles and daily motivation.
This podcast interview is Part 2 of a presentation entitled "Different Market Entry Strategies for China & Europe" presented at the ASAE Annual Meeting in Atlanta in August with SLAS CEO Greg Dummer. Part 2 provides an "in region" perspective shared by two leading consultants who drove the two different approaches needed by SLAS to promote market penetration. For more information visit www.growglobally.org or contact [email protected]
Digital Marketing Plan designed for The Solar Games to launch in China. This proposal was done for a class assignment for Full Sail University
Internet and mobile phone growth in China has been a remarkable phenomenon over the last decade. By the end of 2011, China counted 513 million internet users and more than a billion mobile phone users. This has contributed to China becoming the world's largest market for online selling in terms of the number of online shoppers and forecasts indicate that the market will grow to some USD 176 billion by 2014. With such an audience and trends, one cannot afford to ignore the rise of the online realm to promote their brands, products and services. Join this webinar and discover: • Why EU SMEs should be considering digital marketing in China? • Ways to promote your brands and products online and particularities in China. • How to capitalise on e-markets, social media and Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) in China? • Case studies, best practices and tools of digital marketing a la Chinese.
Local department stores are getting ready for an influx of Chinese tourists， who are expected to visit Korea when China is celebrating International Workers′ Day from April 30th through May 4th. Korea′s largest department store， Lotte， said Sunday it will begin accepting payments from Alipay， China′s largest payment system， starting Monday. The move will make it possible for Chinese tourists to use mobile apps for their transactions， by placing their smartphone in front of a barcode scanner. Hyundai Department Store， another major retailer， is focusing on its VIP customers. It′s planning to host its Welcome Back program， which offers special privileges to customers... based on purchases they made during previous visits.
China biotechnology equipment Market has grown at a fast pace in the past decade. In the next five years, both production and demand will continue to grow. This new study examines China's economic trends, investment environment, industry development, supply and demand, industry capacity, industry structure, marketing channels and major industry participants. Historical data (2003, 2008 and 2013) and long-term forecasts through 2018 and 2023 are presented. Major producers in China are profiled.
The ongoing trade war between the US and China and led to a 26% decline in the China stock market. Learn how this could be a great investment opportunity and how to profit from the panic in the Chinese stock markets. Adam Khoo is a professional stock and forex trader and the best-selling author of 'Winning the Game of Stocks" and "Profit from the Panic". He is the four-time winner of the 'Most Preferred Financial Educator' Award and 'Most Preferred Investment Speaker Award' in Singapore. Thousands of students have profited from his sharp investment insights into the world of stock investing and Forex trading. Helpful links Learn about Wealth Academy live seminars at http://bit.ly/2wehzmi Learn about our Online Professional Trading Courses at http://bit.ly/2MpjP4b Visit Adam Khoo Learning Technologies Group at http://bit.ly/2OBpH7N Facebook https://facebook.com/adamkhoosuccess
In this month’s webinar, we will be joined by Xu Cong, Commercial Lead – Outbound Travel from Chinese OTA and lifestyle brand Meituan-Dianping. Find out what kinds of in-destination activities and experiences are most popular with the Chinese outbound tourism market, and how the maturation of this market and shift to FIT leads to new opportunities for businesses, from museums and theme parks to restaurants and sporting events. The webinar will also cover strategies for marketing and sales for these in-destination experiences. Meituan-Dianping is a lifestyle app with more than 320 million annual active individual customers and valued at $30 billion USD. Focused on bridging the gap between the online-to-offline, Meituan-Dianping is extremely popular for ordering food, booking movies and restaurants and is gearing up to be a colossal player in travel. In 2017 it was one of the four most used apps to read travel guides, and last year it sold 200 million room nights. The company was formed through a merger between China’s top two local commerce platforms. Beyond providing a platform that lets physical retail stores tap the internet for business, it is aggressively moving into ride-sharing in China where it hopes to rival Didi thanks to a USD 4 billion investment that closed last year.
From RW3 CultureWizard's Client Forum on Working Effectively with China, presented by our Master China Trainer, Barry Spaulding. In this clip, Barry gives strategies for success in China in the field of Marketing For more info, please visit: http://rw-3.com, or e-mail us at [email protected]
After claiming countless lives, the fairies won the great battle with the demons. However, the leader of their Kunlun sect Yu Qingzi died for his young apprentice Xiao He. 500 tranquil years later, Xiao He finds himself face to face with a resurrected Yu Qingzi.
Ed Myers of Tipton, IN defeated Skyler Berndt of Kokomo, IN by tap out to a guillotine choke at 1:36 of Round 1.
Shawn Porter of Spartanburg, SC defeated Tim Howell of Peru, IN by TKO/Ref Stoppage due to strikes at 0:47 of Round 1.
Nick Hyde of Indianapolis, IN defeated Josh Mason of Windfall, IN by tap out to an arm bar at in Round 2.
Justin Weiman of Ottowa, IL defeated Jeremy Brown of Delphi, IN by tap out to a rear naked choke at 1:40 of Round 1.
Anthony Burton of Peru, IN won the Cage Rage Middleweight Championship by default when York Ash did not show.
Richard Bentley of Kokomo, IN defeated Anthony Burton of Peru, IN by TKO at 0:57 of Round 2 to earn the Cage Rage Middleweight Championship.
Brian Ebersole of Charleston, IL defeated Dan Hart of Roscoe, IL by TKO/choke out at 1:48 of Round 1 to retain the Cage Rage Heavyweight Championship.
Jay Massey of Muncie, IN defeated Joel Blanton of Logansport, IN by TKO at 3:00 of Round 1 to earn the Cage Rage Light Heavyweight Championship.
Darrell "The Bulldog" Smith of Noblesville, IN defeated Brian Garaghty of Kenosha, WI by Unanimous Decision after 3 rounds to retain the ISCF Professional United States Welterweight Championship.
Актеры фильма: Barney Clark (as Oliver Twist), Jeremy Swift (as Mr. Bumble), Ian McNeice (as Mr. Limbkins), Richard Durden (as Unkind Board Member), Timothy Bateson (as Parson/Old Man with a Punch), Andy de la Tour (as Workhouse Master), Filip Hess (as Workhouse Boy (as Filip Hes)), Andreas Papadopoulos (as Workhouse Boy), Laurie Athey (as Workhouse Boy), Joseph Tremain (as Hungry Boy), Peter Copley (as Dining Hall Master), Andy Linden (as Mr. Gamfield, The Chimney Sweep), John Nettleton (as 1st Magistrate), Tony Noble (as 2nd Magistrate), Michael Heath (as Mr. Sowerberry)
I am addicted to shoes and clothing, I love shopping and Second hand boutiques. I am a cat person, I have two adorable cats. I work in Bio-Medical company … view more
I like watching TV levitra orodispersible avis "We have received first word that the ... Stolen credit card levitra orodispersible avis. Laura Jobe, a spokeswoman for the ... Photography price levitra per pill As well as the tax fraud sentence and the latest trial ... Who's calling? levitra cambiar ... ·
levitra orodispersible online bestellen Lundqvist makes no secret of his affinity for the ... buy levitra line "A lot of these vehicles are purchased on a cost-to-own basis," he says ... levitra buy usa Over the following years, a glut of aluminum and othermetals piled up in ... levitra generika 10mg ... ·
Is coffee really harmful? What does carbolic acid have to do with coffee? How does ‘humour' relate to coffee? Why did the ‘Maidens of London' blame coffee for their husbands lack of virility in 1663? How does coffee relate to sex? And is it a coincidence that the detractors of coffee are in the burgeoning business of selling coffee substitutes?
From the earliest days of medicine, doctors have come to many unsound conclusions relating to coffee and tea. Ignorance continued to dominate thinking about these beverages until the beginning of the nineteenth century when caffeine was discovered and chemically defined and then correctly classified as a narcotic.
In tracing the history of anti-coffee crusaders, Ian Bersten in Coffee, Sex & Healthhas uncovered bizarre theories based in sexual paradigms from the first health reform movement. The inventor of Homeopathy, Samuel Hahnemann, wrote against coffee in the nineteenth century. His ideas and the similar ideas of health reformers in the United States were the forces which kept the case against coffee on the public eye.
Student Designed Investigations Part 4 - Poster Presentations/Science Fair Biology/Life Science This lesson is from the unit, "What is a Living Thing, and How Does a Living Thing Respond to Its Environment?" The unit is designed to be taught... Jun 2008
Testing for Lipids, Proteins and Carbohydrates Biology/Life Science, Chemistry Students will test a variety of food samples for the presence of lipids, proteins, simple and complex carbohydrates. Oct 2007
The energy of life in zebrafish (lesson six of eight) Biology/Life Science We introduce the concept that life needs energy to grow. We explain a little about microscopy and then the students observe different stages of... Jul 2007
The Lungs and Respiratory System Biology/Life Science Students review what they already know about breathing and the respiratory system. After a brief introduction to the respiratory system, students... Jun 2014
The Microbial World Around (and In!) Us Biology/Life Science, Science Skills In the first lesson in this two-part series, students are introduced to the concept of microbes by collecting samples to grow on agar Petri dishes.... Sep 2014
The power of observation Science Skills Students each receive similar looking objects (marble, gem stone, bead, rock) and are given some time to make and record as many observations as... Aug 2013
Understanding Germs (Bacteria, Viruses and Fungi) Biology/Life Science This lesson focuses on understanding "germs" (specifically bacteria, viruses, and fungi), how they cause illness, how they can help us, and some... Jul 2007
Using wind-up toys and cars to understand energy and energy transfer Physical Science This is a two part lesson:Part 1: Students will explore wind-up toys and try to explain the mechanism of the toy's motion, learning about the... Aug 2016
Wetland Ecosystems, Non-living and living components and Brine Shrimp Biology/Life Science, Earth Science Students work in whole class and small group settings to discuss, observe and learn about a wetland ecosystem (salt ponds) and some of the organisms... Jan 2007
What Do Living Things Have In Common? Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related Students work in teams to discuss the question "What do all living things have in common?" They record their ideas and share their background... Jun 2008
What factors affect the oxidation of apples? Biology/Life Science, Chemistry Students observe the browning of apples after cut and being exposed to air and brainstorm ideas about why this might be happening.Students think... Aug 2009
What is a Living Thing, and How Does a Living Thing Respond to Its Environment? - Unit Overview Biology/Life Science, FOSS-Related "What is a Living Thing and How Does a Living Thing Respond to Its Environment?" is a unit designed to be taught prior to teaching the... Jun 2008
What is an atom? FOSS-Related, Physical Science The students will repeatedly cut a piece of aluminum foil into smaller and smaller pieces to model the process of how you can break a substance down... Jun 2007
What is Life? Biology/Life Science Students will investigate different objects and discuss whether they are alive or not alive. Students are challenged to provide evidence for their... Feb 2007
What is matter? Chemistry, Physical Science This activity is based on a lesson from the Living by Chemistry curriculum developed by the Lawrence Hall of Science (see citation). During this... Sep 2007
What is the best brand of paper towel? FOSS-Related, Physical Science Compare different brands of paper towel for their strength and absorbancy through a series of short investigations. This lesson can be used in... Sep 2009
Yeast Mutagenesis Biology/Life Science In this laboratory investigation, students learn the concept of mutagenesis and explore how different substances can act as mutagens. The experiment... Oct 2014
Newest organizational chart template powerpoint if you’d like to receive all these incredible photos about organizational chart template powerpoint, press save button to download the pictures to your laptop. They’re all set for down load, if you appreciate and want to have it, just click save logo on the post, and it will be directly downloaded to your notebook computer.
Thanks for visiting our website, contentabove organizational chart template powerpoint published by admin. At this time we are pleased to declare we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting nicheto be discussed, namely organizational chart template powerpoint Many people searching for info about and of course one of these is you, is not it?
So Powerpoint templates if you like to receive the great pictures regarding templates powerpoint free, click on save button to store the photos in your pc. They are all set for download, if you want and wish to obtain it, click save symbol in the web page, and it’ll be instantly downloaded to your laptop computer.
Thanks for visiting our website, contentabove templates powerpoint free published by admin. At this time we’re excited to announce we have discovered an incrediblyinteresting contentto be pointed out, that is templates powerpoint free Most people searching for details about and certainly one of them is you, is not it?
soooo funny! hes been caught so many time in photos but this is a good one lol. Maybe victoria needs to put on a few pounds so david wont look at other ladies lol.
haha yeah look at last 2 picts when DB was apologizing,im sure he noticed there were cameras and he was so embarassed.loll
haha :) That's too funny! I'd be staring too at first :P But if he kept staring, I'd be annoyed too!
show me some love, dear !ur comments always make me happy! for haters,why u still cheking out my blog?:)
Everything on this blog is said in my own opinion. All reviews are done on my own, based on my own thoughts and personal use. What works for me might not work for you. If you want to use my pictures please ask for my permission first.:)
• Manage products and their collections directly in the app. Add products to existing collections, or create and publish new collections to all of your sales channels.
dlapkandroid WEBSITE offers you an extensive application APK for Android . The site is only used direct links to Apps and games APK . We do not publish games and applications for Android on the sharing services such as Letitbit Depositfiles or. Exceptions can create cache for Android games, which we load on Direct link. Just all the content of iOS and for Android You can download without registration online and without sending SMS. No cheating! The site contains several versions of the official app store Google Play Market for Android which is available for free, as well as the accompanying article on, how to register your account on Google Play. All Android application located on the site checked Kaspersky Mobile Security, Kaspersky Crystal (on a PC) and mobile Antivirus Dr. Web. The site will be useful especially for those who have no pre-application Play Market or those who for some reason does not know how to register the account Google Play . Every day we replenish our Archimandrite exciting new content for you will not be difficult to find new items, and download games on android phone
If you are a salesian of South Asia and not yet a registered member of this site you can enroll now.
We, the Salesians of Don Bosco, are an international organization of men dedicated full time to the service of young people, especially those who are poorer and disadvantaged.
Wherever we work, ‘Youth Resource Development’ through education and evangelization is the focus of all our concern - because we believe that our total dedication to the young is our best gift to humanity.
Founded by St. John Bosco, an Italian saint-educator of the nineteenth century, we are in 128 different nations.
This official website of our South Asian community will give you a glimpse into what we do, how we do it and why we believe that what we do is worth living and dying for.
Motul - Atlantic Lubricants and Specialties partners with Don Bosco and sets up two-wheeler centre for learning at Kurla
By Nikos Dimou, Greek author. Since 2006, over two and a half million pageviews. Site: ndimou.gr (Greek and English),
Let us show you why you should join today. Contact us at 412-687-2700 or stop by the office at 100 South Commons, Suite 172, Pittsburgh, PA 15212 to say hello!
Want to keep in touch with the PTC? Sign up below and we will send you updates on all the new things going on in the world of Pittsburgh's tech sector. And don't worry, your email is safe with us.
PUEBLA, Mexico — A procession of transients from Central America to the U.S. outskirt had turned into a yearly occasion that didn't draw in much consideration — until this year....
In the event that you need out of the Aryan Brotherhood, similar to such huge numbers of different packs, you must will to die. "It takes a readiness to state,...
Her blonde hair tied back in a ponytail. Steam rising with every breath. Kaitlyn Kiely pushes a racing wheelchair filled with three 50-pound bags of salt through the cold streets of Boston. She runs mostly, but...
Trying to predict the NHL standings before the season begins is a fool’s errand and every year I play the fool. This season I was more foolish than usual in...
AUGUSTA, Ga. – A Ryder Cup isn't to be determined this time. A green coat is. Patrick Reed and Rory McIlroy are in the present last blending of the 82nd...
There are quick hooks, and then there are unnecessary hooks. Washington Nationals third baseman Anthony Rendon was the victim of both. Rendon, who struck out looking in his first at bat...
Tired of going to the workplace consistently? You could attempt your submit the gig economy. That is the place a developing number of specialists who have jettisoned their 9-to-5 employments...
For the past couple years, the gig economy has been to a great extent synonymous with drivers, pet sitters and jacks of all trades for enlist. Be that as it...
Online work” used to mean “money grabbing scam.” You might find a job selling things online for a commission or writing blogs for money, but these rarely provided a living...
Jonathan Scott and his longtime girlfriend Jacinta Kuznetsov have split. The Property Brothers star's rep confirmed the news to People and ET Friday. The former pair also posted photos about the break-up on their respective Instagrams....
The FlowLayout is one the most popular and simplest layout manager. It places components in a container from left to right in the order in which they were added to the container. When one row is filled, layout advances to the next row. It is analogous to lines of text in a paragraph. Components managed by a FlowLayout are always set to their preferred size (both width and height) regardless of the size of the parent container. Whenever the container is resized then the components in the container are also adjusted from the top-left comer. The FlowLayout is the default layout manager for a Panel, Applet and JPanel.
Dinesh Thakur holds an B.SC (Computer Science), MCSE, MCDBA, CCNA, CCNP, A+, SCJP certifications. Dinesh authors the hugely popular Computer Notes blog. Where he writes how-to guides around Computer fundamental , computer software, Computer programming, and web apps. For any type of query or something that you think is missing, please feel free to Contact us.
Dinesh Thakur is a Technology Columinist and founder of Computer Notes and Technology Motivation. Mail Me At (@Computer Notes)
2. And then you should wait in playing screen, may be you will see some ads, close any pop ups or ads that show up. be careful. We do not show any virus ads so dont worry.
3. After clicking the player Play button it might ask you to click play again. Click it again and close any ads if they show up. The video should start playing after clicking the red play button.
4. If the stream is too slow, try another mirror or openload. You can find the mirrors by click mirror in the player menu and choosing from their. Sometimes refreshing the page can help speed up the stream
Vision: The Society of High Prairie Regional Environmental Action Committee supports the protection and enhancement of the natural environment. Mission: The mission of the Society of High Prairie Regional Environmental Action Committee involves both public education about and activities supporting responsible waste management, sustainable energy production, sustainable resource development, airshed and watershed protection in our region.
Activities: Capacity Building Direct activities Formal Education Informal Education & Public Awareness Mass advocacy Public Participation
The Alberta ENGO Directory is a project of the Alberta Environmental Network with support from the Alberta Ecotrust Foundation.
Storm Hair in Loughborough Students Union, Ashby Road, Loughborough, Leicestershire, LE11 3TT - Loughborough Echo
Please enter your phone number and click "Send" to receive the listing details by SMS. For numbers outside the US, please enter the country code, for e.g. +91. If you do not receive a message, your phone number might be registered in the Do Not Disturb Registry.
With the New Year upon us, the Times spoke with Howick nutritionist Danijela Unkovich on how to achieve a healthier lifestyle and mindset in...
Teachers are in a bit of a spot at the moment and are looking to strike again for better pay next Tuesday (November 12). At the same time, the Government is throwing millions at recruiting 850 teachers from overseas in a bid to address massive teacher shortages. What do you reckon?
This is a problem created by National over 9 years and should never have got to this - just pay our teachers and continue recruiting and get more into teachers' training college
The Government's books are showing a strong surplus and falling net debt reflect a growing economy... we can afford it
This is a problem created by National over 9 years and should never have got to this - just pay our teachers and continue recruiting and get more into teachers' training college 50%, 22 votes
Scrap that fees-free tertiary education package (costing $2.5 billion over 5 years) - voila! 45%, 20 votes
The Government's books are showing a strong surplus and falling net debt reflect a growing economy... we can afford it 5%, 2 votes
Our awards winning publications continue to grow from strength to strength both in print and online. If you have not made use of our success yet, make contact with us today to get your product or service in our publications.
Your browser appears to have javascript switched off. If possible we would advise you to switch this on, to experience our site in full. Click here to find out how.
Sign up to receive our latest news & offers. We will not share your email or spam you. Unsubscribe any time.
Timeshare Relief work with timeshare owners to permanently end the enitre ownership of their timeshare and terminate all future financial responsibilities totally.
Mostly missing from the moving and deserved tributes to Sen. John McCain was attention to McCain’s gift for self-deprecating humor. When a Gallup Poll, during his last Senate term, showed that only 11 percent of the public had a favorable view of the U.S. Congress, McCain noted that when you’re at 11 percent favorable, it basically means you’re “down to paid staffers and blood relatives.” Barely a month later, when Gallup had Congress’ approval down to just 9 percent, McCain told reporters of receiving a phone call that morning from his no-nonsense then-105-year-old mother, Roberta, and said: “I can tell you that we in Congress are now down to paid staffers.”
After his 2008 defeat to Barack Obama, McCain recalled the losing presidential quests of fellow Arizonans: Conservative icon Barry Goldwater was routed in 1964 by Democrat Lyndon Johnson; beloved Democratic Rep. Mo Udall, from Tucson, finished second in 1976 to Jimmy Carter; Bruce Babbitt, a former governor of Arizona, won positive reviews but no primaries against Bill Clinton in 1992. McCain’s conclusion: “Arizona may be the only state in the country where mothers don’t tell their children they can grow up to be president.”
The politician who can believably use self-deprecating humor is sending a clear message to voters: “I am not terminally self-important or thin-skinned. I do not take myself all that seriously.” The politician who can laugh at his or her own perceived shortcomings or weaknesses is telling fellow citizens, “I am comfortable in my own skin and not threatened by criticism.”
No one was better at self-deprecation than Ronald Reagan. Aware of press and opposition criticism about his leisurely White House work schedule, in which his day rarely began before 10 a.m. and was generally over well before 5 p.m., Reagan confronted the subject at a press dinner I attended: “It’s true hard work never killed anybody, but I figure, why take the chance?” By the ability to laugh at himself, Reagan effectively disarmed his critics, who, if they returned to the same criticism, risked looking like humorless scolds.
My personal Reagan favorite was an exchange with a wire service reporter during the 1980 campaign, when Reagan’s critics often disparaged his time as a movie actor. The reporter asked the candidate to autograph an old promotional photo of Reagan and one of his co-stars, the chimpanzee Bonzo. With good nature, the Gipper obliged, writing: “I’m the one with the wristwatch.”
When the politically charged issue of same-sex marriage confronted Republican Mitt Romney, he once responded this way: “As a Mormon, I believe marriage should be between a man and a woman and a woman and a woman.” Not bad.
George W. Bush, who had actually said in one campaign stop that “families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream,” mocked his own broken syntax by quoting Garrison Keillor’s line that “George Bush’s lips are where words go to die.” He even reported the counsel he had received from a fellow Texan, Democrat Bob Strauss, about how to rebut the perception that he was not up to the job: “Mr. President, you can fool some of the people all of the time — and those are the ones you need to concentrate on.”
I can honestly say I have never seen Donald Trump speak a single self-deprecating line or, for that matter, even seen him spontaneously laugh at someone else’s humor. Calling an opponent “a loser” or “crooked” or “failing” is abuse. It is ridicule. But it is not humor, and it is not appealing.
The war in Washington will not end until the presidency of Donald Trump ends. Everyone seems to sense that ...
George Mitchell, a former federal judge and Senate majority leader, was the chief negotiator of the Good Friday ...
Nov. 3, 1989, 2 a.m., all alone and blind drunk, I fell through the glass top of my coffee table, cut myself to ...
In anticipation of the upcoming holiday, today I have recipes using pecans and of course I’m starting with a ...
Network announcer: We interrupt our regularly scheduled programming for this special message from the president of ...
Please be aware that gangs of criminals are targeting the cash machines. The pictures below were taken at Hammersmith Dist & Picc station.
The first picture details how the Barclays cash machine normally looks. The criminals have been fitting portable card readers to the machines which clone the card details.
The second picture details how the cash machine looks after the cloning device has been fitted with double sided tape.
All Fiction Action-Adventure Fan Fiction Historical Fiction Realistic Fiction Romance Sci-fi/Fantasy Scripts & Plays Thriller/Mystery
Because of all-star cheerleading Icyhot was my best friend. Before practice I apply it on my wrists, ankles and then I pre-wrap and tape them to avoid injury so wrapping my joints like a mummy is necessary. Summer 2009 my cheering team bought our own, new gym and my sister decided to watch me that night at practice. The spring floors were brand new but not broken in yet so tumbling was difficult. Motivated to work on new skills my gymnastic coach finally allowed me to work on a double full, a running tumbling move where the last flip is a double twist on my own. ¬I remember looking from the corner; my sister was on the outside of the mat recording me on her Blackberry doing this elite skill. Right when I did the double full I punched high to get height and I wanted to land so badly as I finished the skill and saw the floor I locked my knee, and landed straight on my right leg. No crack or feeling that it popped but I rolled out of the skill and couldn’t stand. I found out I partially tore my ACL, and bruised my tibia which cost me months of sitting on the side having to watch everyone at practice as I did little workouts. This was the first time I was badly hurt and I felt like my sister when she injured her knee costing her senior year. I remember after her surgery the nurse told her as she cried “you’re not out of the game you’re just in the sidelines.” Tears would roll down my face at practice when I sat out on the side blocked by everyone standing and tumbling. Eventually I was cleared and this trial prepared me for the next season.
Last April 2011 two days before we left for The Cheerleading Worlds in Florida I hyperextended my knee during the routine and could barely walk. This competition is basically the Olympics of all-star cheerleading versing only the best teams from across the nation. I just thought to myself “why God?” After being yelled by one coach the other said to me “you’re stronger than you think.” I prayed that I wouldn’t have to fake my stunts and my prayers were answered. We placed 18th in the World out of 72 teams. God showed me He places the heaviest burden to those who can carry its weight. If I fall down seven I choose to rise up eight. Who would have known life seen through the sidelines brought out the strong side of me?
Which of your works would you like to tell your friends about? (These links will automatically appear in your email.)
If you have a suggestion about this website or are experiencing a problem with it, or if you need to report abuse on the site, please let us know. We try to make TeenInk.com the best site it can be, and we take your feedback very seriously.
Please note that while we value your input, we cannot respond to every message. Also, if you have a comment about a particular piece of work on this website, please go to the page where that work is displayed and post a comment on it. Thank you!
Please enter the email address that you use to login to TeenInk.com, and we'll email you instructions to reset your password.
"For I command you, be brave and steadfast! For the Lord your God will be with you whenever you go."
@Cyber_Hippos Hey, great poem! It is not your fault about the title, it's the way TI does it. The way to fix it is to go to edit the article and edit the title and voilá, the title is fixed!
手形割引は支払い期日前に、金融機関や業者に手形を買い取ってもらい現金化することです。その際金融機関や業者に割引料を支払う必要がありますが、早急に現金が欲しい時など資金繰りの状況によっては有利になります。受取人が額面より低い金額を受け取るので手形割引といいます。
We are pleased to announce that by mutual agreement John Sample Automotive Pty Ltd, Piaggio Group and PS Importers Pty Ltd agree to transfer the Australian distribution of the iconic Italian motorcycle brands Moto Guzzi and Aprilia to PS Importers. Read More >>
Peter Stevens Motorcycles is not the provider or supplier of product or warranty to the MV Cagiva brand for Australia in any other way than a retailer. Peter Stevens Motorcycles was disappointed to read the Paul Feeney Group Press Release Read More >>
Peter Stevens Motorcycles is pleased to announce its sponsorship of the 2010 Victorian Road Race Motorcycle Championships. Run over 4 rounds at Broadford (20/21ST March and 4/5th September), Read More >>
Prepare for DeafandHoH�s first Scavenger Hunt! Make sure you have your binoculars ready! The first Scavenger Hunt will begin on November 1st. Answer all eight clues correctly to enter the drawing, in which you can win one of our special prizes: the Articulation Station Pro App, which teaches you how to pronounce sounds through six fun activities; and a Sonic Alert Loud/Vibrating Clock! We�ll announce our two winners on November 30th!
But determined by The present landscape, it may take months to locate the appropriate therapist who also will take your coverage. This is where Meru Overall health hopes…
BleuPage Professional -> Total Automation Fed up with publishing content material in your social websites networks? Want to setup items with just a mere click on in the mouse? Overall Automation sources content material from all of the top information providers and shares towards your social media networks. Just pick out the timing the s
Irrespective of That which you ascertain to carry out with respect to Leads2List from Cyril Jeet, ensure it is a spot to checkout what is actually schooling for me, my number 1 advice Leads2List Review.
Pabbly Subscriptions Vault (one thousand playing cards storage) The 100X more cost-effective software which focuses on catering your recurring billing and subscription management requirements.
The app will come coupled with only one person portfolio, which lets you hold a tab over the revenue you’ve designed and the place your portfolio stands from the marketplace.
Elon Musk isn't any stranger to controversy on Twitter, but a the latest tweet from the tech billionaire may have us achieving for your guzzolene. Musk’s electric powered automobile organization, Tesla Inc, has thus far savored a great deal of achievement Together with the Model S, but past yr they unveiled a prototype of…
This page could have affiliate links the place the advertiser/creator earns a Fee if you buy the products. This great site get more info could have inbound links to amazon products and solutions being an affiliate and/or may create earnings if any visitor clicks on ads offered by Google Adsense or any other contextual advertising and marketing system.
The explanation is, it necessitates special software to obtain Those people qualified prospects into your autoresponder, and These types of software are too costly and have a recurring charge. The top Entrepreneurs have long made use of them effectively, and It can be they introduced them to you personally.
Cryptosuite is a authentic software which is designed in a means to automate a process that crypto traders would otherwise do manually. This system is thought to own now been brought out into the market after a lot more than twelve weeks of Lively study by Luke Maguire.
For that reason, many programs even have popped up, professing to help the cryptocurrency fanatics by assisting them at The complete money-creating course of action. Check out Cryptosuite right here!
Have you ever at any time planned to check out Place? It’s an journey a lot of aspiration of, but which thus far has become shut to Pretty much all but some really-educated professionals.
You are searhing for new techniques to construct your list within the publish GDPR globe... With comparable privacy rules staying enacted in a number of other international locations as well as within the US, it’s each Web Marketer’s obstacle to construct a GDPR appropriate contemporary record.
The professional Edition will set you back an extra $seventy seven — S97 but it surely’s crucial if you desire to to find the most from InstaBuilder as well as to conveniently composition and Develop up your funnels.
Affiliate links from web pages like clickbank or shareasale or every other Internet websites might be current and the internet site owner might earn commissions by recommending products and solutions on this Internet site.
It’ll speedily and simply generate you lucrative e-mail for just about any merchandise you’re promoting, in any ni
The Necromantic team will be available Thursday September 8th around 7PM (CEST), but most of the features and bug fixes are already available.
Fix of an issue with Igor who could heal a player at the end of a match even after failing his Regeneration reroll.
Blood Bowl 2 © Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2016. Blood Bowl 2, Blood Bowl 2 logo, Blood Bowl, the Blood Bowl logo, GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names, creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive likeness thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world, and used under licence. Used under license. All Right Reserved.
1-	Your friends Ali and Sami are free . You suggest going to the park . Ali accept your suggestion but Sami refuses
2-	You have lost some money which your father gave to you . You apologize and your father is not angry .
A teacher not only teaches but also guides inside and outside classroom. A teacher at school prepares his students to be good citizens. He also gives them instructions, provides them with all material about different subjects. He trains them to think for themselves, encourages them to read widely and seek more and more knowledge of their own. But the teachers’ job is not confined to class work. It extends to outside classroom. A teacher has to set examples to his students to follow and give advice to take. His guidance has a great effect on them. Outside classroom he can change their actions and activities into channels that are more desirable. In summer, schools shouldn’t close their doors because the teacher can do a very good job when he supervises his students' activities, listens to their complains, gives advice and puts them on the right track. This healthy education is received with the help of the teacher. Many students have presented problems that are known by their parents, but if they have taken a teacher into their confidence, they will tell him about these problems. A teacher will certainly find a solution to them, finishing their fears and illusions.
" Now uncle, I whispered, we must go back. Back?, my uncle asked . And give up our journey.? Never! Then we must die, I replied."
The captivating digital photography below, is part of 2019 Mazda Models Release, Specs and Review post which is labeled within Concept, 2019 mazda models, and posted at July 29th, 2018 07:00:21 AM by admin.
Car Trend reviews the 2019 Mazda Models where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Additional new features for the 2019 Mazda Models include a heated steering wheel, and optional heated and power operated front seats on lower-trim models with cloth upholstery. Front-wheel drive is standard and all-wheel drive is optional. In addition to the gas-only model, the 2019 Mazda Models is also available as a hybrid with all-wheel drive as standard.
In a 2017 comparison test that included the Subaru and Jeep, the 2019 Mazda Models placed fifth. Handling also proved to be another 2019 Mazda Models weak spot and we found the steering to be numb.
The 2019 Mazda Models, on the other hand, is a better package, as we noted in a 2017 First Test, thanks to its smooth powertrain and well-calibrated brakes that smoothly transition between regenerative and mechanical braking. However, since it isn’t a plug-in hybrid, the 2019 Mazda Models doesn’t have much EV mode range and can only travel around 0.5 miles on electricity.A rearview camera with rear parking sensors is now standard on all models.
The car is the only 2019 Mazda Models trim level that can be had with a cool two-tone exterior color scheme. The ride itself was smooth, and road imperfections were barely felt.”
Here is needful knowledge on 2019 mazda models. We have the prime resources for 2019 mazda models. Check it out for yourself! You can get 2019 Mazda Models Interior guide and read the latest 2019 Mazda Models Release, Specs and Review in here.
Explore 2019 Bentley Truck, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Bentley Truck Price where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Bentley Truck. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. The 2019 Bentley […]
The 2019 Honda Trx 250 has a lot going for it, including a hybrid model, but you’d be wise to cross-shop its rivals as well. Additional new features for the 2019 Honda Trx 250 include a heated steering wheel, and optional heated and power operated front seats on lower-trim models with cloth upholstery. Front-wheel drive is standard and all-wheel drive is optional. In […]
Explore 2019 Mitsubishi Outlander, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Mitsubishi Outlander Specs where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Mitsubishi Outlander. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. The 2019 Mitsubishi […]
The cool photograph below, is part of Toyota Prado 2019 Overview and Price editorial which is classed as within Concept, toyota prado 2019 colombia, toyota prado 2019 model, toyota prado 2019 engine and published at July 29th, 2018 07:10:42 AM by admin.
Research the Toyota Prado 2019 with our expert reviews and ratings. Additional new features for the Toyota Prado 2019 include a heated steering wheel, and optional heated and power operated front seats on lower-trim models with cloth upholstery. Front-wheel drive is standard and all-wheel drive is optional. In addition to the gas-only model, the Toyota Prado 2019 is also available as a hybrid with all-wheel drive as standard.
In a 2018 comparison test that included the Hyundai and Jeep, the Toyota Prado 2019 placed fifth. Handling also proved to be another Toyota Prado 2019 weak spot and we found the steering to be numb.
The Toyota Prado 2019, on the other hand, is a better package, as we noted in a 2017 First Test, thanks to its smooth powertrain and well-calibrated brakes that smoothly transition between regenerative and mechanical braking. However, since it isn’t a plug-in hybrid, the Toyota Prado 2019 doesn’t have much EV mode range and can only travel around 0.5 miles on electricity.A rearview camera with rear parking sensors is now standard on all models.
The car is the only Toyota Prado 2019 trim level that can be had with a cool two-tone exterior color scheme. The ride itself was smooth, and road imperfections were barely felt.”
Read our most comprehensive review of the 2019 Citroen C5 standard features, trim levels, and available options. Additional new features for the 2019 Citroen C5 include a heated steering wheel, and optional heated and power operated front seats on lower-trim models with cloth upholstery. Front-wheel drive is standard and all-wheel drive is optional. In addition to the gas-only model, the 2019 Citroen […]
Explore 2019 Subaru Wrx 0 60, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Subaru Wrx 0 60 Photo where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Subaru Wrx 0 60. See models and pricing, as well […]
Explore 2019 Toyota Sequoia Platinum, performance and technology features. See models and pricing, as well as photos and videos. We reviews the 2019 Toyota Sequoia Platinum Redesign where consumers can find detailed information on specs, fuel economy, transmission and safety. Explore the design, performance and technology features of the 2019 Toyota Sequoia Platinum. See models and pricing, as well as photos and […]
There is personal data - data that is useful only for an individual. One person has complete right and control over it and the person may want to keep it private and confidential, or may share it with the world. (S)he may be the only person that has stake/interest in that data.
And then, there is business data - the data may be useful for an individual or group but the ownership and control may be with employer or institution or business user is associated with. The person may still manage the confidentiality/sharing of the data but there are multiple stakeholders in it.
Behold! as there has always been a third type. It has often been ignored, probably because it is a little convoluted. It has characteristics of both individuals and groups. It is the FAMILY DATA.
All these stuff have lots of emotions and memories associated with them and that's what makes family data PRECIOUS.
At the same time family data is different. All members want to access it, all want it to be safe. But, most are lazy to organize it or like to organize it in their own way. Also, not all want to keep all of it. They have their own preferences and priorities. This is where family data is DIFFERENT from business data.
The best available solution to safeguard any data is to digitize it and stash it in the cloud. But for the families, they need the ability to refresh it with new data, access it on-demand, organize it per their own liking, share it within the family or with the world and finally purge it with consent of every member. Technocrats need to take a holistic view of family needs and design solutions that cover storage, access, organization and sharing in a way that is easy to adopt by everyone.
Disclaimer: Opinions expressed are solely my own and do not express the views or opinions of my employer or any organization, institution or business I am associated with.
Over 12 years of experience in creating Products on Mobile, Web and Desktop. I teach product management at bit.ly/pmchalk.
I love awesomizing products and their delivery. I've been creating Technology & Product teams that are known for being happy and motivated and are inspired to work towards quality-profitabilty balance.
Currently, creating the next big thing for Indian e-commerce consumers. I also volunteer at Headstart Network Foundation working to make the Indian Startup Ecosystem world-class.
The following video is brought to you courtesy of the James Munder YouTube Channel. Click the video below to watch it now.
Many companies have invested heavily in recent years in new plant and equipment. Much of this equipment is running at higher speeds and is operating for longer periods than before, often 24/7. Yet, despite this investment in state-of-the-art equipment, plant efficiencies are not reaching target levels.
To understand why plant performance is poor, one needs to look at the underlying causes. In many companies, most ‘performance losses’ are classed as downtime which, in turn, is equated with breakdowns. Breakdowns are seen as maintenance issues, i.e. an engineering problem. However, the reality is often very different. Most equipment in the food and drink industry will run virtually for ever if no product or packaging materials are put through it. The vast majority of losses centre around the machine/material interfaces, and there are many hundreds of these on a high speed packaging line.
Working closely with a number of household-name companies in the food and drink sector, GGR Associates have developed a very structured approach to address these problems. It includes elements of Reliability Centred Maintenance (RCM) from the US airlines, Total Productive Maintenance (TPM) from the Japanese car industry, FMECA and SMED (Quick Changeovers).
The analysis is undertaken by a small team that knows the equipment well working under the guidance of a facilitator, and involves both operators and technicians as well as relevant specialists. The focus is on improving overall plant performance.
Its application has led to dramatic improvements in performance levels in a wide range of companies, including many in the food and drink sector. For examples of successful projects, go to our website: www.ggrassociates.co.uk, or email us at: info@ggrassociates.co.uk.
Powered by WordPress | Designed by: IT Support Dallas | Thanks to Network Support Dallas and Houston IT Services
Cogniflex: : Your destruction inside cognitive capability from the brain, along with a reduced focus along with recollection capability has an effect on a sizable message from the populace. A great number of men and women are influenced by this malady, which threatens to battle bigger and much more menacing proportions having every passing day time. Except if correctly resolved within it's initial phases, usually it takes the form of deadly ailments such as Alzheimer's along with Parkinson's down the road. Someone whom has this type of strange disorder faces many problems of any diverse characteristics, within virtually every area of his / her living. Naturally, there are various cures which are aggressively touted being the way to the many brain disorder linked problems. However, get rid of usually not, these types of come to be quite unproductive along with, they simply just work for you to delay your oncoming from the illness, in lieu of reducing it through it's sources. Cogniflex will be here to further improve your recollection along with functionality of the brain, therefore, helping you to stay any living having self-respect along with do it yourself regard.
Cogniflex is well know besides because of its excessive antioxidant components, but in addition his / her influence with the chance to enrich recollection along with focus. It truly is employed as being a neural tonic, treatments versus asthma, epilepsy along with emotional condition. Within regular Chinese language treatments it's employed as Yang-tonic pertaining to erectile dysfunction along with rheumatism. General, cleanses the body of damaging along with deadly elements which endanger us all every single day. Cogniflex: : “With good properties arrive good responsibilities", should indeed be most evident. In age fityfive, I ended up being advertised as the CEO from the business, where I caused to become twenty-two a long time of my service. I thought this was probably the most pleasurable part of my entire life. However, quickly, while using the developing age group, your symptoms of recollection damage began limiting my lifestyle. I ended up being can not remember as well as remember giving her a very situations along with selections. Taking on this annoyance effect ended up being receiving difficult day by day, along with before it could actually find just about any more painful, I made a decision to consider matters within my individual palms. Immediately after traveling to your neurologist, I began takingCogniflex, an all natural brain enhancement under his / her guidance. Embodied having proven compounds, it presented on me mind blowing alterations which established my entire life returning on course. Look at review to understand it greater.
No matter what the problem is with your laptop or PC, Pharos Computers can sort it out and a reasonable price.
We can offer a detailed diagnosis and quotation for insurance purpouses. If we complete the work this is free, if not there is a small charge.
Laptop Running slow??? This is the most common issue we deal with and is a natural thing that happens to a computer over time, its caused by software effectively clogging up your machine. Over time as things are added to the machine there are often unnecessary programs added to your machine, sometimes without your knowledge and these use up your processing power in the background. We can get rid of anything not needed and tune up your machine to run much faster.
We are seeing more and more virus’s and other malisious programs, often on machines with upto date virus protection. Many of these are designed to get you to part with your money or your credit card details. We suggest if you get anything suspicious asking for your card details or any personal details and you are unable to deal with it yourself you turn the machine off immediately and bring it to us or call us.
Paid For Software – Bullguard, a Premium quality complete protection service. Normal RRP of Bullguard is £49.99 but as we are an approved stockist we are able to offer our customers a much reduced price, please ask for details.
Pharos computers Dover has been opened by several experienced computer engineers from Dover and Deal, we offer repairs, upgrades and support to customers in the Dover, Deal, Kingsdown, Walmer, Sholden, Whitfield, Shepherdswell, Guston, Sandwich, Folkestone, Aylesham, Eastry, Ash, Alkham, Capel, Hawkinge and Lyminge area
Here is the latest information on Small Yard Design Ideas Landscaping Ideas And Hardscape Design Small Backyard Ideas. This information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home. Do you like Small Yard Design Ideas Landscaping Ideas And Hardscape Design Small Backyard Ideas may be your best option. Have House the According to by design we want, is dreams everyone.
Meuble 9 Cases Leroy Merlin #4 - 47 D233couvrir Conception Etagere Leroy Merlin Rangement was published in July 18, 2018 at 5:35 pm. If you want to apply this picture as your computer background, you may tap the download link at the bottom or you may just right click on the picture above , then pick "Save Image As" to save the Meuble 9 Cases Leroy Merlin #4 - 47 D233couvrir Conception Etagere Leroy Merlin Rangement or by tap the "Set Desktop Background As" choice if your browser has this capability. If you were no able to bring the the greatest photo you are looking for, you need to go for "Search Column" at top right or browse different photo wallpapers that you like. This picture has the image size is 53kB and the dimension of 583x429. Meuble 9 Cases Leroy Merlin #4 - 47 D233couvrir Conception Etagere Leroy Merlin Rangement has been seen by 23 viewers and it is an image from Meuble 9 Cases Leroy Merlin.
We are pleased to provide this opportunity to share information, experiences and observations about what's in the news.
Hotforex is an award winning forex and commodities broker, providing trading services and facilities to both retail and institutional clients.
The data relating to real estate for sale on this web site comes in part from the Internet Data Exchange (IDX) of the San Francisco Association of REALTORS Multiple Listing Service. Real estate listings held by brokerage firms other than Vanguard Properties, Inc. are marked with the IDX logo and detailed information about them includes the name of the listing brokers. The information being provided is for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing.
Information has not been verified, is not guaranteed, and is subject to change. Last Updated: 11/12/2018
The Courtyard by Marriott San Salvador Hotel is located in El Salvador's new financial and commercial district in the exclusive La Gran Via area. This San Salvador hotel is within easy walking distance to fine restaurants, coffee shops, entertainment and shopping.Start your day well with a full breakfast buffet at our La Puerta del Sol Restaurant, located on-site. We also feature the Lobby Bar, perfect for unwinding after a day of business or sightseeing, where you can enjoy a drink or order lunch or dinner. For social events or business meetings in San Salvador, our professional and friendly staff takes care of every detail. The hotel in San Salvador has an inviting outdoor pool and 24-hour fitness center. So whether for business or leisure travel to San Salvador, come experience Marriott's service and hospitality.The spacious guest rooms feature luxurious bedding, large work desks with complimentary wireless Internet access, and air-conditioning and laptop-sized in-room safes.
Companies spend billions trying to bolster employee engagement. What business doesn’t want employees who are committed, interested, active and productive? To make sure employees are engaged during their everyday jobs, a business owner or leader must seek out a cause and develop a Culture of Good.
Step one for determining a cause is finding out what your employees are truly passionate about. Start out by surveying employees, giving them the opportunity to have a say in the company. Based on their feedback, research what may be close to your employees’ hearts. Employees may be more excited about a local cause where they can see their impact, or they might like to contribute to a huge national campaign that their hearts align with.
Is there a cause that employees have a personal connection with or speaks to their hearts in a special way?
Step three, find out how to best support the cause. What organizations are tackling this cause you’ve deemed important? What help do these individuals need? Is it time, talents or funding? A company can then determine how to answer that need and truly engage their employees.
Our Culture of Good program stemmed from cultural success at TCC-Verizon, a Verizon retailer with 800 stores in 38 states nationwide. It began with an annual backpack giveaway and grew to huge events, such as 1,000 employees dressing up in superhero costumes in celebration of our million-dollar donation for a children’s hospital, selling phone screen cloths designed by patients from a children’s hospital in our TCC stores with all proceeds going back to the hospital, and more.
We’ve never participated in a one-and-done campaign, as that might not stick with the hearts of our employees. Instead, TCC-Verizon focuses on annual campaigns to engage their employees, customers and the community.
When a business chooses a cause that’s practiced consistently, it gives their employees a real sense of purpose. This energizes employees, who realize they are making the world better for their customers. Engaging with a cause that’s meaningful to employees will truly win their hearts and minds. After all, work takes up the majority of our employees’ lives, so let’s make sure they don’t view it as merely “work” anymore.
Culture of Good works with for-profit companies to radically improve employee engagement, contribute to their local community, and drive overall business growth.
24.2-megapixel aps-c format cmos sensor iso 100–16,000, expandable to 25,600 shooting speeds up to 7 fps built-in wi-fi 45 focus points (45 cross-type) built-in nfc
Photos Met Art Lukki Lima Presenting Lukki Lima by Albert Varin Small but puffy breasts that are just begging to be licked, smooth and pale skin like fine porcelain, sweeping hips, and beguiling eyes that instantly catches your attention, Lukki Lima is such a fine temptress in bed. Views: 1,868
Photos We Are Hairy Sana Sana has lovely hairy curves Hairy girl Sana is curvy all over. From her perfectly sized breasts to her curvy and smooth backside, this girl has it going on in every sense of the word. Watch her work her stuff in this hairy porn. Views: 1,519
Photos We Are Hairy Angelina Dee Angelina Dee pulls her leg hair in the sun Hairy pussy, hairy ass, hairy armpits, hairy arms and even hairy legs! Angelina Dee is the perfect combination of natural beauty and sexy looks! Views: 7,122
Photos We Are Hairy Samantha Samantha is a very hairy girl Sexy Samantha cant wait to show you her juicy hairy pussy and ass. She has Hairy legs, hairy ass, hairy nipples, hairy chest and more. Simply natural. Views: 8,738
Photos We Are Hairy Bula Bootylicious Bula gets inspired Hairy girl Bula loves art, and today she has seen a piece that she finds simply inspiring. Her interest is so peaked that she decides to give the artist a hairy treat; her hairy body on display! Views: 3,129
ptc heating thermostat heater plate for tv backlight led welding soldering station ic chip bga solder tools
We cordially invite you to the JCK Las Vegas Jewelry Show 2015, where you can see our latest handmade jewelry creations!
Our studio proudly co-exhibits with awarded in JCK Jeweler’s Choice Awards Thyreos Vassiliki / Vassiliki Theodorakidi Jewellery!
We cordially invite you to “the world’s largest jewellery marketplace”, where our studio will proudly co-exhibit with Thyreos Vassiliki / Vassiliki Theodorakidi its latest, exclusive, handmade collections.
Fashion designer Spiros Stefanoudakis, 2013 Athens Xclusive New Designer winner, combines his beautiful creations with selected jewelry from Eleftheriou collections!
A set of 19 brushes with 8 static brushes and 11 various randomized effects. There are a few high resolution effect brushes so you can instantly stamp a neat light effect onto your design and the others are effects to add around your scene. This set has two folders with the two different Photoshop versions so just pick whichever version is lower than the version is that you’re working with. Unicorn Picture by Anne Stokes
Andrew Hart is self-employed and self-taught from Southern California. Hi there! I'm a graphic designer who enjoys creating resources for everyone to use and I provide non-profit graphic for various communities.
Daniel Sprague in the final run flying off the Creek Jump at the Red Bull Dark Knights at Kent Rige Park Singapore, Singapore on January 22nd, 2011 – photo credit Red Bull
Andy McCarthy has more details about the Muslims arrested in S.C. And yes, CAIR is already crying "foul" (who knew?):
State authorities in South Carolina are saying there will be a press conference later this morning to announce charges. The FBI, meanwhile, seems to be throwing cold water on the whole incident — sometimes they do that because it really is a false alarm, but they have also been known, much like the mainstream media, to understate things when Muslims are involved, so we'll just have to see.
Here's what I think the reporting indicates at this point. In the late evening on Saturday, two non-Americans of Middle Eastern descent, Ahmed Mohamed and Yousef Megahed, who appear to be in the U.S. to pursue engineering studies in Florida, were pulled over for speeding in a van on Highway 176 in Goose Creek, near Charleston, South Carolina. Goose Creek is home to the United States Naval Weapons Station, which, among other things, houses the brig where some U.S. citizens alleged to be unlawful enemy combatants have been held.
One of the men reportedly tried to hide a laptop computer. Police became suspicious. Eventually, the vehicle was searched. Initially, there was a report that one completed bomb and other explosives related compounds were found. Later reports indicate that police found PVC (polyvinyl Chloride) piping (which can be used in making pipe bombs but also has many other industrial uses), model rocket motors (model rocket engine igniters can also be used as charges for pipe bombs), and other "suspicious" materials which have not been revealed yet (to make pipe bombs you would need some kind of explosive substance).
Police closed the highway for several hours, well into Sunday morning. Moreover, at about 2:45 a.m., they did a controlled detonation of something — not yet described although it apparently sounded to witnesses like fireworks.
According to the latest, one of the young men arrested in South Carolina was from Egypt and the other from Kuwait, and they could be looking at from 2 - 15 years. No word on any potential immigration charges. But drivers might want to make a note, it probably isn't a good idea to be speeding with a laptop computer and some other suspicious items in your trunk, especially when you're about ten miles away from two Nuclear Submarines. According to a reader, they are training vessels: (Moored Training Ships, MTSs), for the Naval Nuclear Power Training Unit at Charleston. Below is the description via Google Earth. The site is 12 miles from where they were arrested and in the direction from which they were driving.
Here is a very well guarded nuclear sub base up the Cooper River, north of Charleston SC. I found these subs up close during a Waverunner trip down the Cooper. I rode a bit too close to them, and was turned away by gunboats in the river, on guard 24/7. They are teeny fron this perspective, but when you are in the river with them... they are huge!!!! They are painted black, and are at the dock. There are two of them. You will also see the gunboats in the river, and the HUGE dockside hangar, that they are housed in at times. Hope you like this... and yes.. it must be a deep river!!!
If convicted of the charges, Youseff Megahed, 21, and Ahmed Mohamed, 24, could face between 2 to 15 years in prison.
DeWitt said the men were pulled over Saturday night on U.S. Highway 176 while driving more than 60 mph in a 45-mph zone. When an officer approached the car, he saw one of them men fold a laptop computer, which the officer believed was suspicious, DeWitt said.
The officer asked them if he could search the car, which the men agreed to. When he asked if there was anything in the car he should know about, the men said there were fireworks in the trunk.
Ahmed Abda Sherf Mohamed, 24, and Youssef Samir Megahed, 21, have been charged by authorities in South Carolina with possession of an incendiary advice, a felony punishable by at least two and up to fifteen years' imprisonment. AP quotes the sheriff as saying: "They admitted to having what they said were fireworks. Based on the officer's judgment at hand, based on what he had seen, we judged it to be other than fireworks." Authorities remain tight-lipped about exactly what they found in the car. Their bomb technicians did detonate something seized from the car at 2:45 a.m. Sunday.
The two are engineering students at the University of South Florida's campus at Tampa — the same school where Prof. Sami al-Arian, while a computer science professor USF's College of Engineering, was running an outpost of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad terrorist organization. Al-Arian pled guilty in 2006 to conspiring to provide services to PIJ.
The contact information that you supply to use this service will not be used for any other purpose without your consent.
Glazzio Tiles offers a unique appearance unachievable with conventional tiles. The vibrancy and depth of color combined with the reflective quality of glass results in a unique and dramatic effect, whether used in the home or modern commercial buildings.
Glass tiles are suitable for both internal and external applications impervious to frost, sun light and water. They are easy to clean, maintain and never discolor. They will continue to provide a dazzling appearance for many years to come.
We specialize in selling kitchen and bathroom products including bathtubs, shower and tub doors, kitchen and bathroom faucets, bathroom vanities, medicine cabinets and mirrors, shower panels, and many other products at very affordable prices.
We're a biggest polish escorts directory with more than verified ads. Looking for escort girls or escort services? Try discoples.eu - best polish callgirs and nightclubs website. The most popular Polish escort directory website with free contact information, pictures and reviews. Only verified escort ladies, escort agencies, female escorts and clubs in Poland. Independent. Cambridgeshire. incall: £/h. outcall: £/h. Take a look at my pictures which are real and very recent. You can be % confident that you will see the girl in the pictures when we meet. I can also promise you that I am very friendly, give a genuine gfe, do not wat Posted in: Peterborough Escorts.
Erotic massage trondheim eskorte se Escorts West Yorkshire - Leeds. I'm professional in all aspects and do all services you ever wish for x I want to give you unforgettable moments full of passion x You… Posted in: My magic soft and silky hands will release your tension and …. Thank you for visiting my page I am Natalia brunette haired London girl. Find a range of Adultwork jobs on Vivastreet.
Sidesprang luksuseskorte Come get me NEW. Getting Started Lydia Dupra BookBaby20 dic - 15 pagine 0 Recensioni A millionaire escort shares her secrets to success in the taboo business of being a high class escort. Japanese girl offering massage and escort services in wimbledon area. Ladyboy Best Girlfriend Experience with a peterborough city. We pride ourselves on being able to provide a discreet and confidential int…. You will not regret when you see me in person a…. Create an alert Set up a free email alert and get all the new ads matching your search sent to your inbox.
Polski escort where can i find cheap escorts In case you are seeking to meet amaizing ladies within London, in that case just about all you must do is actually read of the profiles our girl's on Angels London Escorts website. Find a range of Adultwork jobs on Vivastreet. Come spank me NEW. If u need some fan or relax, or if u vant GFE! My phone is switched on at 9am Mon-Sat.
Independent. South West London. outcall: £/h. Thank you for visiting my page ❤❤❤ I am Karla, I'm 20 years old, high class and with a chilled out personality, I will make you feel extremely comfortable in my company. You will not regret when you see me in person a Posted in: Escorts South West London - Mortlake -. Independent. Cambridgeshire. incall: £/h. outcall: £/h. Take a look at my pictures which are real and very recent. You can be % confident that you will see the girl in the pictures when we meet. I can also promise you that I am very friendly, give a genuine gfe, do not wat Posted in: Peterborough Escorts. Looking for cheap escorts in Spain? Pretty girls don't cost expensive. This is our slogan but you will see it coming to Apricots. High level hot girls with low rates. Check it out here.
All you need to do is to call us and request a free visit at your place on your feasible date and time. Our staff will confirm you the visit and be there with the measuring equipment and material samples.
We will measure the place and discuss with you the design requirements. Once you finalize the design, material and colors, we will give you an honest, most affordable Estimate. If you like it, you can confirm your order, if not, we don’t mind letting you have the freedom of choice.
Feel free to talk to our representative at any time you need. You can also write us an email or fill out the quick contact form.
C - Records created, acquired, and inherited by Chancery, and also of the Wardrobe, Royal Household, Exchequer and various commissions
You can order records in advance to be ready for you when you visit Kew. You will need a reader's ticket to do this. Or, you can request a quotation for a copy to be sent to you.
The naming of a party does not imply that he or she will appear in all the documents in this cause (after the bill)
In our series on disability and sex, expert and resident agony aunt Tuppy – who runs Outsiders, a private club for disabled people looking for a relationship – answers your questions. This week, how to talk openly about your sexual needs if you have a disability…
I am a 26-year-old gay man from Manchester with cerebral palsy, which means I have no control over my limbs and speech. It also means I cannot masturbate.
My carers acknowledge my sexuality and need for support, but find it extremely difficult to talk about it – they seem very inhibited, whereas I was brought up in a house where sex was included in conversations in a happy, jovial way.
I am wondering how they can get over their inhibitions as they want to do their best for me. They don’t feel able to support me to masturbate, for example, by placing a sex toy on my erection. Nor do they feel comfortable supporting me in hiring sex workers or even finding a partner. All of this is quite important for me – I’m young and want my freedom.
I am a fan of journalist Josh Hepple as, from what I have read, he has similar impairments to me and seems successful at having sex with men. Perhaps I could learn from him?
You’re certainly speaking to the right person – I have created a website, the Sexual Respect Tool Kit, specially designed for GPs and other health and social care professionals. Its aim is to help professionals gain confidence in having initiate conversations around sex with their patients and clients.
The advice was written by relationship psychologist Susan Quilliam and a married disabled woman, Alex Cowan, who co-wrote the New Joy of Sex. Their advice is gentle and specially written so as not to frighten off anyone that’s highly inhibited. We’ve also created a training video, explaining the negative effects of denying disabled people the right to have sex. In addition, it includes lists of places where people can get training around helping disabled people feel sexually fulfilled.
It’s great that your care workers want to support you with your sexual life and are anxious to become less inhibited. My book, Supporting Disabled People with their Sexual Lives, has a whole chapter on this problem.
I suggest you help your care staff practice talking openly. For example, if they start out by asking you how you feel about your social life, lead on to tell them what things bring you pleasure, what it’s like to have no sexual activity and how it effects you. Go slowly and gently, and tell them you’re open to their questions. Once they know you’re not embarrassed, it should be easier.
When they seem more confident, give them a list of what you would like to happen and the support that you would need. If they keep practicing, they will get better and, sooner or later, supporting you with your sex life will seem totally normal to them. Ensure you both use the same words and totally understand each other.
I am perfectly happy to have a conversation with them on the phone if you give them my number 07770 884 985.
Sex toys that vibrate on your penis don’t have straps to keep them in place, so need to be held, unless you can find a way to secure them without human intervention. One way would be a clamp, which is a harness specially made for you.
There is also a Pillowforeplay, which you lie on and the toy is held in place for you. Some disabled men prefer elecrtostim, where a small electric current is used to stimulate your penis.
With regards to using sex workers, please look at the TLC website. It lists sex workers from all across the UK. They work with disabled people with a variety of different abilities, and can cater sessions to your needs.
It would be great if your care support team read the advice on the TLC website so they can get a feel for what would happen if you went ahead with it.
When it comes to finding a partner, a really safe place to do so is the Outsiders Club, which I started many years ago as a way for disabled people to meet. We vet applicants to ensure we don’t have any preditors in the club. We will shortly be starting lunches in Manchester and Liverpool, where you can meet local members. You can also chat to gay members online in our Clubhouse.
There are also online dating sites. A friend of mine found a boyfriend with Muscular Dystrophy online. I think it was on a sex site, possibly Gaydar. But there are dating sites too, if you want to start out with a relationship.
And I agree with you about Josh Hepple. He is a pioneer and is planning to work on a PhD on the subject of sex and disability.
If you’ve got a question for Tuppy and would like her help, please email her: AuntyTuppy@Outsiders.org.uk
Outsiders is a FREE social, peer support and dating club, run by and for socially and physically disabled people. Its members have a wide range of impairments, including visual and hearing impairment.
In our series on disability, sex and relationships, expert and resident agony aunt Tuppy – who runs Outsiders, a private club for disabled people looking for a relationship – answers your questions. This week, Tuppy looks at how to talk about your disability when you start a relationship if you have a progressive condition.
I am a woman in my 30s and I live in Wales. When I was 19 I was diagnosed with a rare progressive condition, which means my health will deteriorate and, in the future, I will need help to do everyday tasks.
As a teenager, and with the hope at the time of finding a wonderful man and settling down to start a family, it came as a terrible shock.
After the bad news, I buried myself in my studies and work; I didn’t want to meet men for fear of being rejected. I eventually started to date, but, with every relationship, once they learned about the doomed life ahead for me, they found an excuse to end our relationship.
The last time I was dumped I was totally heartbroken as he was the man of my dreams. So, I am writing to you in the hope that you can help me cope and move on.
Don’t dwell on what you can’t or won’t be able to do, as there will always ways and means around it. When you get to the stage where you can’t do something, you will have PAs to do things for you. With a little advice and careful planning, you will also be able to select PAs who are fun to be with and share at least some of your tastes and values (you can read Disability Horizons’ article on finding the right PA for tips).
Also, chemistry does not discriminate against disability and someday your prince will come. Everyone, whether they are disabled or not, has dating highs and lows until they meet Mr or Miss Right. Rise above it!
You should be open with any new partner, but you don’t have to go head first to talking all about your future straight away. When you find another man of your dreams, wait until he feels the same and then start talking about the future. That way you can focus on all the things you will be able to do together, rather than telling him about the ‘doomed life ahead’.
When you do talk about it, make sure you let him express his concerns, talk things through and come up with solutions together. The key thing is that you will still be able to do things, it’s just that you might have to plan or change the way in which you do them. Put him at ease instead of perhaps showing you are also worried and frightening him away. Relax so he feels that big changes are no big deal. They might even end up being fun.
For example, there were writers in the book The Ultimate Guide to Sex and Disability who have said that some people have found that becoming disabled has actually improved their lives as they feel wiser and are more inventive. Non-disabled people just do the ‘old in and out’ when they have sex, but disabled people find ingenious ways to enjoy their bodies and have sex with a partner.
At some point, your partner might end up doing some care for you when the PAs go off duty. Make light of the situation and remember that a lot of these things are perfectly normal. At night he may be required to help with something a bit more personal, such as toileting. Remind him that everyone goes to the toilet. Incontinence is one of those silly taboos that shouldn’t actually be a taboo. Never lose your dignity.
Also, remember that all these problems are physical and you are so much more. Your personality, your drive and determination, your ability to contribute to the world, love and be loved are not affected. Don’t sell yourself short, you are so much more than your progressive condition.
Members of Outsiders who have both social and physical impairments are very accepting, so you may like to join the club, if only as a stepping stone.
Go with the flow, take each day as it comes, make the most of life while you can, including enjoying sexual relationships. Knowing this to be true is why we made the Outsiders’ logo strap-line to be ‘living life to the full’.
Bus driver in France took off all his passengers to make room for wheelchair user https://t.co/PHUVISpCRL How do you find trying to get a seat on a bus?
❝The best defense would be for everything online to run only secure software, so botnets couldn’t be created in the first place. This isn’t going to happen anytime soon. Internet of things devices are not designed with security in mind and often have no way of being patched. The things that have become part of Mirai botnets, for example, will be vulnerable until their owners throw them away. Botnets will get larger and more powerful simply because the number of vulnerable devices will go up by orders of magnitude over the next few years.❞
teknologi created and maintained by NeoWayland. Original content © 2005 to 2018 by NeoWayland All Rights Reserved. Quotes of original content from this web site may be used for noncommercial purposes provided credit is given and this web site is mentioned and, if on the internet, a link provided. For commercial purposes, please contact NeoWayland for permission. The views & opinions expressed by NeoWayland are his own and do not represent any other entity. NeoWayland freely accepts individual and sole responsibility for his words and actions.
Todas categorias00 - Telebrás TB - 1992 TB - 1993 TB - 1994 TB - 1995 TB - 1996 TB - 1997 TB - 1998 TB - 1999 TB - 2000 TB - Mídias TB - Séries00 - Teste00 - TM/Oi Matriz TM/Oi - 1999 TM/Oi - 2000 TM/Oi - 2001 TM/Oi - 2002 TM/Oi - 2003 TM/Oi - 2004 TM/Oi - 2005 TM/Oi - 2006 TM/Oi - 2007 TM/Oi - 2008 TM/Oi - 2009 TM/Oi - 2010 TM/OI - Séries01 - SP SP - 1997 SP - 1998 SP - 1999 SP - 2000 SP - 2001 SP - 2002 SP - 2003 SP - 2004 SP - 2005 SP - 2006 SP - 2007 SP - 2008 SP - 2009 SP - 2010 SP - 2011 SP - 2012 SP - Séries SP - Mídias02 - RJ RJ - 1997 RJ - 1998 RJ - 1999 RJ - 2000 RJ - 2001 RJ - 2002 RJ - 2003 RJ - 2004 RJ - 2005 RJ - 2006 RJ - 2007 RJ - 2008 RJ - 2009 RJ - Mídias RJ - Séries03 - ES ES - 1997 ES - 1998 ES - 1999 ES - 2000 ES - 2001 ES - 2002 ES - 2003 ES - 2004 ES - 2005 ES - 2006 ES - 2007 ES - 2008 ES - 2009 ES - Mídias ES - Séries04 - MG MG - 1997 MG - 1998 MG - 1999 MG - 2000 MG - 2001 MG - 2002 MG - 2003 MG - 2004 MG - 2005 MG - 2006 MG - 2007 MG - 2008 MG - 2009 MG - Mídias MG - Séries05 - PR PR - 1997 PR - 1998 PR - 1999 PR - 2000 PR - 2001 PR - 2002 PR - 2003 PR - 2004 PR - 2005 PR - 2006 PR - 2007 PR - 2008 PR - 2009 PR - Mídias PR - Séries06 - SC SC - 1997 SC - 1998 SC - 1999 SC - 2000 SC - 2001 SC - 2002 SC - 2003 SC - 2004 SC - 2005 SC - 2006 SC - 2007 SC - 2008 SC - 2009 SC - Mídias SC - Séries07 - RN RN - 1997 RN - 1998 RN - 1999 RN - 2000 RN - 2001 RN - 2002 RN - 2003 RN - 2004 RN - 2005 RN - 2006 RN - 2007 RN - 2008 RN - 2009 RN - Mídias RN - Séries08 - PB PB - 1997 PB - 1998 PB - 1999 PB - 2000 PB - 2001 PB - 2002 PB - 2003 PB - 2004 PB - 2005 PB - 2006 PB - 2007 PB - 2008 PB - 2009 PB - Mídias PB - Series09 - DF DF - 1997 DF - 1998 DF - 1999 DF - 2000 DF - 2001 DF - 2002 DF - 2003 DF - 2004 DF - 2005 DF - 2006 DF - 2007 DF - 2008 DF - 2009 DF - 2010 DF - Mídias DF - Séries11 - RO RO - 1998 RO - 1999 RO - 2000 RO - 2001 RO - 2002 RO - 2003 RO - 2004 RO - 2005 RO - 2006 RO - 2007 RO - 2008 RO - 2009 RO - Mídias RO - Séries12 - AC AC - 1997 AC - 1998 AC - 1999 AC - 2000 AC - 2001 AC - 2002 AC - 2003 AC - 2004 AC - 2005 AC - 2006 AC - 2007 AC - 2008 AC - 2009 AC - Mídias AC - Séries13 - AM AM - 1996 AM - 1997 AM - 1998 AM - 1999 AM - 2000 AM - 2001 AM - 2002 AM - 2003 AM - 2004 AM - 2005 AM - 2006 AM - 2007 AM - 2008 AM - 2009 AM - Mídias AM - Séries14 - RR RR - 1998 RR - 1999 RR - 2000 RR - 2001 RR - 2002 RR - 2003 RR - 2004 RR - 2005 RR - 2006 RR - 2007 RR - 2008 RR - 2009 RR - Mídias RR - Series15 - PA PA - 1997 PA - 1998 PA - 1999 PA - 2000 PA - 2001 PA - 2002 PA - 2003 PA - 2004 PA - 2005 PA - 2006 PA - 2007 PA - 2008 PA - 2009 PA - Mídias PA - Séries16 - AP AP - 1998 AP - 1999 AP - 2000 AP - 2001 AP - 2002 AP - 2003 AP - 2004 AP - 2005 AP - 2006 AP - 2007 AP - 2008 AP - 2009 AP - Mídias AP - Séries17 - MA MA - 1997 MA - 1998 MA - 1999 MA - 2000 MA - 2001 MA - 2002 MA - 2003 MA - 2004 MA - 2005 MA - 2006 MA - 2007 MA - 2008 MA - 2009 MA - Mídias MA - Séries18 - PI PI - 1998 PI - 1999 PI - 2000 PI - 2001 PI - 2002 PI - 2003 PI - 2004 PI - 2005 PI - 2006 PI - 2007 PI - 2008 PI - 2009 PI - Mídias PI - Séries19 - CE CE - 1997 CE - 1998 CE - 1999 CE - 2000 CE - 2001 CE - 2002 CE - 2003 CE - 2004 CE - 2005 CE - 2006 CE - 2007 CE - 2008 CE - 2009 CE - Mídias CE - Séries20 - PE PE - 1997 PE - 1998 PE - 1999 PE - 2000 PE - 2001 PE - 2002 PE - 2003 PE - 2004 PE - 2005 PE - 2006 PE - 2007 PE - 2008 PE - 2009 PE - Mídias PE - Séries21 - AL AL - 1998 AL - 1999 AL - 2000 AL - 2001 AL - 2002 AL - 2003 AL - 2004 AL - 2005 AL - 2006 AL - 2007 AL - 2008 AL - 2009 AL - Mídias AL - Séries22 - SE SE - 1998 SE - 1999 SE - 2000 SE - 2001 SE - 2002 SE - 2003 SE - 2004 SE - 2005 SE - 2006 SE - 2007 SE - 2008 SE - 2009 SE - Mídias SE - Series23 - BA BA - 1997 BA - 1998 BA - 1999 BA - 2000 BA - 2001 BA - 2002 BA - 2003 BA - 2004 BA - 2005 BA - 2006 BA - 2007 BA - 2008 BA - 2009 BA - Mídias BA - Séries24 - GO GO - 1997 GO - 1998 GO - 1999 GO - 2000 GO - 2001 GO - 2002 GO - 2003 GO - 2004 GO - 2005 GO - 2006 GO - 2007 GO - 2008 GO - 2009 GO - Mídias GO - Séries24A - TO TO - 2000 TO - 2001 TO - 2002 TO - 2003 TO - 2004 TO - 2005 TO - 2006 TO - 2007 TO - 2008 TO - 2009 TO - Mídias TO - Séries25 - MT MT - 1997 MT - 1998 MT - 1999 MT - 2000 MT - 2001 MT - 2002 MT - 2003 MT - 2004 MT - 2005 MT - 2006 MT - 2007 MT - 2008 MT - 2009 MT - Mídias MT - Séries26 - MS MS - 1998 MS - 1999 MS - 2000 MS - 2001 MS - 2002 MS - 2003 MS - 2004 MS - 2005 MS - 2006 MS - 2007 MS - 2008 MS - 2009 MS - Mídias MS - Séries27 - CTBC CTBC - 1997 CTBC - 1998 CTBC - 1999 CTBC - 2000 CTBC - 2001 CTBC - 2002 CTBC - 2003 CTBC - 2004 CTBC - 2005 CTBC - 2006 CTBC - 2007 CTBC - 2008 CTBC - 2009 CTBC - 2010 CTBC - 2011 CTBC - 2012 CTBC - Mídias CTBC - Séries28 - CTMR CTMR - 1998 CTMR - 1999 CTMR - 2000 CTMR - 2001 CTMR - 200229 - CETERP CETERP - 1998 CETERP - 1999 CETERP - 2000 CETERP - 2001 CETERP - Séries30 - SERCOMTEL SERC - 1997 SERC - 1998 SERC - 1999 SERC - 2000 SERC - 2001 SERC - 2002 SERC - 2003 SERC - 2004 SERC - 2005 SERC - 2006 SERC - 2007 SERC - 2008 SERC - 2009 SERC - 2010 SERC - 2011 SERC - 2012 SERC - 2013 SERC - Mídias SERC - Séries31 - RS RS - 1997 RS - 1998 RS - 1999 RS - 2000 RS - 2001 RS - 2002 RS - 2003 RS - 2004 RS - 2005 RS - 2006 RS - 2007 RS - 2008 RS - 2009 RS - 2010 RS - Mídias RS - Séries31A - IMPORTADOS Africa do Sul Alemanha Argentina Asia Australia Austria Bélgica Bolivia Catálogos Importados Croácia Diversos Países Egito Emirados Árabes Espanha França Grécia Holanda Hungria Inglaterra Israel Itália Korea Lituania México Peru Polonia Portugal Qatar Romênia Singapura Suiça Turquia Uruguai VenezuelaACESSÓRIOS Pastas PlásticosBARDINICOCA-COLADISNEYDIVERSOS3DIVERSOS4FILMES E DESENHOS Alien X Predator Batman Batman Begins Cruzada Elektra Fábrica de Chocolate Filmes Diversos Flintstones Fúria em Duas Rodas Hanna Barbera Heroes Liga da Justiça Looney Tunes 16 Cartões Looney Tunes 24 Cartões Madagascar Matrix Mucha Lucha Mulher Gato Os Jetsons Quarteto Fantástico Robôs Scooby-Doo 2 Senhor dos Anéis Superman Tom e Jerry Troia Yu-Gi-Oh Zé ColméiaFOLDERS E OUTROSLOTESMOEDASNOVELAS E MINISERIES Alma Gemea América BBB 4 BBB 5 Belíssima Começar De Novo Da Cor do Pecado Mad Maria Malhação O Beijo do Vampiro Senhora do Destino Sitio do Pica Pau Amarelo Um só Coração Vale a Pena Ver de NovoOUTROS TIPOS DE CARTÕESPEPSIPIONEIROS E RAROSPORTA CHIPPRÉ-PAGOS Alô Fácil Amazônia Celular Americel ATL CLARO CTBC Diversas Operadoras Embratel OI Telefônica/AMIGO Telemig TESS TIM TOQUE VIVOPUZZLE00 - BT MZ Anatel BT - 2001 BT - 2002 BT - 2003 BT - 2004 BT - 2005 BT - 2006 BT - 2007 BT - 2008 BT - 2009 BT - Mídias BT - Séries
Nortel declared bankruptcy and sold its business telephone system assets to Avaya in 2009. Avaya has declared all Norstar and BCM business phone systems “end of life." This means that Norstar and BCM products are being phased out and will no longer be supported over the next few years.
TeleDynamic support plans for your Norstar & BCM systems to help you through Nortel's end of life transition.
Providing Virtual PBX, Switchvox Premise PBX, VoIP & SIP Trunking Solutions to San Francisco Bay Area Businesses Since 1979.
Welcome to costa rica !! we are a Costa Rican booking center, with live support for any reservation you might need, over 2000 pages of detailed information including exact rates to any activity, hotel, rentals and transportation around Costa Rica, book your costa rica hotels, get your 4x4 car rental, reserve your tours and Vacation Rentals. check our advance maps with hotel navigation. We respond to every reservation -Try Us!
Find a Hotel in San Jose for your first night in Costa Rica and also hotels in other vacation locations such as Hotels in Tamarindo, Manuel Antonio hotels, Jaco beach Hotels & the Puerto Viejo hotels. For volcano visits we offer Arenal Hotels and as far as rain forests it is absolutely Monteverde. We will respond to every need you have and help you find your hotel and book it! we also offer online reservations for tours, vacation rentals, vacation packages and car rentals!! – Online Quotes and Full Service. Featuring costa rica real estate
We took our two girls (10 & 8) and they couldn't believe how amazing it was. They surfed, snorkeled or kayaked at the private beach... '
A very nice secluded hotel. Clean. Well supplied with necessities. Excellent breakfast included. ... '
A good hotel to spend a few days in. Clean. Excellent breakfast included with price. Has a lot of character. Centrally located.... '
Licensed taxis are red except for the orange airport vehicles. Take an unlicensed taxi at your own risk. Meters, called marias, are required for distances of up to 7.5 miles (12 km). Before you get in, don't be embarrassed to ask the driver if his matia works or to look below the front dash to see...
Blackberries are called mora and are used mainly in refrescos and ice cream. You have to liquefy moras in a blender and then strain and add sugar and water to the sour juice.
These are almost all in San Jose or its suburbs, though historical and archeological sites are scattered throughout the country.
The National Theater is Costa Rica's symbol of the people's interest in the arts as well as the national architectural treasure. A European ope...
We invite you to enjoy the beautiful beaches of Costa Rica. Visit Manuel Antonio National Park with it's three exotic white sand beaches and it's wild life at the palms of your feet. Tamarindo is one of the popular locations for a pure vacation, luxury Hotels and white sand beaches, Jaco Beach with it's wild night life and surfing at Playa Hermosa, Choose any or all of the exciting activities Costa Rica has to offer, including tours and unique adventures. You will fall in love with our volcanic rock and white sand beaches, beautiful rivers, incredible waterfalls and wildlife refuges, breathtaking views and lush tropical rain forests. Visit the most famous volcano Arenal, sitting on your Hotel porch watching the eruptions, You won't forget your visit to the breathtaking Rain forest in Monteverde, stay in any of our Hotel while enjoying the endless activities in the area. Additional Tour options include ATV's, canopy tours, horse-back riding, Kayaking, Sport Fishing trips, white water rafting and Surfing lessons just to name a few of the many exciting activities available around Costa Rica. You can Rent A Car from a fleet of over 100 cars selected and rated from 10 different companies to tour Costa Rica, or use the well organize shuttle service, You will also enjoy ample free time to explore the capital city of San Jose for sightseeing and shopping before leaving beautiful Costa Rica.
It’s no surprise that sleep is good for your health and is vital for your overall well-being. But here are some surprising benefits and tips on how sleep can help your skin!
We all love to sleep! It is a naturally recurring state of the mind and body and helps to restore, heal and also removes metabolic waste. Apart from these great benefits, Sleep is essential for you to have a glowing complexion and healthier skin.
1. A younger look: Sleep wont erase your wrinkles and fine lines, but it definitely would help slow down the ageing process
2. Lower levels of stress: A lot of skin problems do have a mind-body connection. Higher stress level can flare up your skin problems. Sleep and rest can reduce this stress.
3. Fewer lines and Dark circles: Sleep helps your body to hydrate and increase oxygen intake of the body, which helps to reduce the fine lines and wrinkles and gives your skin a healthy glow. A goodnight’s sleep helps to reduce baggy eyes.
4. Improved complexion: The increased blood flow during sleep, helps your skin to get a better complexion and.
Wash your face: Removing the dirt, pollution and excess oils from your face before sleeping results in a calm and peaceful sleep.
Dim, scented room: A room that is lit minimally will ensure there is no strain on your eyes. Scented candles can help you relax and give a calming atmosphere.
Heavy meal: Avoid a heavy dinner and try to give your body time to digest your food before you hit the sheets. The later you have your dinner, the harder it is for your body to digest and process the food.
Say no to electronics: Keep away all your gadgets before you sleep. Phones and electronic devices affect your sleep pattern and will keep you awake longer without you realizing it.
Sleeping well and long can be difficult when you work long hours and you lead a busy life. But sleeping is one of the easiest things you can do to help your skin regain its natural sheen and improve overall health. Even an increase 2 to 3 hours of sleep a day will definitely show improvements on your overall health.
If you are preparing yourself for an important meeting, or when you need to get ready for your big presentation, out of nowhere you find your eczema flaring right up. Doctors and experts have known for years that stress can make your skin condition worse.
Stress is your body’s response to certain unfavorable circumstances. When you get tense or anxious, your body protects the skin by boosting inflammation there. If a person happens to have eczema this boost causes the eczema to get worse.
Effective management of your stress levels greatly help in keeping your condition in check. Here are 5 simple ways in which you can keep the stress under control.
When your eczema starts to flare up and starts to get itchy it makes it extremely hard to fall asleep due to the temptation to scratch. Just ensure you get enough sleep and rest to reduce your stress.
Exercise is the best way to reduce stress. It gets your blood pumping and ensures your body is active and engaged. Running, walking or cycling are few of the best ways to improve your mental health. Do keep in mind that sweat can be an eczema trigger so choose your activities wisely, and ensure to take a bath in lukewarm water to get rid of the sweat.
Take some time out from your busy schedule and do something you really enjoy. Maybe a hobby or something that you wanted for a long time and never found the time to do it. It could be painting, singing, dancing, or a walk through the woods. Anything that helps you relax.
Talk your problems out with your dermatologist, your friends and your loved ones. It will give you a clarity and help you to manage your eczema.
If you experience high levels of stress and pressure, yoga and meditation is the best way to relieve mental pressure and calm you down. The important thing here is to find what suits you the best and which reduces your stress levels, so do spend some time to find what relaxes you the most.
It’s completely fine when we sweat in the gym, not when we sweat almost all the time. Embarrassment embraces us slowly when we sweat throughout the day. Such a condition characterized by excessive sweating is Hyperhidrosis.
Hyperhidrosis, also known as polyhidrosis or seborrhea, is a condition that makes you sweat so much that it soaks through your clothes or drips off your hands. When you have this condition, it feels like almost anything can open your sweat glands, from eating something spicy to just sitting in a room.
The most common form of hyperhidrosis is called primary hyperhidrosis. With this type, the nerves responsible for signaling your sweat glands become overactive, even though they haven’t been triggered by physical activity or a rise in temperature. With stress, the problem becomes even worse. This type usually affects your palms and soles and sometimes your face. There is no medical cause for this type of hyperhidrosis. It may have a hereditary reason.
Secondary hyperhidrosis occurs when excessive sweating is due to a medical condition. It’s more likely to cause sweating all over your body and is not very common.
People diagnosed with hyperhidrosis typically describe bilateral sweating, which is evenly distributed on both sides of the body, such as both armpits.
Hyperhidrosis can lead to skin infections including folliculitis or cellulitis due to unevaporated sweat leading to conditions whereby bacteria can thrive. Poorly aerated regions of the body such as the underarms and feet can allow bacterial and fungal infections to spread rapidly if patients don’t practice good hygiene.
People suffering from Hyperhidrosis usually wait for a long-term before coming out. But this problem actually has tons of treatment options, so you don’t have to suffer in the pool of sweat forever. Feel free to discuss the issue for a stress-free life!
Pruritus is the sensation or the urge to scratch. If this sensation occurs at old age it is known as Senile Pruritus. This condition can be termed as a long term condition extending over 6 weeks among the elderly. Pruritus is by no means a life threatening disease but the constant urge to itch and scratch can give a person many sleepless nights, and can also cause mental stress, depression and have a negative impact on ones day to day life.
Certain skin changes: A decrease in skin surface lipids, or a reduced production of sweat and oil, also the skin takes more time to repair.
Certain diseases: Seborrehic dermatitis and statisdermatisis may cause irritation of the skin. Other diseases that can cause senile pruritus are liver diseases, kidney disease, diabetes and depression.
The use of moisturizers will ensure your skin stays smooth and will help prevent drying. Do not scratch the lesions it will only make it worse. In certain cases if the itching goes to an extreme the use of anti-allergy drugs will help relieve the sensation. Ensuring simple steps such as applying moisturizer, wearing loose clothing, taking a bath in lukewarm water will help to keep your skin dry free and hydrated.
Senile pruritus is not a life threatening disease but it can cause a lot of discomfort and anxiety issues. In case if the itching worsens, visit the dermatologist immediately.
If you find your skin often drying out, cracked, flaky or if you feel it’s too oily it can be a sign that your ph levels are imbalanced. A lot of people don’t understand what pH is and how it affects our skin. A bit of knowledge and learning about what and how pH affects us can go a long way in improving our overall skin care.
PH stands for potential hydrogen. pH helps to measure the level of acidity or alkalinity of a solution. On the pH scale 7 is neutral anything above 12 is deemed alkaline. The human skin operates at a naturally slightly acidic level of 5.5. If you feel your skin is too dry or flakey most likely it is too alkaline, whereas if you feel your skin is too oily and you see breakouts it’s likely to be acidic.
So what are the steps that you can take to maintain an ideal pH level? First and foremost it is really important to eat right. The food that you include in your diet plays a vital role in the levels of pH in your body. A lot of green leafy vegetables, nuts, fruits and whole grains are to be consumed for good overall health. Avoid having items that are heavy in sugar, caffeine. These put a strain on a strain on your body if consumed regularly over a period of time.
Another important factor is choosing a right skincare routine that suits your specific skin needs. Use products that mention pH balanced and contain good antioxidants, the right acids and are chemical free.
A basic understanding of ph levels and how it impacts your skin goes a long way in improving ones overall health.
Cure Medical Centers held an exciting Health Day at Bureau Veritas on 22nd September. Renowned Cardiologist, Dr. Elie Zoghbi, gave a lecture on Hypertension and Diabetes, how they affect the body and how to prevent them. The employees of Bureau Veritas had their body fat analysis checked by our Nutritionist Vanessa Chihan, and gave advice on healthy choices. The CURE team made health checks for all the staff by checking Blood Pressure, Sugar Glucose, Vision and Lung Function Test. We would like to thank Nasco and Bureau Veritas for making this a successful event!
It may be typical of the pro-Obama Dungeons & Dragons crowd to disparage a fellow countryman's memory of war from the comfort of mom's basement.
Just like Koch Work, more Fascist Decrees from the Koch Brothers (would you like Fries with that Fascism?)
No, no, no! Don't get all excited. Charles Koch took time away from telling Scott Walker what to do and not paying Taxes in Kansas to explain how paying Poor people money for their work is actually harming them;
We want to do a better job of raising up the disadvantaged and the poorest in this country, rather than saying ‘Oh, we’re just fine now.’ We’re not saying that at all. What we’re saying is, we need to analyze all these additional policies, these subsidies, this cronyism, this avalanche of regulations, all these things that are creating a culture of dependency. And like permitting, to start a business, in many cities, to drive a taxicab, to become a hairdresser. Anything that people with limited capital can do to raise themselves up, they keep throwing obstacles in their way. And so we’ve got to clear those out. Or the minimum wage. Or anything that reduces the mobility of labor.
See, it would be better if Businesses could pay people less or perhaps in "Company Scrip" while workers live in Company Towns buying their goods and services from the Company Store. Then workers need not worry about transportation costs or housing expenses!
The patterns of the Corporate Fascist Takeover are so readily prevalent that McDonald's felt entirely releasing a report on how Workers can survive under McFascism.
The McDonald's Budget would be laughable if it wasn't for the tragedy facing millions of Americans living in Wage Slavery. McDonald's allocates $0 for food and $20 for monthly healthcare. And to make matters more grotesque after the 35 hours at minimum wage flipping burgers and mopping out toilets, McDonald's had to add an additional $1000 in income (presumably at your other Mickey D's minimum wage job) to make the budget work. Oh and by the way, while logging 70-80 hours a week smelling like a Big Mac you can't spend anything on child care.
The historic function of fascism is to smash the working class, destroy its organizations and stifle liberties when the capitalists find themselves unable to govern and dominate with the help of democratic machinery. - Leon Trotsky
The Koch Brothers are fascists. McDonald's Corporate Board is fascist. Wall Street is fascist. Their goals are to completely neuter any Unions, organizations, groups, regulations or laws which could challenge their Plutocratic Machinations. There is a plethora of evil in that comment by Charles Koch. Eliminate regulations, conflating the social safety net with cronyism, the doublespeak of enhancing "mobility of labor". And a banal disregard for people in McDonald's Practical Money Skills For Life pdf.
Right now the Plutocracy need not worry about the Working Class, because the wholly owned Republican Party and so-called Pro-Business Democrats, are dutifully fulfilling their role as their Handmaidens and Guard Dogs of the Rich.
The Federal Government and increasingly State Governments respond increasingly to the wants and whims of the Rich and only the Rich.
Wall Street and The Kochs aren't merely content with destroying Unions but with setting up a self-sustaining system in which the only people who pay taxes are the Middle and Working Class to fund, at first a dwindling Social Safety Nets, Arts, the EPA, until their Handmaidens successfully eliminate those programs and eventually all the taxes paid by the 99% are funneled as Corporate Welfare into the coffers of the Captains of Finance, Industry and the Military.
I forgot to add Jane Mayer's reporting in the New Yorker showing how Charles and David Koch subvert the "Democratic Machinery" in regards to Climate Change. While their Think Tanks, Oil Conglomerate and Coal Mine Owners spew endless streams of propaganda to confuse and befuddle people, The Koch Brothers have signed pledges from their Handmaidens in DC to which they have promised to vote against legislation relating to climate change unless it is accompanied by an equivalent amount of tax cuts.
Over at Green Eagle blogspot is a story of Legerdermain by Goldman Sachs and the shuffling of Aluminum ingots which shows how the Captains of Finance aren't "Creating" Anything but using chicanery to "make money"
Better a Hundred Guilty Men should go Free than an Innocent One should go to jail. Well, George Zimmerman's just become One of a Hundred.
Zimmerman is guilty but, he's been acquitted because his victim is of no consequence. The facts surrounding this Killing show beyond a "reasonable doubt" that George Zimmerman is Guilty Second Degree Murder. Which is why Right-Wingers have been screaming into the Internet for a year and a half to get Zimmerman off.
Martin's background has no bearing on the incidents surrounding the night of his murder. Setting aside the fact he committed no crime on his final night on earth, his past marijuana use and minor incidents at school were unknown that night to his killer and thus can not have played a role in Zimmerman's decision to ensure this one wasn't going to get away.
Zimmerman hadn't witnessed anything other than a "suspicious" young black male was walking around the neighborhood. What made Martin suspicious? There's a reason Towns used to have Signs which read: Ni[clang], Don't Let the Sun Set on Your Black Ass in Town. Walking while Black is still a crime in most of America.
In Law Enforcement paralance, Zimmerman is a "White Hispanic" just as he was refered to. While, Race is a bullshit construct designed to seperate people, Law Enforcement in most States still adhere to the Black/White/Hispanic/Asian paradigm. And Hispanic is broken into Black and White subgroups. You need not believe me, simply ask any Illinois Police Officer. But, notice how ignorant Right-Wingers jumped upon the label as Proof Positive! the Liberal Media was trying to railroad poor innocent Georgie.
George Zimmerman is 250+ pounds of soft bubble gum. His former MMA instructor could see it, testyfing he was "just physically soft" and "non-athletic". His girlfriend who accused Zimmerman of Domestic Violence, knew he was soft. The Police from multiple contacts with Georgie, his 46 calls to 911, and his arrest for Battery to a Police Officer no doubt knew he was soft. And soft, wide-waisted, flabby assed wannabes like Zimmerman need that Gun to Prove their tough.
And man, once you have that Gun on your hip, it's weight just screeeeeeeeams for the need to be pulled to prove yourself.
Beyond the blathering of Zimmerman's Defense Attorneys, "Martin armed himself with a sidewalk" for instance, repeatedly badgered Martin's mother to admit Trayvon was responsible for his own death.
Trayvon Martin was under no legal obligation to stop for Zimmerman or to explain his presence in the area to him. None. Trayvon was entirely within his rights to be in that neighborhood.
And the whole incident would have been over when Zimmerman told the Sanford Dispatcher , "Shit he's Running," if Zimmerman had chosen not to follow a young man who had committed No Crime. Zimmerman had no legal authority to follow or confront Martin. But, Zimmerman wasn't going this "asshole get away".
Martin did the right thing by running at first but, (and we'll never know the unbiased true sequence of events) he must have decided he'd run long enough from this "creepy-ass cracker".
If there's a Stand Your Ground case to have been made it would have been for Martin. But, despite being within his rights Trayvon made what proved to be a fatal mistake. The entire defense of Zimmerman was based on portraying Trayvon, a young black man out at night in a hoodie as suspicious and complicit in his death. And they're right.
Zimmerman told the Sanford Dispatcher, "This guy looks like he's up to no good, or he's on drugs or something. It's raining and he's just walking around, looking about."
Of course, Zimmerman thought Trayvon Martin was "up to no good" and "on drugs". As he told Dispatch he's black. And this is America. Young Black Males are a priori assumed to be Guilty of something.
Zimmerman hadn't seen him commit a Burglary. Zimmerman hadn't looked at Martin's pupils and couldn't have gotten a whiff of anything while seated in his car with it raining outside to claim Martin was on drugs, other than knowing he was black. But when Martin ran as he knew he was one of those assholes who always got away and Zimmerman the Self-Appointed Watch Captain wasn't going to let this one get away.
Zimmerman admitted on the 911 call that he was following Martin. The Sanford Dispatcher is a Sworn Law Enforcement Officer, so yes she had the legal power to order Zimmerman not to follow Martin. Too bad she phrased her instruction to him as, "We don't need you to do that."
But, that doesn't matter now. Zimmerman's been acquitted, Martin's still dead, and Gun Violence rules the Land.
So, as Rand Paul's intimate connection with Jack "The Southern Avenger" Hunter, an unabashed White Power Neo-Confederacy Racist, stays in the News Cycle. Rand is trying to figure out how to minimize the damage.
So, Rand hit upon the awesome explanation while being interviewed by Howard Fineman. The Confederate Flag is like Smoking Pot once! And "I've got a lot of people working for me"! And "can't people have a Youth and Stuff"! And "Wet- T-Shirt Contests"!
Now, if Paul meant the Confederate Flag was only fit for Burning then I agree with his Pot analogy but, we all know everything Rand Paul says is geared to ensure the Rand the Grifter keeps on Grifting.
You see Rand Paul is not interested in governing or creating a more perfect Union but in lining his pockets with money fleeced from duped and ignorant rubes. As such his "principled" Stand Against DroneZ or his much bally-hooed sojourn to Howard University to whitesplain the merits of the Republican Party and his nonsense explanations about the Southern Avenger are nothing more than gimmicks to keep the money flowing to his pockets.
It's just rotten luck for Rand Paul, just like his father, that these Neo-Confederate, white supremacists, StormFront affiliated racists keep finding their way into their inner circles? Jeez, staunch State's Rights Proponents just can't seem to catch a break!
Leading the Way towards Fascist America is Scott Walker the personal valet for the Koch Take Over of the Nation.
At the moment that the "normal" police and military resources of the bourgeois dictatorship, together with their parliamentary screens, no longer suffice to hold society in a state of equilibrium - the turn of the fascist regime arrives. - Leon Trotsky 27 Jan 1932.
Up in Northern Wisconsin, a mining company named Gogebic Taconite was approved by the Republican Wisconsin Legislature to engage in a massive mining operation which will devastate and befoul Lake Superior and the surrounding pristine Northwoods environment. Protests have been staged, so Gogenic Taconite hired Bulletproof Security to stalk the area in pseudo-military vehicles carrying semi-automatic rifles and wearing fully decked out camo uniforms.
Duped Conservatives and apologists for Corporate Malfesance defended the Walker and the Parliamentary Screens when they passed legislation which allowed Plutocrats to buy up Wisconsin's public utilities and public resources for whatever price the Plutocrats wanted as long as the Wisconsin Republican got a nice little kickback.
While everyone is focused on slimy Scott Walker's Independence Day Rape Wand Signature, and rightly so, the Corporate Overlords are ensuring they get to extract money, power, and resources from Wisconsin at rock bottom prices.
The Rich are interested in maximizing their profits, the Great Lakes be damned. Another Wisconsin/Michigan based company Lake Michigan Carferry uses the last coal-fired ship on the lake, the S.S. Badger which as it travels from its home port of Ludington, MI, to Manitowoc, WI, it dumps 509 tons of coal ash into Lake Michigan each year – a quantity greater than the total waste dumped annually by the 125 other largest ships operating on the Great Lakes.
“The S.S. Badger, the filthiest ship on the Great Lakes, has been given two more years to dump hundreds of tons of dangerous coal ash into Lake Michigan. The millions of people who live, work and play in and around this beautiful Lake should be outraged that this filthy ship will continue to operate,” said Senator Dick Durbin.
But, Senator Durbin the Rich run the US Government. So the flithy owner of the S.S. Badger, Robert Manglitz, used his connections and legalese to bypass and ignore laws. Manglitz got the S.S. Badger originally a barge whose keel was laid in 1953 and was later refitted to transport cars, declared a "historical site" in both Michigan and Wisconsin.
Manglitz has called Coal Ash "Harmless Sand" though I doubt he's ever relaxed on a sunny beach made out of it.
Destroying the Teachers' Union was a step, eliminating Public Service Employees Collective Bargaining powers was a step, selling off public resources to whichever company gives the Corporate Owned Politicians was another step, allowing Companies which rape and despoil the environment, to field paramilitary squads threatening to gun down protesters while defending Corporate Crimes is another step.
The Koch Brothers like to style themselves Libertarians, but you can know them by their true name Fascists. Like their Plutocratic brethern on Wall Street, the Kochs have set up multiple avenues of attack to deter and confuse the American People from identifying their true enemy the Koch Brothers themselves and the Capitalist Bourgeoisie.
Through the fascist agency, capitalism sets in motion the masses of crazed petty bourgeoisie and bands of declassed and demoralized lumpenproletariat - all countless human beings whom finance capital itself has brought to desperation and frenzy. - Leon Trotsky, What is Fascism?
Wall Street, the Rich Plutocrats and the Banking and Finance Industry brought the economy to ruin through their legerdermain, degenerate gambling and rampant criminal theft and then turned around and blamed the Poor and Unions.
Then they unleashed their hordes of duped and battered conservative drones to blame other middle and working class peoples for the devastation wrought by the Banksters.
Exactly, as Trotsky wrote 80 years ago, The fascists find their human material mainly in the petty bourgeoisie.The latter has been entirely ruined by big capital. There is no way out for it in the present social order, but it knows of no other. Its dissatisfaction, indignation, and despair are diverted by the fascists away from big capital and against the workers.
Having attended the Socialism 2013 Conference (June 27-30 at the Crowne Plaza in Rosemont, Illinois) I was able to hear Glenn Greenwald, the Special Guest Speaker on the Friday Night closing Forum. Greenwald received near unamious support and acclaim from the crowd. I reserved my applause and declined to give him a standing ovation.
Of course, Greenwald's appearance was done via Skype as he is persona non grata in the States these days. But, he is also unwelcome by many liberals and Left Bloggers.
But, Jeremy Scahill was fervent in his praise and adulation towards Glenn Greenwald. In one of the sessions, Richard Seymour spoke of Greenwald's "Libertarian Marxism".
I'm conflicted about Greenwald. I aboslutely agree with him on the Subserveince of the Media. Greenwald related several ancedotal stories of David Gregory and the New York Times Editor-in-
Chief proudly proclaiming the Pentagon or some Governmental Spokesperson giving their official stamp of approval to the Reporting being done on them. The Modern Media are no longer journalists in any sense of the word, but are Stenographers for those in Power.
But, 3 days after speaking to group of Out-Right Marxists Glenn appeared on Fox & Friends and was approvingly interviewed by Eric Bolling, about the Obama Administrations intimidation of "whistleblowers".
"We were certainly safe between 2000 and 2008. I don't remember any terrorist attacks on American soil during that period of time." - Eric Bolling
I think Greenwald's analysis of Snowden is for the most part correct. Edward Snowden isn't some egocentric fame-seeker (Glenn used the term Fame Whore) or doing this for monetary reward. But, his revelations aren't exactly ground breaking news if one were say aware of the 1992 movie Sneakers or had been paying attention during the George W. Bush Regime.
And that is what's troubling about Glenn's reporting and Snowden's revelations; Why did it take so long?
All of a sudden after 7 years of being a Sysadmin Spook Snowden chooses to become whistleblower? 13 years after the Patriot Act was signed Greenwald's worried about US Spying Operations?
Snowden and Greenwald were in contact before Snowden got his job with Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH). Snowden explicitly stated he went to work for the NSA-affiliated BAH in order to use their structure to access classified intel collected in part by the NSA and other organizations. His application to BAH isn't like the one page sheet you turn into McDonald's. So when did he hatch his plan to get a job with the contractor knowing their classified doc handling and SCIF security was not up to the same levels as the CIA and NSA. And would Snowden have done the same if Mitt Romney were now President?
Now, the interesting aspect of the NSA/Prism/Greenwald is it's shattering affect of the Left/Right paradigm. Which is always good because the It's Okay if Your a ____, is tedious and shows a lack of fiber for doing what is correct.
One of the recent allegations to be leveled at Snowden is according to Ars Technica, Snowden was a regular commentator since at least 2006, under the handle The True HOOHA.
His alleged online beliefs were firmly in support of spying, 'Those people should be shot in the balls' and against Leakers, 'They’re like wikileaks. You don’t put that shit in the NEWSPAPER.' The True HOOHA also was a firm believer in pushing young IT adept and Server Savvy people into working for the computer/intelligence side of the MIC, "Thank God for wars."
Why did those beliefs change? I don't automatically conclude that Snowden is lying or is simply Hating Obama and I believe a reasoned change of mind and re-evaluation of ones' beliefs is possible. And Snowden is correct (and I envy him for this) that, "Being called a traitor by Dick Cheney is the highest honor you can give an American." But, is that what is going on here with Snowden and with, by extension, Greenwald?
So, what am I to make of Greenwald's tacit acceptance of the Bush Era Surveillance and Warmongering and his bositeroius ardent hatred of Surveillance and Warmongering now?
And what exactly does everyone want President Obama to have done and do about the NSA? Should he have unillaterally decalred the Executive would not be enforcing the Patriot Act ala DOMA? Should he be pressuring Congress to curtail the budget for the CIA and NSA and elimination of the Drone seciton of the DoD? Should the US not spy on anyone? Is this really about Privacy?
Today is the 4th of July. Every June, July and August resident complaints about fireworks skyrocket in my town. Now why is that?
Besides Municipal Ordinances, Illinois still has a multiple laws and regulations in reference to Fireworks; 425 ILCS 30, the Fireworks Regulation Act of Illinois.
Why don't the Lovers of Liberty move to strike down Laws infringing upon fireworks makers and users?
The reason they don't is because most Second Amendment Screamers are witting or unwitting tools for Gun Manufacturers and the Merchants of Death. Fireworks don't make enough $$$ to get the Gun Lobby motivated to file challenges under the False Flag of Defending Rights and Liberty.
By July 9th Illinois has been ordered to have a Concealed Carry Law adopted due to the 2010 case McDonald v. Chicago. In that 5-4 ruling, SCOTUS exercised an INCREDIBLE OVERREACH of BIG GOVERNMENT from UNELECTED JUDGES LEGISLATING from the BENCH, by holding that the Second Amendment was incorporated under the Fourteenth Amendment thus local, county and state governments have no rights in reference to Guns.
Of course, the word "Gun" appears nowhere in the Second Amendment. And besides the Stare Decisis of "Well Regulated" there is no clear definition of what "Arms shall not be infringed".
Small explosives have long been weapons and components of a military's hardware. By the time the Founders wrote the Bill of Rights, there was already an established tradition of individual soldiers armed with explosives, Grenadiers, as opposed to Fusiliers.
So, it's not cut and dried that Arms refers to Guns. But, what's clear is negligent discharges, unattended guns being used by children to kill children, and unlawful shootings of innocents are going up.
I'm not talking about murders but of these bizarre scenarios such as in an Oakland Wingstop where a Second Amendment Hero murdered two employees:
The sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing, said the men in the orange vests came in to order food but ended up running to the freezer section in the back of the restaurant, possibly because they felt threatened by a third party.
At least one of the customers was armed, the sources said, and shot the two employees when they went to the freezer to see why the customers had gone there.
The federal Loan Rate for approximately 7 million Students doubled on Monday. Federal law has set the rate for new subsidized Stafford loans at 6.8 percent, up from 3.4 percent.
We are living in an Ultra-Reactionary Time when the Ruling Class doesn't just want to reassert the Dominance of Neo-Feudal Capitalism but crush the hopes of the Working Class and Middle Class.
So of course Congress didn't do anything about the Student Loan Rate. With a few exceptions Senators Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders being the two loudest proponents, the Ultra- Reactionary Republican Party and the Pro-Business Democratic Party are enforcing the Neo-Liberal Economic Strategy in an attempt to grind the Middle Class out of existence and return the 99% to the Status of Wage Slavery; Cogs in the Gears of Industry and Massive Debt for a career in the Petty Bourgeoisie.
Of course, it shows the utter hyporcisy of the Free Marketers. The Stafford Loan rate isn't determined by "The Market" but by fiat from the Congress. So, it's just another way in which Capitalism is a rigged game, for the Banking Institutions get their federal loan rate set by the Federal Reserve. It's currently set at 0.75% for Big Predatory Banks.
Labels: debt, don't believe in capitalism, Economics, neoliberal, petty bourgeois, ultra reactionary, wage slavery
A friend once called me a "Gen-Xer who refuses to give up slacking, even if no one cares to make him..."
“Thank you very much Grung for saving my soul and undoubtedly the souls of any other human beings who read your brilliantly laid out retort.” - Dusty, Cult of Dusty
"you lied... you are ignorant... you see what you want to see... Don't attempt to even try to belitle me with your immaturity." - Mandy
"Thanks for pointing out that the two biggest assets of the RRS aren't necessarily boob one and boob two." - Kelly of the Rational Response Squad
"I've visited your site before, and I want to tell you this isn't personal, but I don't like your smarmy comments and the way you conduct yourself..."- Blue Pit Bull
"...you do a good job describing the obvious in a form of intelli-rage that comes across fresh and to the point." - Gwendolyn H. Barry.
"I hate your blog, so when it appeared on my Wordpress' "incoming links" (for no apparent reason), I was all set to mock this entry, but I found nothing wrong with it whatsoever..." - Francois Tremblay
One last thing before I go. I made a CPD friend aware of your blog. He doesn't think you're genuine either but he's looking into you and your posts. But whatever the case he's looking for you and if he finds you he wants for all of your colleagues to see your blog and where you stand on the issues. Later homie! - ChickenHammer
P)CTC Podcast #7 – Progressives – Stop Playing Defense - In this ep[isode of the podcast, I explain how always playing defense is killing the progressive movement. It’s time to play offense and start making progr...
Links to Words and Photos Live Here - Hi. I'm still here. Sometimes. Some updates: In late June, I interviewed a student veteran using his Post-9/11 GI Bill to attend the same university n...
Tuesday Open Thread - I miss the series “Underground.” How about you? I’m on a Harriet Tubman research trip. You know she’s from my home state of Maryland. I hope you enjoy thes...
If The Right Wants To Legislate Video Games, They Might Ought To Consider "Freedom of Speech" - After Newtown, like after any great tragedy where lives are lost in a mass-shooting, you automatically know that the Modern American Right will blam...
Starting A New Blog Adventure! - Hey everyone! Welcome to my blog i'm so glad you are here! You are so welcome:) I'm starting this blog after taking a writing class at school. I plan to us...
Christmas Eve 2015 - A friend writes to me: I understand--I really do understand--the sentiment which says that a political discussion can be dangerous, can lead to blows, or a...
Soldier to be Court Martialed In Iraq, Away From Counsel - US military plans to extradite stop-lossed Iraq war vet to Iraq for court martial over protest rap song Fort Stewart, Ga. – The US military plans to extra...
Republican In Florida Broke The Law And Allowed Illegal Voting By E-Mail - No one ever accused this guy of being smart.
Friends and colleagues remember Alan Colmes - Howard Kurtz pays tribute to Alan here (the page also includes Alan’s friend Bill Hemmer making the on-air announcement of Alan’s passing on FOX News Chann...
FRIDAY 'ROUND-THE-HORN. - *Let's get real, real gone for a change.* *• * It's pretty clear that Florida Man Rick Scott and his cronies are trying to gank the vote and that the GOP h...
Patrick Adkins - Ignorant, Hypocritical, Right-Wing Coward - So, I'm back from hiatus, if only for this post. I came across a Tweet (man, I HATE this 'communication' medium) from a person named Patrick Adkins, who po...
Oh, the irony... - Ironic Times *Trump Asserts Authority to Ban Asylum Claims* Unless you're fleeing oppressive taxes and want to buy a condo. *Good News: Nazi Loses Bid For ...
'Knife fighter' Melania Trump grabs more power as White House infighting nears 'Civil War-like levels': report - John Kelly hasn't been able to control anything in the Trump White House First Lady Melania Trump has been throwing her weight around more when it comes ...
Happy 4th of July: A Boston celebration in video's from the past - A couple recent discoveries to enhance your Fourth of July: Happy Fourth of July!! Boston Pops last 4 minutes of the 1812 Overture. Wow! Boston Pops...
ABLC Has Moved!! - Please visit me at my new home at RH Reality Check. I am not redirecting this URL because all of my archives are here. So, to recap: Archives here, new co...
Choose Yer "Pizen." - [image: Image result for fox news channel] This, to yer ol' perfesser, is what's called a "*specious*" argument. It LOOKS reasonable and rational, but the p...
Saudi Arabia and the Canadian Arms Lobby - Will they cancel the contract or won’t they? In order to understand Ottawa’s decision making process regarding General Dynamics’ massive arms deal with S...
Racist Snowflake Mike Bost is Worried About Maoist Struggle Session at Town Halls #racistsnowflake - Mike Bost’s entire political brand is being an asshole. “Enough! I feel like somebody trying to be released from Egypt! Let my people go!” he hollers. “T...
Jordan Peterson debunks a lot of myths + lower cost health care - *SOFT FASCISTS - WELL MEANING BUT DANGEROUS* The tv host is typical of the weaponized activists who treat anyone with a different logic channel as undesira...
Fox News playing Joseph Goebbels - Fox News is playing the role of Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels to Trump’s Hitler. Is this your typical election hyperbole? Every election is filled w...
The Islamic State - Vice - August 2014 on Vice The Islamic State, a hardline Sunni jihadist group that formerly had ties to al Qaeda, has conquered large swathes of Iraq and Syria. ...
self-righteous bigot - “Bigot” is one of those words that I’ve always associated with truly nasty people. The type of people that will hate others just because of a different cul...
People Love Miracle Stories. Why Not Play Along? - So why not live with the magic? Be a kid again and believe in the fantastical. Life is more fun with a little smoke and mirrors.” ― L.H. Cosway, Six of Hea...
A Railroad? In Laos? - Back in 1969 I was assigned to our embassy in Laos to be our press attache â€” the official spokesman for a murderous, illegal, pointless, undeclared, un...
New website for all things “Badger Democracy” - Thanks to everyone who has followed my blog “Badger Democracy” for the past 4 years! All things evolve. As I continue to provide resources and consultation...
Who would win a new American Civil War? - Talk of another American Civil War is going mainstream. The MAGAts don’t seem to mind. They think they’ll win one if it happens. They are, of course, wrong...
On the Road and In Your Backyard - Good Morning All, On The Road and In Your Backyard is a weekday feature spotlighting reader submissions. From the exotic to the familiar, please share your...
Indeed! - Our Bozo-in-Chief, insults not only dead veterans, but live ones as well. What a bottom sucking scumbag he is. Don't know if it is true, or not, but suppos...
Donald Trump as clueless about coal miners as Kentucky’s political leaders - In March of 1990, I was six-years old, living in Whitesburg, Kentucky, the heart of the southeastern Kentucky coal fields in Letcher County. Had I come acr...
Big Change on the Workfront - I have been with the same employer for twelve years, starting off as a part-timer, but eventually becoming head of my small department due to my computer l...
- *Neighbors say that it's the greasy kids' stuff **Gavin * *McInnes puts on his hair that really turns them **off.*
Not All Dogs Go To Heaven - (If you’re feeling like some embiggenation, click the dog-man’s handcuffs.) Bizarro is brought to you this week by The Hair Club For Men’s Spring Dance. Fo...
MLB Bullets wonders what a Sod Poodle is - Bryce Harper is a free agent. The Phillies are shopping Carlos Santana. Rookie of the Year arguments are demolished. The Sod Poodles have arrived. Good...
Schumer Continues To Play Confrontational Games With GOP - This is some of the nonsense around Washington that annoys so many Americans…probably including many of those who voted for President Donald Trump…that i...
Ep 466 The Professional Left Podcast - Link for this episode: Join the campaign to boycott Fox News advertisers via Media Matters.
Excelsior - An EPA admin. is indicted, Trump is still pissed about the midterms, and Trump loses tracks of former Gitmo prisoners.
Trump Won't Take North Korean Threat Seriously - On Monday, the *New York Times* reported that North Korea “is moving ahead with its ballistic missile program at 16 hidden bases that have been identifie...
Dark Lord Day 2014 - No, I didn't start worshiping Satan (Yet). Dark Lord Day is a beer festival at 3 Floyds Brewery in Munster, Indiana, up near Chicago. The last Saturday in ...
Hope and Change at the pump. - On the day Obama was inaugurated, the nationwide average for gas at the pump was $1.78. How's that "hope and change" workin' out for ya? Pretty well, actu...
New Court Rulings Favor Voters Amid Election Count Fiascos in FL, GA: 'BradCast' 11/13/2018 - The Trump dumpster fire continues at the White House today, with CNN filing a lawsuit to restore White House press credentials for White House corresponden...
The 2018 Post Mortem Wrangle - Everybody's got an opinion the week after the landslide, and the Texas Progressive Alliance rounds up the best (and worst) of them in a ride around the Tex...
Contest announced to name the rehabbed Illinois State Fairgrounds Coliseum - A contest to name the historic Illinois State Fairgrounds Coliseum is underway. The Illinois Fairgrounds Foundation announced the contest Tuesday. It run...
Trump Unhappy with DHS Secretary - President Trump is apparently going to replace Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, according to the Washington Post. Trump canceled a planned tri...
Bachmann Equates Gays with Barbarians...Conan Confused. - How dare you call me undisciplined?Marcus Bachmann, Michele's Old Testament overlord, thinks gays are “barbarians [who] need to be educated. They need to ...
There's nothing new under the sun - Everything else is being rebooted, I'm just joining the zeitgeist. Come see us at the new place.
It prohibited their ability - Well that was the best laugh I’ve had in a few hours. Five hours ago: Pangburn Philosophy cancels all the things. (You remember what “Pangburn Philosophy...
The House Has Gone Democratic. Can It Now Go Bold? - Democrats now have a comfortable majority in the U.S. House. Can they use this to reach disenchanted non-voters? That all depends on their eagerness to thi...
Place your bets: When will Adam Schiff be "Frankened"? - I've said it before: The Me Too moral panic is a weapon designed to hurt only Republicans, not Democrats. Republican politicians can't be hurt because Repu...
Not Sure If I Should Feel Guilty About The Laughter - Guten Tag. So, I occasionally work with someone who told us that the primary VA facility in the Twin Cities was hiring building engineers. Another person ...
And deep in Miller's Cave... - Of course, our grotesquerie of a president decided that it was horrible that these disasters keep piling up, stoked by a combination of overheated rhetoric...
Manual Cinema’s Frankenstein is technically dazzling and emotionally cold - The latest version of the story presented in Chicago is inflected with bits of Mary Shelley's personal life. Onto Court Theatre's spacious, moodily lit st...
The Homeless Soul Road - I hear Jackson Browne sing, “The road is filled with homeless souls.” How breathtakingly horrific it must be to grab your kids and just start walking. I ...
Obnoxious Humans are Still Human - Some people are very difficult to accept. They are hateful and obnoxious, loud, stupid. We’ve seen quite a few of these types now that the Nazis have bubbl...
Ruth Marcus, High Priestess of Bothsidesdoitism - The Bothsidesdoitist faith isn't technically a religion, but it might as well be: it's the belief system that the Village pundits and opinionators all subs...
Snake-Handling Preacher Dies from Snake Bite - A friend brought to my attention a story coming out of West Virginia yesterday. Pastor Randy “Mack” Wolford, a snake-handling Pentecostal preacher, has die...
Top Ten Election 2018 Thoughts - By Jeff Simpson It is a new day in Wisconsin with the end in sight finally of the Scott Walker reign. Tony Evers and Mandela Barnes will be the next G...
Life Story - Some people front-load their condition in life The what could have been’s the almosts The man who reaches across to me on the train needs connection with m...
Apple should not unlock "the iPhone" - Doing so will open Pandora's metaphorical box. In order to unlock the phone, Apple would have to write software that was never intended to exist. Imagine ...
Israel’s Mockery of Security: 101 Actions Israel Could Take - Here it is. A quick compilation, with the generous assistance of several friends here in Palestine, and with a few items selected from the umpteen reports ...
Bitcoin's prosperity. - While some of my predictions for Bitcoin have come true (the rise of alternative digital currencies, for example), there is one factor that I did not accou...
Armistice Day - It’s 100 years since the Armistice that brought an end to fighting on the Western Front of the Great War. Ten million soldiers or more were dead, and even ...
The Blocker Awards: Day Two - Blocking people on Twitter is usually a trivial thing and often a necessary thing. I do it all the time -- it almost always involves 10-follower MAGA wh...
Where Is Donald? Veterans Day Edition - Today, Veterans Day 2018, the President of the United States stayed in the White House. He did not go to Arlington National Cemetery to lay a wreath. He ...
DuPage Airport business tenants owe thousands in back taxes - For years, tenants renting land or buildings at the DuPage Airport to run their businesses have not been paying property taxes. DuPage County Treasurer Gwe...
Abby Martin: Why America? Mass Shootings and White Nationalism Share Roots - Dandelion Salad With Abby Martin Empire Files on Nov 12, 2018 Since October 2017, America experienced three of the deadliest mass shootings in modern histo...
When Fascism Comes To America - This Sunday, to bookend the week of midterm elections, I’d like to offer a second Sunday sermon. I want to share some considerations that expound on last ...
A she-monster escapes accountability - Dylan McEwen acted in and created graphic child pornography, but a Canadian judge decided that women cannot be pedophiles and let her off easy. You know, b...
The Lottery And The Fine Tuning Argument - To be clear, we are not certain the physical constants of the universe can vary and if they can, by how much. It is the assumption of those who use the fin...
Acting AG Matt Whitaker Scrutinized over His Radical Judicial Beliefs & Past Dirty Work for GOP - Controversy is growing over President Trump's selection of Matt Whitaker to serve as acting attorney general following the ousting of Jeff Sessions. The st...
Monday Morning Quarterbacking - America once admired courage. Now its highest political leaders and many citizens attack it. Because courage is challenging what America stands for. Does...
Greetings. - Hi, everyone- Just a note to let you know I'm still alive and kicking. I changed jobs a while back and have been in charge of a pretty massive project that...
Resources for April 1, 2014 - Morin, Roc. "Assault Rifles for Christ." *Vice* (March 28, 2014) Barlow, Maude, Richard Grossman and Thomas Linzey. "When Lawmaking Becomes Rebellion (Wate...
Hi Guys! I'm not Allowed to Hate Republicans Anymore! - They monopolize everything it turns out even hate! However, no worries, I'm your boy and I won't desert you. I'm still here just at a new more politica...
Working at a Big 8 Peace Firm, a Look Back - War activists, like peace activists, push for an agenda. We don’t think of them as activists because they rotate in and out of government positions, recei...
'Ghost' Dwarf Galaxy Found Hiding at the Edge of the Milky Way - An international team of astronomers can't fully explain the “ghost” galaxy that they discovered about 130,000 light-years from the edge of the Milky Way. ...
Convenient Demonologies: Stopping Migrant Caravans - President Donald J. Trump has been engaged with berating human caravans, a spectacle that might have been odd in another era. At first instance, it all se...
The Official Dogs Against Romney book is coming - and your dog can be in it! - Hello, pack! The election is in the past and we made history. Now, the history book is being written and we want your pet to be IN the book. Please check o...
flooded with rivulets of thought cascading into a waterfall of creative alternatives - It's HEDLEY! ntodd
The Democrats Will Lose Again - I was all set to rant about the ineptitude of the Democratic party, but William Astore at Bracing Views beat me to the punch: Meanwhile, Democratic offici...
New Blog! - Thanks to all the Donkeylicious readers who have followed us over the years! Those who are interested in more posts by me might enjoy my new blog at neilsi...
Trump Puts America Last, As Always When He's Palling Around With Putin - When Herr Asshole got back from his disastrous trip to Paris, he couldn’t think of anything better to do than insult Emmanuel Macron, the French preside...
Never Gonna Give You Up - It’s been a while. Enough to look like this is over. It remains important to me to think: today, I might blog. And to think: I have a place to do it in. So...
Announcing the 2018 Eclectablog Annual Fundraising Party with special guest Jordan Zakarin from Progressives Everywhere! - We normally do our fundraiser in late spring but some health issues on my end foiled that plan. Then came the midterm election. Then came the general elect...
I Didn't Do It - Good thing nobody reads OUR newspaper. Maggie: But since the election last week, Mr. Trump has tweeted about the caravan exactly once — to issue a proclama...
Veterans’ Day 2018: Fallow Me Not - It isn’t often I accuse myself of hypocrisy, as I do a rather rigorous self-examination daily. With my Samhain, I ... Continue reading
When Media Say ‘Working Class,’ They Don’t Necessarily Mean Workers—but They Do Mean White - If you’ve seen a piece on the impact of the working class on the midterm elections, it has most likely dealt specifically with working whites. But the medi...
Federal Regulators Deflated the Numbers on Tire-Related Crash Deaths, Then Took Victory Lap - Without explanation, officials eventually altered crash data, revealing a death toll more than 3 times higher than previously acknowledged.
FAIR is once again unfair to the Syrian people - Jim Naureckas of an organization called Fairness & Accuracy In Reporting, which cares about fairness, and accuracy, in reporting, is curiously convinced ...
Losing it. - [image: Image result for trump unhinged images] - Mr. trump, in an incredible display of ignorance, decided that it was cool to stay at home...
Fired Up! Archives - From 2005-2012, Fired Up! Missouri shined a light on principled, hard-working, fair-minded public servants -- and turned up the heat on mean-spirited, se...
Album Cover Art Wednesday: An Evening With Richard Nixon - Are you ready for an extra dose of the Weekly GV? Ready or not, here it comes. Gore Vidal viewed Tricky Dick with an appalled fascination. It resulted in V...
The Joy of Comment Threads. - So I clicked a link at Slate yesterday that took me over to The Cut at New York Magazine to read an article asking insiders in the world of advertising the...
Free Will and Meaning - There is an apologist I know who continually uses an argument roughly like this: If we are just pieces of meat responding to stimuli, how can there be any ...
You Have Nothing to Lose But Your Chains - I made a decision tonight, to abandon Facebook. To sever a direct line of communication that has become so ubiquitous. And I am back within the realms of m...
Christian “Prophet” Slams “Intellect” and Celebrates “Red Tsunami” in Elections - We're all just too smart to understand how Mark Taylor's incorrect prediction actually came true.
How Things Work - Gawker.com is shutting down today, Monday 22nd August, 2016, some 13 years after it began and two days before the end of my forties. It is the end of an ...
SENSE AND CENSUS-BILITY - I have a new thing at The Nation about the need for the new Democratic House to do whatever they can to fix the 2020 Census. Trump and his Commerce Departm...
Matching Signatures - I would like to make a point about the Republican ploy of using signatures that don't match to disqualify tens of thousands of Democratic votes. I don't t...
Voting in Georgia in 21 Easy Steps - Watch this one-minute video of Ashlee Jones on the 21 “easy” steps required of a voter of color to cast a ballot in Georgia. Spoiler alert: Step 21 is “...
The King In Yellow - I barely regard him -- *it* -- as human anymore, using words like "monster" and "thing" to describe the creature that continues to defile the White House a...
Where Are The Angry Tea Party Voices NOW? - Vote as if your life depended on it. It probably does. Continue reading →
Pete Souza Shade - Laughter at the 2012 NATO Summit. No jostling involved. A post shared by Pete Souza (@petesouza) on May 25, 2017 at 6:23pm PDT Mutual admiration, 2016....
Responsibility Is For The Poors - *Paul Ryan fixing Obamacare.* Let's talk about responsibility. When you break something, you have a responsibility to fix it. When you do your damnede...
Something stinks in Nebraska! - From SPLINTER: This week, what began as an innocent Facebook like ended with Ari Kohen, an associate professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, filin...
Get stuffed - Valentine’s Day. The annual celebration of grasping sexual manipulation disguised as cheap sentiment disguised as pesticide-encrusted gas station roses and...
I am thinking that it's time to shut off the lights. - Until and unless people get angry enough to shut this machine down, I just can't see the point in writing about the same outrage day after day. They won't ...
The return of Stuart Little. - For whatever reason, I overslept by almost two hours on Thursday. Oh, what an auspicious start to a day. I rolled out of bed, contemplating working from ho...
It's been a while - nature notes I'm not doing any editing, just checking to see if this thing still works. ~
Visit us at our new online home - *By Jamey Dunn* With the new year comes some new developments for *Illinois Issues*. As part of our merger with WUIS, we are rolling out some new strategie...
Bernie Sanders and Kamala Harris Both Fall Short on Abolishing Money Bail - A growing movement across the country is exposing the injustices of our money bail and bond systems, which lock up as many as 400,000 people on any given...
Video of the day -- same old same old - This certainly reflects my own experience, which is why I generally no longer bother participating in arguments about whether religion is true or not (its...
Friday Hound Blogging - We're coming to you today from the Dogs Get The Best Of Care Department here in the marbled halls of IM Central. the DGtBoC Department is a division of the...
Merry Christmas Jose Padilla (by the General's Inner Frenchman) - He paused as though he expected Furniture to speak. Furniture tried to shrink back into the surface of the bed again, away from the boot, away from the f...
Leroy Black gets two obits – one placed by his wife and the other by his girlfriend - The top obit was placed by Leroy Black’s “loving wife.” The second obit was put in the Press of Atlantic City by Black’s longtime girlfriend. * Loving wife...
Madam Swami Juanita and Her Tea Leaves - Okay, so everybody is in the tea reading business today, so I’ll jump in. Face it, Trump’s behavior has been particularly weird. No show at Veterans Day ev...
"Shoot the Black Guy! Shoot the Black Guy!" - A police officer fatally shot an armed security guard who was wearing a hat with “security” emblazoned across the front and holding a man down following ...
The Turtle Who Had No Shame - This is an actual thing that was published by Donald Trump’s state media outlet: Sample text: What we can make of those opportunities will depend on our De...
What Would Jesus Do? The Corruption Of Chick-Fil-A Appreciation Day - It has been reported that 600,000 people attended Chick-Fil-A appreciation day this week. Let's break down those numbers -- first, suppose that 20% of ...
What Is the Definition Of Depression In Psychology? And How To Stay Away From It? - Human mind is full of emotions. When a person doesn’t like to do anything or his behavior is weird and he/she is in sad mood; feel rejected from all act...
Liberal bias has been eliminated - With the swearing-in of the new Tea Party Senate of 2015, we can officially declare that the problem of liberal bias in the world has been solved. Mission ...
SciFi Weekend Preview - Since the last full post, we have had two additional episodes of Doctor Who. If Steven Moffat tried to throw out too many big ideas, Chris Chibnall throws ...
Top 7 Best Ribbed Condoms – Pros, Cons and Prices Reviews in 2018 - We know you care about her and you decided you want to give her more pleasure. Or, the other way around, you decide you want your man to give you even mo...
Republicans are nuttier than squirrel shit. #ThursdayThoughts - Margaret, if you want to know just how deplorable Trumpsters are, this week they elected two indicted criminals, a Nazi and a dead brothel owner. And the ...
Propaganda, Nation Building and Identity in Rwanda - The lead title is “Erasing Ethnicity,” the author is Arthur Blouin, and the paper is forthcoming in the Journal of Political Economy: This paper examines...
Links 11/13/18 - Links for you. Science: No, A Study Did Not Find That Cellphones Can Give You Cancer I reviewed all 161 of GOOP’s wellness products for pseudoscience. Here...
Blog Status - For the time being the blog will be closed. What happened is I went back to work after being retired for four years and have found it a bit overwhelming. I...
Why Beyonce Cannot Be Taken Seriously - The Beyonce halftime performance at Superbowl 50, and the subsequent aftermath were hard for me to watch without my blood boiling. My consternation was n...
We've Moved - Effective September 9, 2015, the Mischiefs of Faction is now located at Vox.com. Here's how to follow us: All our posts will appear on our new homepage, ...
Final Post of the Mohave Rat - Many long time readers know I have been dissatisfied blogging for quite some time. I tried different things to make it more satisfying and couldn't find a ...
That's It For Today - This is my last post for the day. Starting in a few minutes we'll be replacing the guts of our website with something newer and better than what we have...
Washington Post reports on Trump's 'five days of fury' - New reporting from Philip Rucker and Josh Dawsey characterizes the president as brooding and sulking after the midterms and 'angry and resentful' due to a ...
Heterodox Central Banking in the Periphery - Our paper with Esteban Pérez on Prebisch's missions as a Money Doctor during the Fed-led missions directed by Triffin to Paraguay and Dominican Republic ha...
It's MARTIN LUTHER KING DAY, goddamn it! - Last night (ironically, the first Friday the 13th of the new year), the mayor of Biloxi put out a tweet that rather specifically did *not* call Monday's ho...
Amazon to Queens? Smart Move - When I read Tuesday that Amazon had officially chosen Long Island City as one of two locations for its next headquarters, I flashed back a few years to a p...
Holy $@!&: Are Fox News – and Melania – Taking Over National Security for the Trump Admin? - A pair of stories are burning up the wires this Tuesday afternoon. And they have nothing to do with the California fires or the still cresting Democratic “...
On the Met Breuer exhibition re: conspiracy (by someone who knows something on the subject) - The Art World Weighs In On Conspiracy Theories A museum exhibition review By Cat McGuire November 5, 2018 Overview An exhibit called Everything Is Connecte...
BREITBART IS STILL SCARING PEOPLE WITH THE CARAVAN - During the last few days of the midterm campaign, it was conventional wisdom that everyone on the right would instantly stop talking about the caravan as s...
Duck You - This morning, I went back to weed out some of my old smartphone texts….. Gee, who knew that “DUCKING” is such a common word? WTD ? __________ The ...
Kyrsten Sinema triumphs over Martha McSally: Democrats pick up a U.S. Senate seat - [image: U.S. Senator-elect Kyrsten Sinema, D-Arizona] Big news out of Arizona tonight: The Associated Press has called the Grand Canyon State's U.S. Senate...
Cold Case Posse disbanded - Following a statement of his strong commitment to the posse system, new sheriff of Maricopa County Paul Penzone said in a news conference, that he will i...
Is we smarter today than two years ago? - In 2004 Susan Jacoby published her book, Freethinkers, and then set out on a promotion tour. Later, when speaking of that tour she told of an interesting a...
Hold the mustard! - ﻿ Show me a sane man and I will cure him. ~Carl Jung Show me a cured man and I will show you a ham. ~okjimm ﻿ ﻿ ﻿ ﻿ ﻿ Show me a cured man a...
Ten Years Down -- I Quit! - It was exactly ten years ago today that I published my very first post on this blog, a blog that I wondered at the time if I could even carry on for six mo...
Orcas and Vessel Noise: Don’t Scapegoat Whale-Watch Boats - Everyone who lives in vicinity of the Salish Sea wants to save our endangered population of killer whales, and there have been a lot of ideas floated ab...
Cybersecurity Trends And Their Implications For The Future - What companies (and the rest of us) can do to shore up our data security. The post Cybersecurity Trends And Their Implications For The Future appeared fi...
Boilerdoc Is Back! - His unique and very talented works have been sorely missed. This one’s for you pal. Welcome back. Advertisements
The Caravan: The Deadly Invasion That Never Was - It’s been almost a week since Election Day. And in the run up to the midterms, Donald Trump waged an unrelenting xenophobic campaign to convince Republica...
From 1/9/11 - Ran across this and decided to put a link to it as not only is it the same out there but much worse these days. Any changes made have been removed to retur...
Trumpian "normality": Staff extortion and First Lady revenge - From Bloomberg News, hilarity: "It is the position of the Office of the First Lady that she" — the deputy national security adviser, Mira Ricardel — "no lo...
Weeping While Congress Sleeps - Fifteen years ago in Denver, I was working on a research project for a reporter when a city editor came running in and yelled, "Stop what you're doing." Wi...
Don't Build a Wall; Build This Instead - Fearing the prospect of large Democratic gains in Tuesday's midterm elections, Donald Trump has been serving a steaming buffet of hate with something to pl...
Spider poop - As promised threatened, I took some photos of spider poop this morning. It’s surprisingly colorful! But then, these are from the spiderling vials, so maybe...
BUT WHEN YOU'RE WRONG, YOU'RE WRONG - I got two things wrong [among many] and honesty requires that I acknowledge as much. First of all, I predicted that Mueller would indict someone yesterda...
Another Day, Another Lie. Another FAILURE - One of the most cherished GOP talking points of the moment is that, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, many millions of Americans “lost” their health insur...
Lennar and Atlantic & Pacific are creating more homeless in San Diego - And the NIMBY's on the PQ planning board? Shame on you. Good luck with the traffic.
Republicans on Parade – 11/13/2018 - Here is the one hundred forty-second article in our Republicans on Parade series, featuring individuals who personify what the Republican Party has become....
Aides Avoiding ‘Furious’ Trump As He Faces Reality of Midterm Disaster - The walls are closing in on President Donald Trump, and he knows it. Increasingly he is acting like a desperate man facing difficult situations that he can...
Midterm Results - In past years, I have closely monitored TV and web coverage of the returns and posted here in real time, which some people really appreciate--I presume fol...
Election coverage: the road not taken - It's called the "citizens agenda" approach in campaign journalism. I know, dorky name. It was tried. And it worked. The post Election coverage: the road ...
August 18, 2015 - Smoke and Mirrors Lie Behind Balanced-Budget Rhetoric. There are few things more creative than a state government in dire financial straits, which is to sa...
End Of The Line For Progress Illinois - Progress Illinois has ceased operations, effective November 9, 2016. After more than eight years, Progress Illinois has closed up shop. As we previously ...
YES! - A Week After the Election, Democratic Gains Grow Stronger *Kyrsten Sinema became the first Democratic senator elected in Arizona in 30 years. * *New Yo...
What if the Senate is Obsolete? - *As economic power and population shifted from rural farms to industrializing cities in decades around 1900, Britain and Germany changed how their parliame...
Hello Civility, Goodbye Rage - I'm sick to death of having to see, hear, and worry about Donald Trump. I'm sick of having to wonder how we got here, living in a country where a ludicrou...
Thais outraged by child boxer’s death in ring - Thais have reacted with shock and anger after a 13-year-old boxer died during a charity bout, reviving calls for a ban on fights between children in the ...
Half in the Bag: The Haunting of Hill House and Overlord - Look out for ghosts! Mike and Jay talk about a TV show. But they’re not going to talk about every TV show. They’re just talking about this TV show. They al...
Kamal Saleem: ‘You Will Be Thrown In Prison’ If Hillary Clinton Becomes President - Uh, dude? Clinton is not the one threatening to jail her political opponents if she wins the presidency.
TIME FOR MEDICARE FOR ALL In the midterm elections, most... - *TIME FOR MEDICARE FOR ALL* In the midterm elections, most Democrats who were elected or reelected to the House supported Medicare for All. As Trump an...
Flashback: Taylor Swift Makes Her Awards Show Debut in 2007 - Watch Swift perform her debut single "Tim McGraw" at the Academy of Country Music Awards, right before meeting the man himself
feelingbluepolitics: saywhat-politics: ‘A train wreck’: Veterans haven’t received GI Bill benefits... - feelingbluepolitics: saywhat-politics: ‘A train wreck’: Veterans haven’t received GI Bill benefits for months Recommended.
Round Lake Beach Woman Severely Injured in Pit Bull Attack - Visit http://www.RoundLakeAreaNews.com for local news and events in the Round Lake Area Family Pet is Killed by Two Pit Bulls A 31-year old Round Lake Beac...
A man can dream - I highly doubt that Whitaker will recuse himself from the Mueller probe, but it would be great fun to watch Trump totally lose his shit if Whitaker he does...
For Veterans Day, Trump Serial-Insults Veterans, Troops, Everyone - Our goddamn president, Donald Trump, bumblefucked his way through the last couple of days, essentially lumbering over to Paris in order to loudly fart at o...
John Bolton is Still a Blood-thirsty Loon, I See - It doesn’t really surprise me that Sen. Ted Cruz thinks that former UN Ambassador (R-Ironic) John Bolton is the apian patellas—that particular candidate ...
The Right wing embrace of authoritarianism… - I mean it is not a new development, and attempts have been made to obfuscate that tender mercy, but nonetheless we are watching it unfold before us with a ...
About Those "Grassroots" Pro-Mueller Rallies - To read and listen to all the media reports, Thursday night's nationwide protests against Trump's firing of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and in support o...
It is Diwali, So Light Your Lamp, and Vote Blue - Diwali, the festival of lights is here. May there be light in both my ancestral and my adopted home which have taken a disastrous turn towards darkness in ...
Update: It Wasn't a Joke. It Should Have Been. - Congratulations to the Republican party, for screwing the pooch so thoroughly that even the worst debate performance in modern American history (and a ling...
Full-Text PAY LAST RESPECTS TO DR. BLALOCK WALLA WALLA, May 15.—Un- usual honors were given the late Dr. Yancey C. Blalock this afternoon when the grand lodge officers of the Free and Accepted Masons of the state had charge of the services at his grave. Dr. Blalock was an honorary 33d degree member, and had held nearly every important office in all branches of Masonry in the state, being at the time of his death grand recorder of the Royal Arch Masons and grand secretary of the Knights Templar. He was also past grand master of the state and past eminent commander of the Knights Templar. James Begg of Seattle, grand master of Masons of the state, had charge today at the funeral. The Knights Templar in uniform made up the official escort. Prominent Masons attended the services from all parts of the northwest. Over 1000 Masons were in the funeral cortege.
daughter, Mrs. Ernest DeLashmutt, W1817 Eighth avenue. His death marked the passing of one of the oldest retired officers of the United States army, veteran Indian fighter of this part of the country and picturesque and well known figure for many years. Major Luhn passed away about an illness of five weeks. He retained remarkably good health and vigor until his last sickness. On Thursday he would have celebrated his 89th birthday anniversary.
The funeral services will be held tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock at Our Lady of Lourdes cathedral with requiem mass at which the Rev. Father Verhagen will officiate.
The deceased will be given a military funeral and a detachment of soldiers from Fort Wright under Colonel George B. Duncan, who was a lieutenant under Major Luhn at Fort Sherman, will fire the farewell volley over the grave. The American Legion will also be represented.
The following will act as pallbearers: B. L. Gordon, R. E. M. Strickland, R. E. Strahorn, Colonel George B. Duncan, W. Clayton Miller and Ralph Gordon.
Major Luhn was born in Hanover, Germany, February 19, 1831, and came to this country at the age of 13 with his parents, settling in Cincinatti. He had his first military experience at the age of 17 when he was a member of the company of zouaves accompanying General Scott on his visit to Cincinatti after the Mexican war. In 1853 he enlisted in the Sixth United States infantry and fought in the Mormon war of 1858 and all through the civil war.
Afterward he was on duty in Wyoming and Montana during the trouble with the Sioux Indians, and in 1866 came to Camp Spokane with the Fourth infantry. He retired from military service in 1895, when he was stationed at Fort Sherman, and has since that time made his home in Spokane with the exception of four years when he and Mrs. Luhn made a visit to all of the 40 posts where the major had been stationed during his military career.
In 1863 he was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Fourth infantry and in June of the following year he was made first lieutenant, serving in that rank until the close of the civil war.
In 1875 he was promoted to a captaincy and held that rank till he retired in 1895. By a special act of congress he was later given the title of major.
Major Luhn was a member of McClennen's command in the army of the Potomac, and in the battle of Virginia he was taken prisoner, but after a confinement of six weeks in Libby prison and Belle Isle he was released. Other notable civil war battles in which the veteran fighter participated were Bull Run, Groverton Heights, Gettysburg, Ashby's Gap, Smoker's Gap, and Tolopotomy river and under the command of General Grant he was present at the surrender of General Lee at Appomatox.
He was married in 1864 to Catherine Ottmans of New York. He is survived by his widow, five children and six grandchildren. The surviving sons and daughters are: Dr. Henry B. Luhn, Mrs. Ernest DeLashmutt, Mrs. George Harris Smith, Mrs. James E. Fechet, wife of Colonel Fechet, stationed at Fort Sam Houston, and Colonel William L. Luhn, port of embarkation, Hoboken, N. J.
Full-Text FUNERAL SERVICES TO BE WEDNESDAY Veteran Indian Fighter of Northwest Passes Away at Age of 89. Major Gerhard Luke Luhn died Monday morning at the home of his daughter, Mrs. Ernest DeLashmutt, W1817 Eighth avenue. His death marked the passing of one of the oldest retired officers of the United States army, veteran Indian fighter of this part of the country and picturesque and well known figure for many years. Major Luhn passed away about an illness of five weeks. He retained remarkably good health and vigor until his last sickness. On Thursday he would have celebrated his 89th birthday anniversary. Services Wednesday. The funeral services will be held tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock at Our Lady of Lourdes cathedral with requiem mass at which the Rev. Father Verhagen will officiate. The deceased will be given a military funeral and a detachment of soldiers from Fort Wright under Colonel George B. Duncan, who was a lieutenant under Major Luhn at Fort Sherman, will fire the farewell volley over the grave. The American Legion will also be represented. The following will act as pallbearers: B. L. Gordon, R. E. M. Strickland, R. E. Strahorn, Colonel George B. Duncan, W. Clayton Miller and Ralph Gordon. Born in Germany. Major Luhn was born in Hanover, Germany, February 19, 1831, and came to this country at the age of 13 with his parents, settling in Cincinatti. He had his first military experience at the age of 17 when he was a member of the company of zouaves accompanying General Scott on his visit to Cincinatti after the Mexican war. In 1853 he enlisted in the Sixth United States infantry and fought in the Mormon war of 1858 and all through the civil war. Fought Indians. Afterward he was on duty in Wyoming and Montana during the trouble with the Sioux Indians, and in 1866 came to Camp Spokane with the Fourth infantry. He retired from military service in 1895, when he was stationed at Fort Sherman, and has since that time made his home in Spokane with the exception of four years when he and Mrs. Luhn made a visit to all of the 40 posts where the major had been stationed during his military career. In 1863 he was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Fourth infantry and in June of the following year he was made first lieutenant, serving in that rank until the close of the civil war. In 1875 he was promoted to a captaincy and held that rank till he retired in 1895. By a special act of congress he was later given the title of major. In McClellan's Command. Major Luhn was a member of McClennen's command in the army of the Potomac, and in the battle of Virginia he was taken prisoner, but after a confinement of six weeks in Libby prison and Belle Isle he was released. Other notable civil war battles in which the veteran fighter participated were Bull Run, Groverton Heights, Gettysburg, Ashby's Gap, Smoker's Gap, and Tolopotomy river and under the command of General Grant he was present at the surrender of General Lee at Appomatox. He was married in 1864 to Catherine Ottmans of New York. He is survived by his widow, five children and six grandchildren. The surviving sons and daughters are: Dr. Henry B. Luhn, Mrs. Ernest DeLashmutt, Mrs. George Harris Smith, Mrs. James E. Fechet, wife of Colonel Fechet, stationed at Fort Sam Houston, and Colonel William L. Luhn, port of embarkation, Hoboken, N. J.
The Relationship between Collective Teacher Efficacy and Professional Learning Community :: CCSU Theses & Dissertations
Home CCSU Theses & Dissertations The Relationship between Collective Teacher Efficacy and Professional Learning Community
Abstract This quantitative study using survey methodology examined the relationship between perceptions of elementary school teachers about their school as a professional learning organization/community (PLC) and their perceptions about the collective teacher efficacy (CTE) of their faculty at both the team and building level. Significant correlations were found between four out of five PLC dimensions (Hord, 1997) and CTE, though due to multicollinearity, multiple regression analysis could not identify any one PLC dimension on its own as having a significant relationship with collective teacher efficacy. PLC teams perceive their team efficacy very similarly to how they perceive their school efficacy and teams who strongly perceive their school to be a professional learning organization also perceive their team to be highly efficacious.
Add tags for The Relationship between Collective Teacher Efficacy and Professional Learning Community
Post a Comment for The Relationship between Collective Teacher Efficacy and Professional Learning Community
These gardeners and entrepreneurs purchased their home/office on twenty acres with the goal of running their business while improving the capacity of the property to support wildlife.
Want to focus on a particular feature? Browse these articles to learn more about relevant landscape features.
A different way to think about organizing your habitat-creation efforts, these articles dig into specific plant communities that can help shape habitat.
Description Northfield volunteer fire department pre World War I. Photograph taken in front of Police Head Quarters. William Waterston, fourth from the left.
Rights Management Use of this object is governed by U.S. and international copyright law. Contact the Northfield News for permission to use this object.
TOUCHÉE plant extracts, in addition to providing the active ingredients in natural form, they provide a soft color and fragrance, without adding artificial flavorings and colorings. TOUCHÉE absorbs quickly and provides a pleasant sensation of freshness. As a gel made ​​from natural extracts provides water and nutrients, leaving skin soft, moisturized and renewed.
The virtues and medicinal properties of plants have been valued since ancient times by our ancestors to this day.
Rosemary belongs to the Labiatae family, has been recognized for its strong antioxidant properties, mainly given by two of its active constituents, carnosic acid and carnosol. For these antioxidant properties and has a beneficial effect for skin protector.
The other extract, this is the plantain, which belongs to the family Plantaginaceae, which has anti-inflammatory and restorative properties of the skin, which are conferred by the high content of chlorogenic acids and neoclorogénicos. Natural medicine also gives properties as an antioxidant, astringent and healing. Dermocosmetic preparations with Rosemary and Plantain works by slowing the oxidation processes (free radical protection) that lead to deterioration and aging of the skin.
It can be used for day to night. During the day is ideal for protecting the skin from premature aging caused by sunlight and other diseases such as: tumors of unknown etiology, due to the antioxidant action of weeping and Romero.
Apply a small amount of TOUCHÉE gel with fingertips to the desired area, spreading it evenly in a circular motion until completely absorbed.
We recommend using this way 1-2 times a week. Apply with fingertips TOUCHÉE a generous amount of gel onto the desired area, so as to form a layer about 2 mm thick. Let dry half an hour and remove with cold water. As well as for better absorption and benefits provided by the product is recommended to leave it overnight.
It produces a smoothing effect on the surface of the skin, activates blood circulation, acts as anti-inflammatory and keratolytic, removing deep impurities, leaving it radiant, vital and refreshed.
This treatment is recommended for all skin types and is ideal for people who reflect on his face stress and tension, and preventing aging itself.
CALL FOR ACTION. December 2013, Bashra, withdraw the British Private Military and Security Company G4S under the slogan “G4S should leave Basrah, Iraqi working sites should be protect by responsible and accountable public security”. More information here. Send endorsement/adhesions to felip@novact.org
WORKSHOP. September 26th-28th 2013, Baghdad, Iraqi Social Forum: Control PMSC will participate in a workshop on strategies to de-militarize the Iraqi society.
Today, March 8, is International Women’s Day, an annual celebration of women’s achievements throughout history and across nations. (It is also known as the United Nations (UN) Day for Women’s Rights and International Peace.)
As part of this celebration, the team at ConventionSouth Media Group wishes to honor all women in the meetings and events profession. Thank you all for your hard work and dedication.
Also, we want to shine a spotlight on one professional meeting planner, Tami Maynard, who is the Executive Assistant – Agency Operations for the Council on Occupational Education, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
Anyone who has attended Rendezvous South, the annual hosted-buyer conference produced by ConventionSouth Media Group, has likely met Tami. She is always outgoing, enthusiastic and energetic and has a hug for everyone. Each year, she adds fun to the business and social activities, fully engaging in the program and often getting people out on the dance floor.
But in case you think she isn’t serious about her job, here’s what she told ConventionSouth when asked about using her creative skills to plan events:
“I use creative skills to streamline the decision-making process, to plan and work ahead of the calendar year to book meetings within a 12-14-month timeline. My experience in the past is this would be the best method to ensure that I not only find a great destination for our groups to host meetings and enjoy the properties with amenities appealing to their interest; but I also look to continue to find ways to save monies that will allow our organization and association members to have an affordable plus memorable event.”
Also, not content to maintain the status quo, Tami is continually seeking to add to her skills. When asked if she expects to use a new form of technology or increase the use of technology in the coming year, she replied:
“This will be the year that I set myself apart from the norm to demonstrate how much time and thought goes into our planning, preparation and executions for all programs. By taking the time to listen to our stakeholders and association members, I feel the need to improve or implement better technology for our attendees to be more engaged with training. More research will be done to meet with suppliers who will offer the services our members expect to have at the annual conferences. This is the best way to keep everyone involved, informed and current with technology. Training the trainers is a concept I am suggesting to management to get them involved with how organizations stay connected and ahead of the curve with technology.”
Hats off to Tami and all women engaged in the meetings and events profession on the 2018 observance of International Women’s Day!
Monday’s Apple “Spring Forward” announcement was chalked full of new Apple product information about Apple Watch, New MacBook, Apple TV + HBO Now, and Mac line up updates. In addition to a long list of design inspirations and new capabilities, a few other things jumped out for me during the announcements.
The day started with Tim Cook telling us about the 700 million iPhone unit sales and how iPhone has become so much a part of our daily lives. The iPhone (you could say all smartphones) are never farther than arms’ reach. Interesting then later when Apple showed Apple Watch was designed so we don’t have to reach for our iPhone.
Most things Apple Watch does, the biggest exception is loading apps from the App Store, is performed on the Apple Watch. When you use your Apple Watch, you don’t have to flip between your phone and watch devices to access fitness info, answer calls, check the weather or your calendar, see and respond to messages, or get help from Siri. Those things you can do right from the Apple Watch.
The added wi-fi plus bluetooth in Apple Watch means your iPhone can be in another part of the house and you can go right on using your Apple Watch, not tethered via a short Bluetooth leash like other Smartwatches. Similar to iPhone becoming even more important in customers’ lives than the iPod (because it’s built into the iPhone), Apple is attempting to make the bond with Apple Watch even stronger than with our iPhones.
Will Apple succeed? For some of the watch wearing faithful (and those who return to wearing a watch to be able to sport the Apple Watch) that answer could very well be yes. Apple does many things well and is one of the best at creating a tightly integrated user experience for their customers. The less time customers spend jumping back and forth between devices to use capabilities unavailable on their Smartwatches, synchronizing data or adjusting settings to get things working, the less intrusive and the more useful the experience is for Apple Watch customers.
Two things that could stand in Apple Watch’s way. Price and battery life. The $349 entry price is high but seems reasonable for something almost as advanced as our Smartphones, but the price rises quickly as you move up the line of chassis and wristband options. A stainless steel watch chassis and linked band runs $949 to $999 for example. 18 hour battery life means Apple Watch’s short tether is to a charging cable. Apple Watch won’t be of much use unless it is tucked in for a fresh charge every night.
Will Apple Watch move Smartwatches from tech novelties into the mainstream like iPhones and other Smartphones are today? Only time will tell.
Germany after unification illustrates the limitations of the economic hypothesis and the strength of the demographic hypothesis. Late in 1990, the German government changed its policy for locating foreigners and asylum-seekers. Up to that point, new settlers tended to go to what had formerly been West Germany. The new policy required 20% of the immigrants to go to the racially homogeneous East - a natural experiment in which rapid in-migration meets ethnic homogeneity. The result was an historic explosion of hate crime. Thousands of anti-foreigner attacks occurred through 1993, when the policy was reversed. Anti-foreigner attacks have declined markedly in each subsequent year, despite ongoing problems of high unemployment.
My "home" are the US of America, because only there you can find people of all national origins united under a common pledge to a common Constitution FOR ALL and a common CITIZENSHIP (and a language). En plus, the Ancient Greek culture still thrives in the US.
Unless the WTO (or the UN) evolves into a "United States of the World", my "home" will remain the USA.
Auto self-registration is not available here - far too many spammers. This forum has many, many backlinks and because of that there is an intense desire among spammers to drop their links here.
Note: This is not to be used to contact Whatgreatskin Corporate Offices nor is this site affiliated with them in any way. The purpose of this site is supply you with their phone number and address as well as share your thoughts about Whatgreatskin. Your review will be posted and available for anyone to read so please keep that in mind when posting personal information.
Richard Fuller is an Associate Professor and ARC Future Fellow at the University of Queensland. He studies how people have affected the natural world around them, and how some of their destructive effects can best be reversed. To answer these questions, the lab group works on pure and applied topics in biodiversity and conservation. Much of the work is interdisciplinary, focusing on the interactions between people and nature, how these can be enhanced, and how these relationships can be shaped to converge on coherent solutions to the biodiversity crisis. See www.fullerlab.org and www.facebook.com/fullerlab
dr Shadrach : "I have made money in a down market and you have me hooked. However, as put by Binance CEO, Changpeng Zhao on twitter, in clear terms, As commented by a crypto enthusiast
Your free forex robot has lloyd blankfein bitcoin twitter unlimited processing power and concentration to handle multiple pairs at once. Cover those early market hours without losing sleep. Do I need trading experience? Trailing stops make sure your trades stay profitable even when the market turns. The free bot will choose the best lot size for your account. Optimized default settings built. No forex strategy to learn.
No wait, no delay. Works on small bitcoin kaatua yön yli and large accounts alike. Runs on your demo accounts, no experience required, works with other forex robots. It handles all aspects of forex trading for you. It&apos;s one of the most popular forex terminals ever created.
If you don't have java, you can try ColdBeer, a very small mudclient (about 20 seconds download on dial-up).
Rugged ergonomics combine in a fully-featured mobile computer to provide the ultimate performance in Warehousing and T&L
The Falcon’s Laird/Summit IEEE 802.11 a/b/g/n dual band Wi-Fi radio provides exceptional data throughput along with a new diverse antenna system for maximum coverage. The CCX v4 certification provides encryption levels for PCI compliance and seamless roaming across large facilities.
Unique features of the Falcon X3+ mobile computer include a pistol-grip or handheld form factor, numeric and alphanumeric keyboards, choice of Microsoft Windows® operating systems, a standard range or extra-long range 2D imager, a high performance laser, or an auto ranging laser for maximum distance on 1D labels. Datalogic’s patented ‘Green Spot’ technology provides good-read visual confirmation when scanning in environments where excess noise is a factor. The Falcon X3+ mobile computer also incorporates a camera to verify promotional displays and document damaged or returned goods.
Multi Battery Charger, recharges 4 spare batteries. Power supply included in the box. Power cord ordered separately.
Multi Charge Only Dock, recharges 4 terminals and 4 spare batteries. Power supply included in the box. Power cord ordered separately.
Cable from device (Handylink) to female DB9 RS232. Null Modem Cable. Connects to PC. 2m straight cable
Cable from device (Handylink) to female USB. Device works as host. Connects to printers or most other peripherals. 15cm straight cable
Cable from device (Handylink) to male DB9 RS232. Straight through cable, Power on Pin 9 (5V @ 500mA). Connects to printers, scanners, or most other peripherals. 15cm straight cable
Clip for Micro USB and Power Supply cables. To be fastened to the RS-232 port of the Single Slot Dock.
Multi Ethernet Dock, recharges 4 terminals and 4 spare batteries. Power supply included in the box. Power cord ordered separately.
Single Slot Desk Mount Dock with Spare Battery Charging Slot. High-Retention USB Type B (client only) and RS232 ports. Includes Power Supply with Regional Plugs and USB Cable.
Bluetooth Wireless Headset VXi B350-XT optimized for voice communications and Push-To-Talk applications. Includes both DC (USB & Car Adaptor) and AC power supply (US plug).
Lanyard to tether the Skorpio X3/X4 to the wrist (it fits both Skorpio X3/X4 and Falcon X3/X4, one is included with all the pistol grip models of Skorpio X3/X4 and Falcon X3/X4)
MobiControl Advantage Support (per year). 24/7 support. Max 6 hours support response window. Add-on on top of standard support. Currently available from Datalogic/SOTI authorized distributors only
MobiControl Enterprise Support (per year). 24/7 support + dedicated technical advisor. Add-on on top of standard support. Required for all opportunities of 3,000 devices or more. Currently available from Datalogic/SOTI authorized distributors only
MobiControl Standard Support (per year). Must be purchased with the perpetual license (but included with ZSSOTIMCSDEV and ZSSOTIMCLDEV). Max 48 hrs support response window. Currently available from Datalogic/SOTI authorized distributors only
SaaS subscription locally hosted by the customer (on premise). Includes standard support. Per device/year. Currently available from Datalogic/SOTI authorized distributors only.
Pal is a set of simple data collection apps (4 configurable prompts) that can be installed on Windows CE & Windows Mobile based Datalogic mobile computers.
If you are looking for more information or advice on a particular matter, you’ll find many ways to contact us right here.
All information needed to process an RMA request (Return Material Authorization) including collection service from customers
Whether you’re looking for answers or would like to solve a problem we’ll help you resolve your issues quickly and easily
Our mission is to provide our Customers with excellent service, at every interaction, tailored to their profiles and their industry.
Customer Services will ensure a lean and consistent response path to each request. Our empowered and talented specialists will engage with the customer and commit to drive each case to complete resolution.
Datalogic’s Customer Services Organization offers a wide and complete range of post-sales services (EASEOFCARE Agreements). It is organized in three levels of support, in order to guarantee the most appropriate professional assistance based on the specific problem.
Datalogic’s Customer Service can deploy in the territory a team of multi-lingual professionals, with a broad technical expertise across the whole product range.
Our standard service portfolio includes: warranty extension, fast turnaround time for repairs, 24/7/365 phone support, guaranteed availability of spare parts and next day on site intervention. We can tailor our service offering to your specific needs. Our experts will support every stage of your projects, from feasibility study to extended post-sales support, performing, when necessary, root cause analysis and remediation.
Model and accessories listings for any specific Datalogic products, a cable Matrix is also available to find a cross reference for cables and the products they support and more...
This website uses profiling cookies to send advertising messages in line with your online navigation preferences and allows sending third-party cookies. If you continue browsing on the website you consent to the use of cookies. Learn more
Thoughts on Innocence - If 2016 was anything, it was a watershed year that tested the concept of innocence. From the tragic and shocking deaths of David Bowie and Prince, to the ...
The Slow Heal - My leg infection is taking its own sweet time to clear up. If it doesn't show faster improvement in a couple days, the doctor will hear from me again. Ri...
But if she does it how can it be wrong? - She writes "If he would have" instead of "if he had". She shakes me; oh, she does. She is that fine a writer. George Eliot, *Middlemarch.*
Tuesday Reads: Today’s Blizzard of News - Good Morning!! We’ve gone through two years with an unfit, incompetent “president,” but I don’t know how much longer we as a country can deal with this qui...
The Horror of it All (1964) - A now obscure horror comedy in The Old Dark House mode. In fact, to a large extent it is a remake of the 1932 Old Dark House, but played as comedy - much ...
More Donald-Trump-Incited Violence Results In 11 Dead At Pittsburgh Synagogue - So, the right-wing media has been pushing this conspiracy theory that the caravan on it's from Honduras (which is currently in Mexico) is being funded by...
It is enough that we once came together; What is the use of setting it to rime? - *Silet - Ezra Pound* When I behold how black, immortal ink Drips from my deathless pen - ah, well-away! Why should we stop at all for what I think? There is...
Lion in Winter and Anthony Hopkins - Hi readers. Thanks for coming by. I was watching one of the half-dozen movies I consider the best of the 20th Century [and this one, thus far] for the 20...
Forced back to Myanmar - The Bangladeshi army, police and paramilitary troops have moved into several of the camps, where over 700,000 Rohingya are living after fleeing a campaign ...
KARMA KARMA KARMA - FUN FACT: The Colorado baker who refused to bake a cake for a gay couple now has a gay governor. FUN FACT: Maxine Waters will have the power to subpoena Tr...
FBI: Hate crime numbers soar to 7,106 in 2017; third worst year since start of data collection - The number of hate crimes in the United States in 2017 topped a previous high, with law enforcement reporting 7,175 incidents — an uptick of 17 percent ove...
Win or Lose: We Must Demand Investigations - Democrats are expected to be good winners. After a Democratic win, the media will ask the Democrats just how bipartisan they will be going forward. Most ...
Veteran's Day--We Can Not Forget - This image I am using today is one I have used before for Memorial Day, because we have separate days for celebrating and remembering the lives of those w...
Seeing Red This Week Until it All Became Clear - Last Thursday the monster announced that he intended to impose a 25% tariff on imported steel and a 10% tariff on imported aluminum. The devastating impli...
Great Depression II - From a N.Y. Times commenter: I'm... an independent who could not bring myself to vote for any of these republican candidates. In fact, I believe they would...
Time To Get Back To Work - It has been a very long time since I posted on this blog. A long time since any of us have, but for me it’s been years. There were many reasons for this, a...
The specificity of nostalgia - *Stranger Things* opened the floodgates for delivering us 1980s nostalgia, and as with any kind of nostalgia, the idea is to get the details just right -- ...
Operation InfeKtion - We reveal how one of the biggest fake news stories ever concocted — the 1984 AIDS-is-a-biological-weapon hoax — went viral in the pre-Internet era. Meet ...
Statues, History, and Whitewash - Statues and monuments have been in the news in Eastern Europe, United States and now Canada. In Eastern Europe, counties of the former Soviet Union or memb...
Study shows smoking ban has improved the health of hospitably employees - Sunday will mark the one year anniversary of the day Michigan’s popular workplace smoking ban went into effect, and a study just released by Michigan Depar...
I, Too, Am Auckland Returns - Now updated, here are all four new videos produced by the “I, Too, Am Auckland” team. This iteration’s theme is titled, “CONVERSATIONS.” We hope the videos...
It Is Accomplished - As Gandhi never quite said, First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they attack you. Then you win. I remember one of the first TV debates I had...
I Guess I was Wrong About the Elections - I guess I completely misunderstood what happened Tuesday night. Because this was in today's New York Times: The Midterm Results Are a Warning to the Dem...
2nd Quarter GDP Up 4.1% Despite Largest Inventory Contraction Since 2009 - The Advance Estimate of 2nd Quarter GDP from the Bureau of Economic Analysis released on Friday included changes in definitions, in classifications, and ...
Website is a success! - For those of you wondering, the Wordpress website went offline due to an overabundance of traffic. My web designer, who builds websites for a living, told...
Fear, Fear Everywhere and Never a Stop to Think - Waiting my turn at the barber shop, looking at the magazines: Field and Stream, Coastal Angler and things like that. Hot Rod, American Iron: all manly thin...
Michelle Obama Says Romantic Life With Barack Has Flourished Since Leaving White House - [image: Michelle and Barack Obama dancing.] Michelle Obama met with *People* to discuss her upcoming memoir *Becoming* where she spoke about how married ...
Welcome.... - Introducing Crumbling Empire Glad you're here. This blog, like the former Mills River Progressive, will focus on current events, primarily in the arenas o...
Why we’re still waiting for election results from Florida and Georgia — and why newly counted ballots favor Democrats - It's a feature of the system, not a flaw.
The Journey Begins - Thanks for joining me! Good company in a journey makes the way seem shorter. — Izaak Walton
Packed My Bags, Oh, Lord, I'm a Travelin' Man - Yeah, I think I'm done here. From now on, I'll do my writing here, and, to a lesser extent, here. Come along if you're so inclined.
Paul Ryan seeks to break up non-existent college "Cartels," promote more faux "Trump and McDonald's" University's. - PolitiFact nailed Paul Ryan again, who seems to be perfecting the art of taking a few reality based facts, twisting them into something surreal, and sellin...
We're Taking a Vacation! - Hi, everyone! We will be on vacation - the first in a long while! - for the next few weeks. See you on the other side! The post We're Taking a Vacation! ...
My Grandpop and The Hundredth Anniversary of World War I - Cpl. James Greenlee 314th Inf., 79th DivisionMy grandfather, James Greenlee, fought in WWI. He served with distinction during the Meuse-Argonne campaign He...
Please stop lying to yourselves... - It's not movies. It's not video games. It's not the family unit. It's not whether you listen to fairytales in church. It's not even drugs. It's the guns...
The Crisis is Here - Whitaker *As was predicted by DAMNED NEAR EVRYBODY, Jeff Sessions was fired as Attorney General on the day after the 2018 midterm elections. It's one of ...
The Latest Act in Israel’s Iran Nuclear Disinformation Campaign - By Gareth Porter* / Consortium News * Benjamin Netanyahu’s stage performance about Iran seeking a nuclear weapon not only was based on old material, but ...
James Baldwin Speaks! - One of the most brilliant minds of the twentieth century, James Baldwin’s voice is utterly honest in his description of the reality, the horrible reality, ...
A PROGRESSIVE BREATH OF FRESH AIR! - July 4, 2918 By Jack Jodell, American Dissident, N.M.P. COUNTDOWN: There are still 931 more days to go before we will be permanently rid of this current...
Book Review - The Fifth Risk - In the movie *Apollo 13*, Tom Hanks, playing the astronaut Jim Lovell, is directed by NASA to shut down the computer that is guiding his crippled spacecraf...
American Holocaust: Cleansing Fire - *Hello Children,* I reckon you might been wondering of late why I ain’t wrote nothing about the Great Satan’s rise to power – AKA “President” Barack...
It's Time To Revoke Trump's Press Credentials - At this past Wednesday's "press conference" at the White House, CNN's Jim Acosta, PBS's Yamiche Alcindor and National Urban Radio's April Ryan were verba...
Bob, the Saved Rapist - Bob was my mom’s brother-in-law. Married to my dad’s sister, Bob was a rough-and-tumble truck driver and dirt-track race-car driver. Bob’s parents were d...
Coup-Coup-a-Shoup! - The USofA has been in the throes of a gradual, inexorable, irresistible, slow-moving *coup d'eta*t since the election of FDR initiated the New Deal and fre...
Closing down Windy Citizen this week - Hi, folks, I've decided to close down WindyCitizen.com as of this week. As of right now registration has been turned off as well as all posting and commen...
How high's the water momma? - Sea level rise? Here's a funny thing, the sea isn't flat. Currents and changes in local strength of gravity make some areas higher than others. The grea...
What the Democratic House majority means for Medicare for All - Thousands of people dialed into a call Tuesday evening to strategize how Democrats can make unprecedented progress on Medicare for All. A week after the mi...
It’s All About Dealing with Voter Suppression - The Republicans, worried that the party may lose two Senate seats, a Governor’s mansion, and probably a bunch more close races for the House over the cou...
The Thom Hartmann Program - Aug 30th 2018 - It seems it's all racism, all the time w/the GOP...Neo-Nazi robocall hits Iowa on Molly Tibbett’s murder: “KILL THEM ALL. ” Richard Wolff drops by about ...
Trump Considering Former ICE Director To Replace Nielsen At DHS - President Donald Trump is reportedly ready to get rid of his Department of Homeland Security secretary as early as this...
The Hidden Toll of American Drones in Yemen - The United States wages a drone war in Yemen, trying to suppress al-Qaida’s branch there. And the 16-year campaign has had a concealed cost: civilian lives.
Change of address - The Great Destroying and Rebuilding is well underway! The New Labyrinth is emerging! Actually, I'm sure that the details of all of this are more more exci...
So Long, And Thanks For All The Memories (From Dan) - 2008 was a difficult year. My wife and I lived in a trailer on my parent’s property because we couldn’t sell our out-of-state house. I lost a lot of money ...
Resurrection - Lead sentence intoday's Washington Post: “Republican candidates appear to be coalescing around a central line of attack for the midterm elections, descri...
Armistice Day 11/11/18 - (Click on the comic strip for a larger view.) In 1959, Pogo creator Walt Kelly wrote: The eleventh day of the eleventh month has always seemed to me to be ...
TRUMP STUFF - There is simply too much going on to keep up with when it comes to Donald Trump’s presidency. Several things stick out so far: The Republicans in th...
Day of Shame, 12th Anniversary - Today is the twelfth anniversary of Colin Powell's UN pitch for the Iraq War, marked at the Day of Shame blog.
The Democratic Party is beyond hope: We Need a Mass Movement to Demand Radical Progressive Change - *By Dave Lindorff* The failure of Democratic candidate Jon Ossoff to capture the vacant House seat left in a suburban Atlanta district by the...
The Stories War Tells Me - I’m here in Chicago, 7,000 miles and 15 years away from Jalalabad, a desolate town in southwestern Afghanistan. Yet sometimes it seems to me as if it were ...
A Conversation with Psychiatrist Justin Frank About How Donald Trump Believes That He is God and Why His Supporters Worship Him - There are two guests on this week's podcast. Psychiatrist Justin Frank returns to *The Chauncey DeVega Show*. He is a former clinical professor of psychiat...
How can you claim to speak for 99% of people? - We don’t claim to speak for anyone, we merely present stories.
Your Free Time isn't Free: Social Reproduction, Social Isolation, and the Marxist Theory of Alienation - Your Free Time isn't Free Social Reproduction, Social Isolation, and the Marxist Theory of Alienation Jessie Muldoon Socialism 2018 Women
A Quick Pre-Election Peek into the Palantír - Here are my last-minute predictions for Election 2018. Rather gloomy ones, I’m afraid — but as with almost everything else I’ve written about politics in...
RULED BY MONSTERS? Stop Reading Now If You Don't Want to Believe It - If you've been lucky enough to not be paying attention to your coming demise, economic and physical, don't stop now. Because if you watch the following sho...
Sleep Now in the Fire - Greetings from fire-spared Mar Vista, California. Thankfully, I am a good 20 miles Southwest of the terrible mayhem and devastation. I’ve been very lucky. ...
America Finally Stops Being Israel's Bitch - Don't worry; it's just temporary. When the new Sheriff takes over next month, America will bend over for Israel once again. Today the U.N. Security Counci...
Supporting The Troops? - On a Veteran’s Day with troops in war zones in Southwest Asia and the Middle East, with troops being deployed on no notice to the southern border for a pol...
Bug Out and Call It Even - Sounds similar to the George Aiken solution and the best we can hope for. Two good bookmarks. One from Andrew Bacevich, one from William Astore.
CNN: Give Jim Acosta Back His Press Pass Or HE WILL KILL AGAIN - CNN is suing Donald Trump, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, and others in an attempt to get Jim Acosta's press credentials restored. CNN attorneys argue that what...
Post-Friday Beast Blogging: The "Sound the All Clear!" Edition - *SHADOW:* Is the election over? Is it safe to come out? *MOONDOGGIE:* A lady on the TV said Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez can't afford to rent an apartment be...
Time to Say Goodbye - By Sherry Pasquarello,Senior Columnist/worldwidehippies.com Worldwide Hippies has been a labor of love. I came in about a year after Joe started it. He a...
For the record: no retreat on White House Hannukah card error - I disagree entirely with this “but look how much he’s done for us” excuse for the White House Hannukah invite snafu this year: Now, some in the community a...
We Were Survivors - We spent September as campground hosts at Pictured Rocks Lakeshore. Of the three sets of hosts we were the only ones to stay the full month. Another campgr...
Last Call For Under New Mismanagement - The wipeout of the House GOP was always going to be followed by a wipeout of Trump cabinet members and other senior officials. Attorney General Jeff Sessi...
A University of Zurich study discovers 147 companies - mainly banks - controls 40% of the World's Wealth
Dick Cheney rolls in his grave. Of course, he's not actually dead. He just wishes you were - by Mark Morford
Why we really do need to know the amazing truth about evolution, and the equally amazing intellectual dishonesty of its enemies- Richard Dawkins
Tricky the Obese Bunny joins his brethren as the seventh apostle in Ron English's Cereal Killer series. Collect them all to assemble the Last Fat Breakfast! Trick the kids with this excellent source of childhood diabetes. Like all Cereal Killer Popaganda products, this 8" vinyl figure is 100% nutrition free!
The newest way to filter email at the lda local delivery phase is to use a dovecot plugin called pigeonhole.
As a leach, I've been capturing dovecot mail list emails for years and I scanned over them reading about bugs. Dovecot developers say that Centos7 needs to have more up-to-date dovecot/pigeonhole packages to solve some common issues.
CWP unfortunately doesn't maintain a recent version of dovecot or pigeonhole (# yum list dovecot-pigeonhole dovecot*).
So.... I.... am..... humbled. procmail *is* installed and I could use that - which I'm WELL familiar with but I got to thinking about how invested CPW is in Centos yet they have old packages.
PS. gosh procmail rules are SO compact, powerful and fast. This new pigeonhole (seive) syntax stuff is... <sign> ok I guess.
It's as if it is concatenating "mail.mydomain.com" with 7.0/26.123.123.123.in-addr.arpa and then trying to resolve that.
There's some kind of bug. When I change the ssh port in Services Config -> SSH Configuration, you would expect this part of the
But it doesn't. For me, I had to change this setting and manually open the port in firewall settings. So this PORTS_sshd does nothing. Definitely glitchy.
Along with the standard vacation table, I plan to add a vacation_correspondent table. This will record which recipients have already received the current vacation message per email address.
The main question I have is that since port 2082 lets the domain's admin log in to administer the email accounts, how can an individual email users change their own vacation message? If there's no way in CWP, I guess I'll can write an external control screen in php.
But, I didn't like how it lost my custom transport, mynetworks and main.cf settings. Good thing I had them documented.
At the top of the script, the shell_exec must be restricted and therefore can't fetch the mysql password.
I hardcoded the mysql password in the script and it autoresponder worked. The script is running as the "nobody".
The system is not sending a vacation message back. All I seen in /var/log/maillog is where the incomming mail is getting "piped" to the vacation mechanism:
As a test, I copied the /etc/postfix/vacation.php script over to a junk.php and manual ran it and it did send back a vacation message. I'm just wondering why the sender is not getting a vacation message through the postfix delivery process.
Have you got a question about internet and ISPs? Maybe you know some interesting websites to share.
In total there are 2 users online :: 1 registered, 0 hidden and 1 guest (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Over the past few years, Díseart have been delighted to open this beautiful chapel and its very special set of six two-light stained glass windows to the public. With plans to develop the building and its facilities further, it is expected that this "national treasure" will become a popular attraction for all visitors to Dingle and West Kerry.
Since 1998, Díseart Institute of Education and Celtic Culture has occupied the former Presentation Sisters' convent on Green Street, Dingle. This beautiful, stately, neo-gothic building designed by JJ McCarthy, was home to the Presentation enclosed community of sisters, established in Ireland in the last quarter of the eighteenth century, and who first arrived in Dingle in 1829. Since then hundreds of sisters have given a labour of love and service to the people of this area of West Kerry for over 170 years, educating and helping all especially the poor during very difficult times.
In 1922, Sister Ita Macken commissioned Irishman and one of the foremost stained glass artists of all time, Harry Clarke to design and install 12 stained glass windows in the convent chapel. For the princely sum of £1,000.00, Clarke installed a series of windows that have been described as "breathtaking", "magnificent" and "intensely moving", by some of the recent visitors and vividly illustrate Clarke's unique style with lively animated faces, a profusion of rich vibrant colours and generous ornamentation.
If it is the first, need I remind all that Greek, Portuguese, Dutch/Flemish, Hungarian, etc. is each spoken by a very small % of the total number of Europeans (EU25 and Europe)? Why are they then not "cared for", too, by a European organisation, I wonder?
The album opens with ‘Watch A Man Die’ which relives memories of mid-nineties drum & bass, weaving delicate melodies and smooth strings into brisk latticed drums.
Our latin dating site is used by single latino men and women everywhere to find love, dating, marriage and friendship as a premier latino dating service, we have taken extra steps to ensure that your online dating experience leads you to a large selection of online latin personal ads, latino singles photo galleries.
Single latina women - online dating is the best way to meet people for relationship, register on this dating site and start chatting, flirting and meeting with other members.
Matchcom helps men and women get connected and enjoy the exciting adventure of dating latina women every day, there are men searching for love or companionship who grab their computers and begin the search for latina singles. When looking through dating apps it’s always a pleasure to see pictures of beautiful latin women and colombian singles and it’s no secret you can have the best online dating experience with dating advice latin dating june 19, 2018 latamdate is the best way to meet colombian singles and they are all hot july 6, 2018.
Meet thousands of dominican singles with real profiles and find your dominican beauty meet dominican women online, meet single latinas girls membership is free join now we help you finding your special one to date simply.
Sukup Tower Dryers provide fast, efficient drying for large farm operations and commercial elevators. These units are completely assembled on-site and are available in a variety of sizes from 12’ – 24’ diameter and heights from 56’ – 120‘.
Sukup Tower Dryers feature high-quality components like stainless steel screens, a stainless steel grain table, top-quality blowers and burners, and easy-to-use computerized controls with self-diagnostics.
Wine Barrel Chairs Plans Chair is one of pictures thet are related with the picture before in the collection gallery. If you would like to see the Wine Barrel Chairs Plans Chair in High Resolution [HD Resolution] version, please press the right click on picures/image then choose "Save as Image" option, and done. You will get Wine Barrel Chairs Plans Chair pictures that you want. The exactly dimension of Wine Barrel Chairs Plans Chair was 486x626 pixels. You can also look for some pictures by collection on below this picture. Find the other picture or article about Wine Barrel Chairs here. We hope it can help you to get information of the picture.
Our company has years of experience producing fake passports and other identity documents. We use high quality equipment and materials to produce counterfeit passports. All secret features of real passports are carefully duplicated for our falsified documents.
To get further more detailed information about our high quality fake passports/driving licenses/id cards please visit our website:
Do more repetitions, not heavier. The fictitious workout to assemble muscle contains a tall edition of repetitions at a ambience draw a bead of intensity. Repress your breaks between sets supervised a minute. This immovable repetition causes a buildup of lactic acid in your muscles, which has been observed to jolt muscle growth.
Doing a workout on your own is for the most part not recommended. There are a handful benefits to having a workout buddy including having a spotter, staying motivated, and most momentous avoiding boredom. This can be a previously to cohort, or it can identical be someone that you secure have at the gym itself!
When you opening start working pass‚, do not attempt increasing the weight you are lifting. A substitute alternatively, job on improving your sand before doing longer sets or really more sets. Periodically working obsolete becomes easier, you can start adding charge or trying harder exercises to coop up your habitual engaging and challenging.
It is not a good idea to do aerobic train when you are worrying to gain the amount of muscle your substance has. The aerobic exercise can induce your cadaver to take advantage of up the glycogen and amino acids that the muscles need for repair and growth. Bulk lifting is plenty put to use to move you the muscles that you want.
As you now deliver seen, it is reachable to develop intensify muscle and it's not a very severe process if you are dedicated and follow the advice you went over. If you smoke what you've highbrow and travail hard at building muscle, you disposition identify those muscles growing in no rhythm!
AMMONNEWS - A prank caller talking to the leader of the world's most powerful country aboard Air Force One? It's apparently possible.
Posing as New Jersey Senator Robert Menendez, comedian John Melendez said he contacted President Donald Trump on Wednesday night while he was on the presidential plane.
Melendez aired a recording of the conversation on his "The Stuttering John Podcast," in which a voice that appears to be Trump's can be heard. The call starts at 1:09:00.
"You went through a tough, tough situation and I don't think a very fair situation," he said to the "senator," who was investigated for corruption before the charges were eventually dropped.
The two men then continued their conversation, moving from immigration to replacing Justice Anthony Kennedy, who is set to retire from the US Supreme Court.
The comedian said he called the White House pretending to be an aide to the senator and was ultimately put in touch with the president on Air Force One, in a scenario that raises questions about protocol governing access to the commander in chief.
It’s that time of year – Grammy prediction season! The entry period ended in September, and the nominations will be announced November 28th.
“Shape of You” – Ed Sheeran, Steve Mac, Johnny McDaid, Kandi Burruss, Tameka Cottle, Kevin Briggs, songwriters (Ed Sheeran, artist)
With this year’s nominations for Best New Artist I was pleasantly surprised with Kelsea Ballerini’s nomination and the Chainsmokers, but was rather disappointed that Cam didn’t get nominated. I find the Chainsmoker’s nomination rather intriguing because they never actually released a full-length album…
The Chainsmokers have come a long way since “#Selfie” with hit songs “Don’t Let Me Down (feat. Daya)” and “Closer (feat. Halsey).” Their work has been rather refreshing and 2016 was really their year, so I’d say they deserve the Grammy.
I really don’t know who could win, they seem so even. If I had to choose, I’d guess the Chainsmokers, but for some reason I have a gut feeling Anderson .Paak may win…I’m not really good at guessing this category.
I would be totally fine with Beyoncé, Adele, or Twenty One Pilots winning Record of the Year, but as a fake Grammy voter I cast my ballot for “Stressed Out” because find the instrumentation of it great – the synthesis string work is a real ear-grabber, and the rapped verses and sung chorus really work.
Again, I predict Adele will win all her nominations simply because she doesn’t typically lose. But, hey, “Hello” is an incredible record.
2016 was a great year for albums – we got new Adele music (finally!), Beyoncé brought us the glorious Lemonade, and so much more.
It feels like every time Beyoncé drops an album, it becomes a critically acclaimed masterpiece, and she gets nominated for Album of the Year. This certainly was the case fore I Am…Sasha Fierce, Beyoncé, and now for Lemonade. And yet, she has never won. Indeed, after her loss in 2015 to Beck’s Morning Phase, a lot of people were upset (granted, Beck has been around in the indie rock scene for a while, so his win isn’t totally random). However, with Lemonade, Beyoncé steps up her game and provides a whole visual experience.
I would not be surprised if Beyonce did win, but I feel like the Grammy’s tend to favor Adele, which technically isn’t wrong – 25 did break records (it sold over 3 million copies in one week, has sold over 10 million copies to date, etc.), and it is a solid album that discusses Adele’s next chapter in her life.
Song of the Year is perhaps one of my favorite categories at the Grammys because they honor the songwriter. Far too often, songwriters are not credited fairly for their work, which doesn’t make sense as there would be no song if it weren’t for the songwriter.
The original version of “I Took a Pill in Ibiza” is incredibly beautiful. It has the timeless sound to it, grabs at your heart, and you truly feel Posner’s pain. Out of all the nominees, Posner crafted a world that his listeners travel into, and leave feeling feeling his emptiness and loneliness. Yes, it’s not a fun experience, but it’s one that leaves me with goosebumps every time.
It’s not that I think Adele doesn’t deserve to win the Grammy – “Hello” is indeed a gorgeous song – I simply think “I Took a Pill in Ibiza” captured Posner’s pain a bit better. However, out of these songs nominated, I believe “Hello” was the biggest of 2016. Adele dominated the charts, and she is indeed incredibly talented. She has a Grammy-winning streak – she’s won every Grammy she has won since she released 21 in 2011. So, it seems inevitable that she will win again.
It’s that time of year – we’re one month-ish away from the Grammys, so as usual, I thought I’d share my predictions of who should and who will win throughout the month. I like to pretend I’m a Grammy voter – which, I’ve been repeatedly told I don’t “qualify” for – and select who I would vote for. Obviously I can’t go through each category – there are eighty-four categories – so I’ll probably just hit the bigger categories. Grammy voters don’t vote for every category – they vote for the top four, and then I think they vote within their specified genre. Anyway…
We’re one month away from the 2017 Grammy nominations being announced, so I thought I’d share my predictions – it’s fun for me and sometimes I’m weirdly accurate. One year I correctly guessed all the nominees for Record of the Year and I was 90% accurate on the other main categories (not that I’m bragging).
I know I already written about my predictions for Best New Artist, but I think that was a bit premature – at the time I didn’t realize that some of the following artists could be nominated. So below is an updated list of artists (in no particular order) who I believe could/should get nominated (not that the people in the last shouldn’t be nominated, but I think these artists have greater odds of getting nominated).
Personally, I think Twenty One Pilots, Halsey, and Maren Morris have the greatest chance of being nominated considering each made huge waves in their respective genres. Twenty One Pilots had a huge year with their hits “Stressed Out,” “Ride,” and “Heathens,” it’s almost likely they’ll get nominated. Halsey’s break out with Badlands and her new take on alt-electronic-pop deserves a nod. Maren Morris’ Hero is one of the biggest country albums this year, and she recently was nominated for a lot of big CMA awards (i.e. she has critical acclaim).
Kelsea Ballerini likewise made similar splashes in country music like Morris, but I’m hesitant to think she’ll be nominated because her album The First Time was released outside the Grammy period. However, the Grammy’s have bended this rule before, so you never know.
Alessia Cara and Rachel Platten both had huge hits (“Here” and “Fight Song,” respectively) and likewise have chances of being nominated as both albums are within the Grammy period. I’m hesitant, however, because while I’d love to see both of them there, I have a gut feeling…
The uncertainty of the future is forever haunting in these times of climate change. The waters are rising, people are moving and lives are merging. In this installation, the underwater ghosts are a figurative combination of human and animal to reflect the drowning and dislocation of identity amid the shifting shoreline. The caged ghosts, kept captive in a menagerie of the future, reflect the futility of containing and controlling the abounding anxieties. These ethereal beings that emerge from the deluge are the survivors in a scenario of adaptation and hybridity.
The seas are rising and in this watery world there are no marauding barbarians, lawless scavengers or lowcast hybrids. Just shark whisperers, frollicking water-pigs and regular folk taking the fish for a walk. Its eccentric times in a world of shifting sands. Don't be afraid of the shift.
Our increasingly intimate relationship with technology continues to merge the real and the digital as we search for popularity on facebook, commodities on ebay and affection on RSVP.com. The coveted and fetishized computer gadgets extend us to a place where we google our desires and perform our fabricated private lives. 'Click Fetish' expresses the insatiable manual pleasure of the mouse-driven search for novelty and fantasy. It represents a blurring of spaces where the undesired can augment their reality and where the mundane becomes titillation. Our seduction, however, into the utopia of harmless, anonymous fun comes unstuck and dulled by the inescapable abjection of reality.
In a post-jet age world, we are left with a longing for other places. Our only choice of travel, though, is a tour at home amongst the memorabilia of past voyages or places we have only seen online. It's a home full of souvenirs that represent the exotic of elsewhere. This video was made in collaboration with Anna Tautfest for the online residency Transit Lounge '09.
Rejecting meaningless and arbitrary definitions, this video explores identity as a matrix of updatable versions. Our adventurer embarks on an online voyage to reshape ideas of identity. But, beware of shonky tour operators and their backyard javascript. There's no telling what will happen to our adventuresome gal.
When I felt Mum's hand touching my shoulder- was it real or just something in my head? I will never know. This video explores grief as an 'inbetween' state where the boundary between here and there is blurred.
Shuttle+ includes folder browsing, tag editing, Chromecast support and additional themes not available in the free version. Note: Due to changes in Kitkat, tag editing is no longer possible for files stored on the SD card on Android 4.4+ Follow me on Google+ to keep … Continue Reading →
Audio beats is super stylish audio player app with most powerful features designed in very beautiful way. Its light weight, super fast & beautifully crafted with material design in mind for your perfect media player experience. Its the best audio player and music player app! … Continue Reading →
Yandex.Music Over 20 million tracks: from rock and jazz to classical and hip-hop. Selections made just for you or themed playlists; TV soundtracks, workout music, or tracks for your next party. Building on your musical tastes, the app will custom-pick dozens of tracks and allow … Continue Reading →
YMusic (Youtube Music by Khang) is an app to listen to music from YouTube videos even when your device’s screen is turned off. When you play a video on the YouTube app and then turn off the device’s screen, the video stops playing. With YMusic … Continue Reading →
Record everything that your phone’smicrophonepicks up, while still using the phone as usual. Therecording isdone in the background. It will not stop until you tellit to stop.It will re-start itself if the phone reboots. No pushingof volumebuttons three times, no intricate procedures to start andstoprecording! … Continue Reading →
White Noise Generator Mix the relaxing sounds and create your own favorite mixes for relaxation, sleeping or concentration. Do you love the sounds of the forest with cracking fire or calming beach with gentle wind? No problemo! With Relaxio, its super easy to create your … Continue Reading →
Listen to your favorite radio stations for free with TuneIn Radio. With over 100,000 stations, TuneIn has the largest selection of sports, news, music and talk radio from around the world. TuneIn Radio Pro is free of display ads and lets you record what you … Continue Reading →
Musixmatch is the world’s largest lyrics catalog, that lets you enjoy diverse music with synced lyrics. It has been featured among the “Best Apps 2014” selection on Google Play Store. It is a must have app for music lovers: • Listen to the songs in … Continue Reading →
Powered by Top Developer in Google Play Store, VivaVideo is one of the best video editor, photo slideshow maker & movie editing apps in Android market. It has over 200 million users all over the world so far and has been featured in Google Play … Continue Reading →
GalleryVault is a fantastic privacy protection app to easily hide and encrypt your photos, videos and any other files that you do not want others to see. GalleryVault can hide its app icon and keep your privacy absolutely safe. You can import your private images … Continue Reading →
KMPlayer Pro is the AD-Free version. 2014 Awarded Top 30 Best App by Google Play Experience your videos like never before with KMPlayer Movies, TV Shows, Animations, Homemade & Mobile Phone Videos, and video file, watch them in the highest quality with maximum control KMPlayer … Continue Reading →
Perfect Player is set-top box style IPTV/Media player for watching videos on TVs, tablets and smartphones. The app doesn’t contain any channels, you need to add Playlists in Settings for this. Features: – Nice OSD menus and infos for easy and pleasant watching videos with … Continue Reading →
Audials Pro is the only Radio App for smartphones & tablets that can easily find the right for receiving the desired Hits Radio station with the Audials Network to fulfill a music request from thousands of monitored Internet radio. Only Audials Pro has the radio … Continue Reading →
tinyCam Monitor The best Android app for remote survei llance, control and video recording your private/public network or IP cameras, video encoders and DVRs with CCTV cams with 5+ million downloads. Monitor your baby, pet, home, business, traffic, and weather remotely and securely (no data … Continue Reading →
Pixomatic photo editor is featured by Apple in “Great Photography Apps”, “New Apps We Love” & “Share the Fever” on the App Store, that makes smart cutouts from an image with fingertips directly from your mobile device. Have you ever wanted to accurately and conveniently … Continue Reading →
Photobooth mini FULL will allow you to take funny pictures for printing and sharing. Some details : – Full screen preview adapted to the distance of the face in a real cabin (if you zoom with the volume buttons: the chosen distance is kept) – … Continue Reading →
PicsArt Pro PicsArt Photo Studio combines the best features of many photo applications it is one of best and most complete photo editors available for free in the market for Android devices. PicsArt Photo Studio Pro includes tools and features such as: One of the … Continue Reading →
Gudak Cam 24 shots for one film roll, after you finish the last shot of the film, you have to wait an hour to reload the film. Once you finish the roll, you have to wait full 3 days for the development processing to see … Continue Reading →
Over 100 millions fans, Photo Grid is the most popular photo collage maker. With Photo Grid, you can combine ordinary photos into worth-share photo collages; you can decorate your pics by applying fantastic filter, adding stickers and text; you can enjoy with your friends and … Continue Reading →
DSLR Camera HD Ultra Professional is specially designed to take high quality phones and videos. With this app you can take ultra quality photos with professional camera. This app is developed with special attention to satisfy users to get best HD picture quality from their device … Continue Reading →
Photo Studio Photo Studio is a powerful all-in-one image processing application for photographers of any level. It contains basic and precise tools that provide multiple ways of retouching your images. Turn your photos into master piece using a wide variety of effects, filters, color and … Continue Reading →
Over 100 millions fans, Photo Grid – Photo collage editor is the most popular photo collage maker. With Photo Grid – Photo collage editor, you can combine ordinary photos into worth-share photo collages with perfect design layout for Instagram; With Photo Grid – Photo collage … Continue Reading →
Camera blocker is an anti spy tool. Camera blocker will disable and block your phone camera and give full camera protection against application like Spyware,Viruses, Malware and Surveillance.Camera blocker will block access of camera to all apps and whole android system (NO ROOT REQUIRED). Privacy … Continue Reading →
Camera Block – Spyware protect Block, disable and secure phone camera and protect your privacy from spyware. • App block all camera resources and disable access to camera to other apps and whole android system . • App will protect your phone camera from watching … Continue Reading →
Momoko, who dreams of becoming an illustrator, finds employment in an ultra fast-paced office that specializes in designing pachinko parlors!! With the office running a yakuza-like business and employing a designer who has a habit of suddenly stripping in the middle of the night, Momoko believes that the company employees are a bit... no, definitely eccentric!! She continues pulling all-nighters, unable even to return home... And in the midst of that cigarette smoke-filled office, where women's authority takes a step back, she asks herself, "Why am I here?"
Price includes UK postage & packing - please email for overseas shipping costs. All my mosaics are lovingly handmade and original, so will vary in small ways from the website images. I will make your mosaic as soon as I can - approximately within six weeks. If you need it by a certain date, please email me directly. On placing your order, you will receive a confirmation email, followed by an email when your mosaic is on its way. Please feel free to phone me if you have any queries - 07944 635487
Made on cement board in porcelain tiles - two holes for fixing either side. Up to two numbers, small motif included if wanted, any colour combination. £55 including UK P&P, 20cm x 20cm. Email for a quote for more numbers.
kitchen shelf with hooks impressive metal kitchen shelves kitchen shelf with hooks small size kitchen shelf with hanging hooks kitchen cabinet shelf hooks.
kitchen cabinet shelf clips home depot stainless steel shelves cup hooks,kitchen shelf hooks cabinet clips home depot wall shelves with articles tag,kitchen cabinet shelf support clips wall shelves with hooks pan rack and s shape,kitchen cabinet shelf support clips wall hooks stainless steel storage rack free removable wooden with hanging,shelves stainless steel wall mount kitchen shelf microwave rack hooks kraftmaid cabinet clips ikea with,kitchen cabinet shelf hooks set of 2 stainless steel shelves cupboard clips locking,kitchen wall shelves with hooks cupboard shelf clips screwfix rail and set stainless unit,kitchen cupboard shelf clips screwfix cabinet image result for decorative wall with hooks clever ideas and locking,kitchen shelf hooks ikea cabinet clips home depot empty stock image of brightness,kitchen shelf with hanging hooks pan impressive metal shelves.
MCC panel boards are the power control panels which are required to be attached with the motor panels to make its functioning more efficient and reliable. These MCC panel boards are designed and manufactured in a very advanced technological manner
white house white shutters most people go sure a white house with black classic the added complication for us is that we have shutters white brick house with green shutters.
white house white shutters download white house with black shutters stock image image of driveway white brick home with white shutters.
white house white shutters pictures of shutters on houses white house blue shutters shell white painted brick house white painted white brick house with green shutters.
white house white shutters a house with gray paint white trim and black shutters white brick house with white shutters.
white house white shutters white brick painted home with dove gray shutters white house white exterior shutters.
white house white shutters download white house red shutters stock photo image of front white brick house with blue shutters.
white house white shutters pretty classic white house with black shutters white brick house with grey shutters.
white house white shutters brick house white shutters large brick two storey home with white shutters stock photo and home design pictures white brick house with green shutters.
white house white shutters well i guess i know how it was almost a turn of events similar to the if you give a mouse a cookie story that i also mentioned with the post on white brick house with black.
white house white shutters i am not sure how white on white would look in a new house though seems to work on older ones white brick house with brown shutters.
white house white shutters most people go sure a white house with black classic red brick house with white shutters.
All religious school parents are expected to join their children at 9:45 a.m. for a special intergenerational program in the classroom prior to the show. There will be a reserved section for parents and their children.
niezalogowany | logowanie | rejestracja | TennisPrediction.com PARTNERZY: Tenisbet.pl | 1x2tip.com | Trefik.com | Tenis Live
This was the match of the year, perhaps the decade, for Newcombe, Laver, and their Aussie teammates, Ken Rosewall and Mal Anderson. With an average age in the mid-30s—Newk, at 29, was the only player anywhere near his prime—this “Dad’s Army,” as they were sometimes called, knew it would likely be their last Davis Cup hurrah. And it had been a long time coming. As contract professionals, the Aussie greats had long been banned from the old-guard, amateur-run team competition. Newcombe hadn’t been allowed to play for his country since 1967, Laver since ’62, and Rosewall since 1956, when he was a baby-faced 22-year-old. As Newk said, when the amateur establishment finally crumbled and allowed them to return in '73, “the boys were raring to go and ready to make up for lost time.” Newk was so ready that he had skipped most of the pro tour in ’73 to concentrate on winning Grand Slams and bringing the Davis Cup back to what the Aussies considered its rightful home.
As Rex Bellamy, the tennis correspondent for the Times of London who attended the final that year, put it, “Australia went into action with a feeling that here was a chance—for some of them, perhaps a last chance—to show the world what tennis was like in the days when men were men and Australia ruled the world.”
For Newcombe, it was a matter of etching the Aussie tennis dynasty, which stretched back two decades, in stone one final time—literally.
For athletes from Australia, this was no small thing. In the 1950s and ‘60s, under their hard-nosed svengali Harry Hopman, tennis had been the national sport Down Under. Aussie boys dreamed of playing for its Davis Cup team the way American boys dreamed of playing for the New York Yankees. And the Aussies were even more dominant than the Yanks—from 1950 to 1967, the country won 15 Cups in 18 seasons.
Now it was 1973, and the dynasty was in decline. The boys of summers past were on the wrong side of 30, long-haired, mutton-chopped veterans of one-night barn-storming tours around the globe. Despite Hopman’s protestations, his best players—Rosewall, Hoad, Laver, Newcombe, Roche—kept leaving him for the wilderness of the pro game, and no new generation had arrived to take their place. When Open tennis began in 1968, Hopman, the emperor of amateurism, knew his time was up. He would never control Australian tennis the way he once had, so he left for the professional wilderness of America. In 1969, Hopman stepped down as Davis Cup captain and became the head of a new tennis academy in Port Washington, NY. He wasn’t the only one to leave the seemingly dated team competition behind. Writing about the Cup in ’73, Australian tennis journalist Alan Trengove said, “For some, the quest for loot clearly took precedence over patriotism.”
That left the ’73 Aussie team in the hands of one of Hopman’s early protégés, Neale Fraser. His players may have been long in the tooth, but they hadn’t lost any of their bite. Looking back, Fraser called his squad, “The greatest Davis Cup team that any country has ever put on a court.”
It was so great that Fraser had the unenviable task of putting either Ken Rosewall or Rod Laver on the bench.
“I had to tell a fellow who was a far better player than me,” Fraser said of Rosewall, “that he’s not going to play Davis Cup.” Muscles, after waiting 17 years, would make one appearance in doubles that season, in the semis at Kooyong in Melbourne, against the Czech team.
But even successful Davis Cup campaigns usually have to survive an exotic adventure or two, and it was true for the Aussies as well. When they arrived in Madras to play the Indian team, the Australians were informed that they were the target of a death threat issued by the Pakistani terrorist group Black December—not to be confused with the Black September group that had threatened to kill Harold Solomon and Brian Gottfried, the Jewish members of the U.S. team, when it won the Cup in Bucharest the previous year.
The original plan was for the Aussie players who were married with children, which included Newcombe, to go home and let the single men risk it all for the home country. But when a local Indian police commissioner guaranteed the team’s safety and assigned them armed bodyguards, everyone stayed and played. Still, it was something of a surprise when Newk and the boys found out what they were going to play on: Courts made of cow dung.
The Aussies survived those as well, and in November they flew to Cleveland, Ohio, for the final. It would be against a team that had run rampant in their absence: The U.S squad, led that year by Stan Smith and Tom Gorman, were the five-time defending Cup champions.
At first glance, the environment seemed almost as weirdly unwelcoming as it had been in Madras. It was cold, wet, snowy, and windy in Cleveland that final weekend in November—the lake was in effect. Perhaps fortunately, or perhaps not, the Cup final would be contested indoors for the first time. That protected the players from the weather, but it also put them inside the Public Auditorium, which Bellamy remembered as a “somber hall perched on the southern shore of Lake Erie...with bizarre touches like billboards for Wonder Bread, and an oxygen kit and spittoons installed along the carpet court.” While the tennis boom was on in America, it apparently had yet to reach the northern edge of Ohio. The crowds for this duel of the dynasties were disappointing.
That didn’t stop the Aussie and American singles players from putting on a classic, eight-hour, 10-set opening day. In the first match, Newcombe and Smith reprised their five-set Wimbledon final from two years earlier. The result was the same—a win for Newk, 6-4 in the fifth—but the tennis might have been even better. Smith led 3-1 in the final set, with a break point for 4-1, but he netted a forehand. In Bellamy’s words, “Newcombe fought back with the fury of a wounded but indomitable lion who knew he had to kill or be killed.” The match ended with a memorable anti-climax at 5-4: A net-cord winner for Newcombe at deuce, and a double fault by Smith on match point. “Such a superb match, such a brutal ordeal for body and mind, deserved a better finish,” Bellamy wrote.
In the second match, Laver made sure there would be no fluke ending against Gorman. The 35-year-old Rocket lost the first set 10-8, and went down two sets to one, but won it going away.
“For three sets,” Bellamy wrote, “this too was a fine match, bubbling with uncertainty in its richly contrasted patterns.”
Over the final two sets, though, Gorman wilted; “something inside of him died in the heat of combat,” according to Bellamy. At the same time, Laver, that seasoned veteran of tennis crises, rose to the occasion.
“Suddenly,” Bellamy said of the Rocket, “he was putting it all together and playing beautifully, like a poet who had been struggling to find a good line and had thought of a great one.”
With the Aussies up 2-0, Fraser decided to go for the kill rather than rest his singles players. He thought that Laver and Newcombe were on a roll, they were fit enough to make the turnaround, and he liked the fact that they would confuse their opponents, Smith and Eric van Dillen, with their alternating righty and lefty serves. Of course, it wouldn’t be easy. The Americans hadn’t lost a Davis Cup doubles match in five years.
As the Aussies walked on court, Newcombe asked Laver an innocent question: “Rocket, why not rip your backhand today? It makes me nervous serving to you, because your backhand return is so strong. So when the Yanks serve to you today, please step in and hit the [expletive] out of the ball.”
Laver obliged. On the second point of the match, Newcombe looked at him and said, “‘Now’s the time. Belt this one back as hard as you can.’ Rod, who had the best poker face in tennis, said nothing. But the instant the ball left Stan’s racquet, he leaped forward four paces and performed the best backhand return I’ve ever seen. I couldn’t see a ball, just a blur.”
The ball-blur was past the net man, Van Dillen, in a heartbeat. “His face sank,” Newcombe remembered, “as if to say, ‘I’m way out of my league here.’”
Van Dillen was, and so were the Americans. Laver and Newcombe won 6-1, 6-2, 6-4 to clinch Australia’s first Davis Cup in six years. It would, as Newk predicted, be the last for the nation’s old guard. They celebrated in customary Aussie fashion.
“Boy, did we party,” Newcombe said. “We had a huge dinner, the beer and wine flowed, and we sang and celebrated all night long.”
Even Laver, never the party animal, joined in. Newcombe said his lasting memory of his teammate from that weekend was seeing him “smiling beatifically” in the hotel bathroom that night: “He had the biggest, widest grin on that freckled face of his.” Newcombe was about to say something, but he decided to leave the Rocket to his reverie.
Yet Newk and Laver still had enough in them to come back the next day and win both reverse singles to complete the 5-0 sweep. “We rubbed the American players’ noses in it a little bit,” Fraser said, "which we were happy to do.” Men were men, the Aussies ruled, and all was right in the tennis world again.
But where was the man who had made them men, and launched the Aussie dynasty all those years before? Harry Hopman was on Long Island, with a new protégé, a 14-year-old named John McEnroe. But this wasn’t the same, hard Hopman who, in the words of Laver, had trained the Aussies “to run through a desert,” and who, according to Newcombe, would “go ape-sh*t” when he was two minutes late for curfew. This kindler, gentler Hopman was known to watch a raving teenage Johnny Mac and say, “It would be a shame to break him, with all that talent.”
The old amateur era of total control was over, and Hop knew it—the players had the power now. The men he had molded in Australia were coming to the ends of their careers. The young man he had molded, in a very different way, in Port Washington, was just getting started.
Björn Borg Padget Hoodie Zwart | Björn Borg Tenniskleding | 7321464074943 Björn Borg Padget Hoodie Zwart | Björn Borg Tenniskleding | 7321464074943
Crude mortality rates by region of residence, major groups of causes of death and sex - Years 1990-2013
Age-standardized mortality rates by region of residence, major groups of causes of death and sex - Years 1990-2013
Population by some reported chronic diseases and by gender - Years 1980, 1983, 1987, 1990, 1993 - 2015
Population by some reported chronic diseases and by geographical area - Years 1980, 1983, 1987, 1990, 1993 - 2015
Hey hey, allow me to introduce Half the Battle, a show where I discuss all things GIJoe. We take a look at the toys, comics and cartoons one by one, hopefully in a funny way. If you're familiar with sites like Channel Awesome, or Atop the 4th Wall, then it's something a little like that. If not, then come, my friends, I have such sights to show you !
For the full archive, there's my youtube channel, with playlists sorted by charachter, comic and cartoon reviews for your convenience. The early episodes are a bit rough, to say the least.
This looks really great, Thanks so much for bringing it to our attention. If you want to keep us updated with the latest episodes, we will be glad to promote your show on our front page.
That would be awesome ! You can expect an update in this thread every tuesday, that's when a new episode comes out.
Do not try stupid things here please, cmd, ping, path: this will never work. it is my own search program
The GRAMOPHONE Pre Amplifier 33.3 V2 Limited Edition, hereafter referred to merely as HB 33.3, is another British maverick solution, of impeccable pedigree, to that most difficult of tasks, the amplification and equalisation of puny pick-up cartridge voltages to line level while simultaneously cranking the signal through a compound curve EQ roughly equating to a 6dB per octave bass-boost-treble-cut. This task is SO MUCH MORE DIFFICULT than any other in analogue audio. It is the equivalent of amplifying a microphone signal while the bass is turned full up +10 (+11 on Spinal Tap's PA) and the treble -10.
Precisely the challenge (although YMMV = your mains may vary to 60Hz in some places), replieth ye olde scribe.
So the power supply (psu) has to be mint. Clean. Pure. Given that aforementioned EQ, ripple has to be at least 21dB better than the Radiotron Designers Handbook recommends for microphones, in order to have equal mains hum rejection for a magnetic cartridge. The 33.3 PSU is sited outboard to exclude any intrusion of stray AC (alternating current) hum within the main 33.3 chassis. The psu features a double Pi filter for smoothing, so called because it is like two Pi filters with a shared leg. Pi filters are so called because when drawn their series and parallel components resemble the Greek letter pi, Π. The 33.3's Wigan origins do not explain why Haden uses more pies, although Wigan is home to the annual World Pie Eating Championship. No pies were harmed in the making of this power supply.
The result is a very quiet, all valve (yes they are "tube" types, being ECC83/12AX7, a medium mu, high gain B9a 'miniature' compared to bulbous GT equivalents) double triode, so called because there are two identical valves in each glass envelope. This has probably been the most popular UK choice for phono pre-amps since the great valve revival of the 1980s. Coincidentally the ECC83 has a gain of around 100x, which is what the whole Gram 33.3 achieves net of the feedback in its active RIAA stage. Around 2 million ECC83/12AX7 are still produced every year (mostly in China or the former Soviet Union countries) so spares will never be a problem and tube rolling only costs pairs.
The Gramophone 33.3 designer and builder Haden Boardman should need no introduction to the world's Garrard 301/401 afficionados. As one of the principle UK voices most responsible for the revival of this turntable, Haden has much for which to be thanked. Indeed, in Europe the 401/301 family has come close to the cult status they already enjoyed in parts of Asia, after decades of dismissal by the subchassis worshipping European Audiophile Turntable Hegemony. On this side of the pond, anything with less than 3 springs between platter/arm and planet surface was burned at the stake with its owner during the 80s and early 90s. The AR may have started the trend, but bouncy Thorens, Transcriptors, Leak, Ariston, Michell, Linn, Fons, The Source, Systemdeck, Pink Triangle, ad infinitum (they're still coming) hammered nails in the coffin of the old idler drive decks like the Garrards, 124s and Lencos.
Your old scribe used to act as schoolboy hifi valuer for a thrift store (in exchange for 1st dibs at cost, for example, enabling the acquisition of a Transcriptor Saturn for less than 20€) and once advised them in about '75 to remove a SME 3009 from a 401, sell the SME and virtually give the 401 away with its plinth. The '70s HiFi Yearbooks featured pages of Black Night Rumblecure accessories for 301/401, which would would be enough deter anyone from buying a turntable that looked like it needed improvement from hectares of carpet underlay. The situation deteriorated for Idler drive turntables in the Scottish Turntable worshipping days, such that Thorens 124's, Lencos and Garrards would be left over at the end of charity sales. Then along came dissidents like Haden Boardman.
The HB 33-3 phono stage is designed and built in Lancashire (immediately prejudicing Heather, who being from t'other side o't'Pennines hasn't forgotten the Wars of The Roses) in the heart of England's industrial North, where the whole business of industrial invention and production was perfected 200 years ago. The HB 33-3 is hand built in small batches, thus reversing this trend. The test sample is number 13 of 33 samples of this limited edition version of the HB GRAMOPHONE Pre Amplifier 33.3 V2.
Haden emphasises the importance of Phase, Timbre and Timing in the design priorities for this baby. His abbreviation PTT, more reminiscent of the French postal service, covers the RaT in PRaT but replaces outright Pace with Timbre, in the design equation. The musical term 'timbre' encompass tonal accuracy (frequency response), timing within an instrument's envelope, and dynamic accuracy. Research demonstrates that removing the first and final few milliseconds of an individual note from various musical instruments makes it impossible for test subjects to discriminate between instruments. Hence accurate timbre must be maintained from the teeny tiny cartridge mV output, if the music from the speakers is to make any sense at all.
The HB 33.3 addresses tonal accuracy by remaining true to the original RIAA curve to within 0.5% and balances channels as accurately as can be measured in production. There are many well rehearsed arguments about variations on the RIAA curve to allow for cutter resonance/roll-off, lunar phases, cutting engineer hearing loss (70's pressings), label policies, so the default, de facto standard is going to allow your old scribe to get on with the review without further tangents.
Which brings us neatly, dear reader, to the other decisions that must be made about implementing phono stage design. GAIN: this has a lot of gain, so much so that I ran medium output moving coil cartridges straight in and they worked fine. This does not mean all MC cartridges will work, as many have puny outputs or need much lower input impedance (like 100Ω) than the 68kΩ on the HB 33.3. offer here.
Not mentioned on the website is the decision to use 68kΩ input impedance. Moving Magnet cartridges can be sensitive to input resistance and capacitance. That is why many manufacturers offer very precise recommendations for Recommended capacitance (often mostly pick up arm cable capacitance) to produce a flattish frequency response in conjunction with the usual 47kΩ input resistance. Some old Shures (especially the M95 series) could not produce a flat frequency response without lower resistance and higher capacitance. To meet this demand, many high-spec receivers and pre-amps had switchable input options or interchangeable input boards, still available in some cases like the Canor TP306 VR+. Moving iron cartridges do seem particularly sensitive to load, so this might need specifying when ordering. The modified Decca did exhibit a nasty peak and some ringing above 10kHz, but this also confirmed that the HB 33.3 recovers exceptionally well from clicks, pops and sibilants. The ability of a cartridge/phono-stage combo to recover from momentary non-musical signals is one of the defining characteristics of successful vinyl front ends. It is ricochet overshoot following clicks that puts many off vinyl replay and the HB 33.3 passes this basic parameter much better than many more than 3 or 4 times the price of the HB 33.3.
Another decision that has to be made by a manufacturer is casework. The stove enamelled black 3U rack with 2mm aluminium front panel, drilled for rack mounting, can only be described as utilitarian looking. The Plebs Chorus know my views on encasing circuits, especially pre-amplifiers, in steel coffins and this decision must have been made with regard to producing a model at £450 retail - no mean feat. I do know that, even far Eastern, OEM more-aluminium-than-steel standard boxes cost more than the retail price of this completed product, so an all wood and copper Japanese super amp case is out of the question. Haden's solution, which is not unique in the world of audiophilia, but probably unique at this price point, is adherence to the golden ratio. The case dimensions conform to 1 = 1:1.61803. Haden argues that, "It is not just material, material thickness & density, but the shape as well that has a major effect on the sound".
Haden reduces case mass to the minimum to minimise stored energy. Within that minimal case layout compromises are balanced carefully. The pcb is far enough from the back panel to minimise hysteris effects of the steel panel, while near enough to minimise unscreened hook up wire lengths. During audition your old scribe tried various combinations of removed casework and the miniscule effects were testament to effective case design, although lid off was sufficient improvement to run the remainder of audition with the lid off. This case spec is an example of clever design mitigating a potential problem at much less unit cost than typical couture solutions.
The pcb flies in the face of purist point-to-point obsessions. It is close enough to the back to keep the wiring short, and more importantly, the power supply (PSU) is outboard. This keeps noise down (subjectively it is as low as most solid state MM phono stages) and might also allow room for future PSU upgrades if research suggests such to be worthwhile.
Haden Boardman's GRAMOPHONE Pre Amplifier 33.3 V2 Limited Edition phono stage immediately impresses with its liveliness, as it raises the output of the modified Decca, despite the obvious impedance mismatch between this sub 30kΩ loving moving iron legend and the 68kΩ input of the HB 33.3. The rising treble could not be cured by tweeter toe-in as the evenly dispersing B&C DE-400TN-8 with 90° horns are currently in system. The NS10 paper tissue trick is all wrong on an audiophile page, so pulling tweeter level down with a simple voltage divider had to suffice. This had the perfect synergy of dropping the level above 8kHz, precisely the point at which the uptilt had been audible.
The Decca (now London) is a fast-as-f*ck transducer and the HB 33.3 kept up, reminiscent of Doug Dunlop's Excelsior fed by his London Super Gold. uncannily similar in character in fact, but the HB 33.3 displays its modern origins by reduced grain and increased transparency. Familiar records with hi-hat snap and rim shots were handled with speed and grace. Bass is understandably thin with this loading on the Decca but bass articulation points to greater things with better matched cartridges. Timing is better than anything red book digital can manage, even if short of those passive EQ phono stages costing over £2000. The first dozen or so discs on the list below were played by the Decca through the HB 33.3 without any urgent desire to change carts, so the mismatch was not getting in the way of the music. Surface noise is reduced compared with the Decca feeding some phono stages, but the bite of Trevor Pinnock's original instruments ensemble performing selections from Handel, conducted from the harpsichord continuo, have the snap that only Deccas can achieve.
Installing the Cartridge Man MusicMaker in the Hadcock 242SE Silver shifts the experience up a gear. With the tweeters returned to their 'flat' alignment, the sound balance achieved accurate frequency response at last. Haden does not subscribe to the Allen Wright 50kHz uplift to compensate for lathe roll off, but unless your cartridge-vinyl tip resonance is of the CD4/UD4 variety, there'll be nothing to amplify up there anyway. With the MusicMaker in the driving seat, the bass is solid, the soundstage is solid, and the treble is fluid. Not high-end moving coil into £5k phonostage fluidity, but the sum of these parts is way above their collective cost.
The Rolling Stones' rhythms drive along, Wyman's bass clear below the wall of guitars and vocals. Little Feat's turntable torture track, Long Distance Love, articulates heavy bass below clear vocal harmonies. Stevie Wonder's deft keyboards and immaculate production are clear to hear. The good rhythm performance is probably thanks to the power supply as the outboard mains transformer (mtx) is over sized and all power supply components "are about 10x the rating they need to be". Experiments by the flat earth brigade have always supported the bigger mtx equals better rhythm. Even though it lacks the high-end finesse of more costly set ups, this is a combination I could live with: Michell Orbe SE turntable mounted on modified Origin Live Ultra wall shelf, Hadcock 242SE Silver pickup arm, Cartridge Man MusicMaker cartridge, Haden Boardman's HB GRAMOPHONE Pre Amplifier 33.3 V2 Limited Edition.
The dynamics are as good as it gets from a vinyl front end up to two or three times the price. Perhaps a rebuilt Garrard 401 and a £5k strain gauge cartridge might take things further. subtlety and the finest nuances are not on a par with high end MC's feeding £2500 phono stages like the Canor TP106 VR+, but the macro-dynamics combined with the PRaT make this a satisfactory phono-stage that enables enough musical information to be retrieved.
The soundstage from the MusicMaker through the HB 33.3 is wide at the front and deep at the centre. It extends beyond the loudspeakers and back through the back wall. The Canor TP106 VR+ manages more width at the back and even more delusion of height at times. However, pinpoint imagery does not exist in audio unless faked, and neither of these capable phono stages attempt such affectation.
So dynamic and so capable of macro dynamics and soundstage is the HB33.3 that your old scribe succumbed to the audiophile cliché, Reference Recordings RR12, Däfos;. The MusicMaker/HB 33.3 combo performed with aplomb. The dynamics equalled anything from any front end, exceeding the Source/Odyssey/Decca Supergold/Excelsior and Linn/Naim -5/Hicap benchmarks contemporary with its release. Ambience and microdynamics may not be up with the latest high end but both bombast and soundstage are enormous. Really, really big.
Just to check its tiny signal handling, a low output MC was connected, one that's happy with 68kΩ but needs at least 30-50dB more gain. It worked. The noise was not too intrusive and everything was there.
"What a stupid thing to do", heckle plebs chorus, stage left, "This tells us nothing useful, who in their right mind hooks up low output MC's to MM inputs"
It demonstrates downward dynamic range, to coin another phrase from the aforementioned Allen Wright. This phono stage can handle the tiniest of signals, so little is lost this early in the amplification chain.
Your old scribe had just decided this front end is good enough for all but the most critical high-enders, not knowing how much more than the £444 website price it was, and then came a surprise.
With a price of "£451 with free delivery anywhere on the Planet" this is right on the money. Like Glenn Croft's designs, finish is Caterham while sound is Aston Martin.
Haden offers a "30 day money back guarantee if not 100% happy with the unit's performance" so it is a risk free, unseen, unheard mail order purchase. If buyers are expecting Acoustic Research Reference series performance for this money, they will be disappointed. However, it will beat any used AR or CJ available at twice the price. To achieve this transparency and accuracy from an all passive, zero feedback, design requires at least 3 gain stages and MUCH BIGGER passive components that therefore have to be of commensurate higher quality to counteract their higher values: we'd be talking Black Gates, Hovlands; AN silver and their ilk. That is why good zero feedback phono stages tend to cost so much or soon get butchered by owners installing their favourite flava caps.
Haden Boardman's GRAMOPHONE Pre Amplifier 33.3 V2 Limited Edition phono stage reminds us what we all knew, that it is the excecution of a topology, not the architecture itself, that makes the most impact in audio electronics. Just like Doug Dunlop's Concordant Excelsior 25 years ago, here is a phono pre-amplifier using active EQ (aka feedback), printed circuit boards, steel cases, no silver and an outboard power supply. And, just like Dougie's design, this times impeccably, has great Flat Earth standards of rhythm, but this is much more accurate than those old Concordants. The HB 33.3 V2 phono stage exceeds expectations to a dramatic extent...
Your old scribe misunderstood communications and descriptions and believed he was reviewing a Special [limited] Edition of the basic HB 33.3, and that the basic HB 33.3 cost £444 and therefore the Special Edition probably cost about double that. The Haden Boardman GRAMOPHONE Pre Amplifier 33.3 V2 Limited Edition was marked on that basis and compared on that value scale. On that value scale this phono amplifier succeeded in being competitive, even a bargain, blowing into the weeds another similarly priced well known British phono pre-amp that appears in the comics' lists of Recommended devices per price point. On discovering that this phono pre-amp costs just £450 direct from the maker, this puts it against pre-amplifiers like the YAQIN MS-12B. There is just no comparison. This British designed and made unit is playing a couple of leagues above the YAQIN. The latter looks fancier, but needs a complete set of circuit mods and upgrades to get into audiophile territory. The Haden Boardman GRAMOPHONE Pre Amplifier 33.3 V2 Limited Edition phono stage is there from kick off.
Georg Handel: Orkestrawerke, splendid 1985 boxed set by The English Concert on authentic instruments, directed by Trevor Pinnock with the joie de vivre possible in orchestral music still based in dance forms.
Just ask those who have been through the pain and pressure of  let’s just say  not going through the right channels, never having the ear or voice of those in the know. Unfortunately, the old saying still applies. It is not what you know  and those who have struggled knew very little to begin with  it’s who you know. Perhaps if you had the right business connections right from the word go you would have apprized yourself of the best business it solutions as is appropriate to your business and circumstances.
But it has happened on many more occasions than not that struggling small business developers, in seeking out the cheapest and quickest way to get their modest collection of software and hardware tools to run optimally in favor of running a good business, ran into obstacles rather than solutions. It ended up costing them a lot more in time and money, and their scarce resources were just about depleted.
Today, you certainly need to know people in order to get ahead. And hopefully through these people, you will learn what to do. Because that is still important. You still need to know stuff. So, it’s not just a case of who you know, but what you know as well. With just a little bit of basic knowledge you would learn how to avoid the entry level IT consultants. On first appearance, they seem to know so much but in actual fact, know very little.
This is not denigrating the hard work that is being done. It is simply a call to arms to try and work a lot more smartly and efficiently next time. Check out your next IT technician’s credentials and record before you agree to a contract of service.
Something crashed on the server late last night, and I had to call the hosting center to get them to reboot it.
I may have to actually get a Facebook account soon, for my Pottery business. In which case I'll join the group there too.
Lisa yes there is a Culinary group that requires an invite. There is also an open Cuisine at Home one if you are a fan. I tried to find you on FB but was not successful.
I was wondering too (both about the board being down and the FB group). Glad we are back up and running.
I'd love to join, but yes I have my account locked down (I work in technology so the first place recruiters go is to FB). I'll send a PM and see if I can figure out a way for us to connect. Thank you!
Combine yeast and milk in the bowl of a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and mix on low speed. Slowly add sugar, orange zest, cardamom, vanilla extract, vanilla seeds, eggs, and orange juice. Mix well. Change to the dough hook and add the salt with the flour, 1 cup at a time, increasing speed to medium as the flour is incorporated. Knead the dough for about 5 minutes, or until smooth. You may need to add a little more flour if it is sticky. Transfer dough to a lightly floured baking sheet and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Without a standing mixer: Combine yeast and milk in a bowl with a hand mixer on low speed or a whisk. Add sugar, orange zest, cardamom, vanilla extract, vanilla seeds, eggs, and orange juice and mix well. Sift flour and salt on your working surface and make a fountain. Make sure that the “walls” of your fountain are thick and even. Pour the liquid in the middle of the fountain. With your fingertips, mix the liquid and the flour starting from the middle of the fountain, slowly working towards the edges. When the ingredients have been incorporated start kneading the dough with the heel of your hands until it becomes smooth and easy to work with, around 5 to 7 minutes. You might need to add more flour if the dough is sticky.
Combine butter and flour in the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and beat on medium speed for 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and the paddle and then beat for 1 minute more, or until smooth and lump free. Set aside at room temperature.
After the detrempe has chilled 30 minutes, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface. Roll the dough into a rectangle approximately 18 x 13 inches and ¼ inch thick. The dough may be sticky, so keep dusting it lightly with flour. Spread the butter evenly over the center and right thirds of the dough. Fold the left edge of the detrempe to the right, covering half of the butter. Fold the right third of the rectangle over the center third. The first turn has now been completed. Mark the dough by poking it with your finger to keep track of your turns, or use a sticky and keep a tally. Place the dough on a baking sheet, wrap it in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Place the dough lengthwise on a floured work surface. The open ends should be to your right and left. Roll the dough into another approximately 13 x 18 inch, ¼-inch-thick rectangle. Again, fold the left third of the rectangle over the center third and the right third over the center third. No additional butter will be added as it is already in the dough. The second turn has now been completed. Refrigerate the dough for 30 minutes.
Roll out, turn, and refrigerate the dough two more times, for a total of four single turns. Make sure you are keeping track of your turns. Refrigerate the dough after the final turn for at least 5 hours or overnight. The Danish dough is now ready to be used. If you will not be using the dough within 24 hours, freeze it. To do this, roll the dough out to about 1 inch in thickness, wrap tightly in plastic wrap, and freeze. Defrost the dough slowly in the refrigerator for easiest handling. Danish dough will keep in the freezer for up to 1 month.
Toss all ingredients except butter in a large bowl. Melt the butter in a sauté pan over medium heat until slightly nutty in color, about 6 – 8 minutes. Then add the apple mixture and sauté until apples are softened and caramelized, 10 to 15 minutes. If you’ve chosen Fujis, the apples will be caramelized, but have still retained their shape. Pour the cooked apples onto a baking sheet to cool completely before forming the braid. (If making ahead, cool to room temperature, seal, and refrigerate.) They will cool faster when spread in a thin layer over the surface of the sheet. After they have cooled, the filling can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 3 days. Left over filling can be used as an ice cream topping, for muffins, cheesecake, or other pastries.
Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat or parchment paper. On a lightly floured surface, roll the Danish Dough into a 15 x 20-inch rectangle, ¼ inch thick. If the dough seems elastic and shrinks back when rolled, let it rest for a few minutes, then roll again. Place the dough on the baking sheet.
Along one long side of the pastry make parallel, 5-inch-long cuts with a knife or rolling pastry wheel, each about 1 inch apart. Repeat on the opposite side, making sure to line up the cuts with those you’ve already made.
Spoon the filling you’ve chosen to fill your braid down the center of the rectangle. Starting with the top and bottom “flaps”, fold the top flap down over the filling to cover. Next, fold the bottom “flap” up to cover filling. This helps keep the braid neat and helps to hold in the filling. Now begin folding the cut side strips of dough over the filling, alternating first left, then right, left, right, until finished. Trim any excess dough and tuck in the ends.
Spray cooking oil (Pam…) onto a piece of plastic wrap, and place over the braid. Proof at room temperature or, if possible, in a controlled 90 degree F environment for about 2 hours, or until doubled in volume and light to the touch.
Bake for 10 minutes, then rotate the pan so that the side of the braid previously in the back of the oven is now in the front. Lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F, and bake about 15-20 minutes more, or until golden brown. Cool and serve the braid either still warm from the oven or at room temperature. The cooled braid can be wrapped airtight and stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 days, or freeze for 1 month.
This pasta dish is so easy, so tasty, and kid friendly. You can feed it to your family or to guests…I promise everyone will be impressed. It definitely tastes like something from a fine Italian restaurant.
In a medium skillet over medium high heat, heat olive oil, then add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes; then add the whole tomatoes. While tomatoes cook, use a potato masher to continually break down the tomatoes. Add salt, pepper, and sugar to taste (amounts will all depend on the quality of your canned tomatoes and how sweet you like your sauce). Add crushed red pepper if using. Continue to use the potato masher to break down the tomatoes, and simmer for as long as possible. Mine simmered for about 45 minutes, taste and adjust seasoning. The end result is a thick delicious sauce. Add cream then stir in basil (reserve some for garnish) and serve over pasta.
This picture doesn’t do this cake justice. I found this recipe at Picky Palate’s site, and to say everyone enjoyed this cake would be an understatement! It was delicious, and would be perfect for a dessert or brunch. It’s super easy to make, and it’s just delicious. If you like coffee cake, you’ll love this, so give it a try.
In an electric or stand mixer mix the flour, salt, sugar, baking powder, milk, eggs and vanilla. Once combined well, slowly stir in melted butter. Pour batter into a greased 9 x 13 inch baking pan.
In a large bowl, mix the 2 sticks of softened butter, brown sugar, flour, cinnamon and nuts until well combined. Drop evenly over cake batter by the tablespoonfuls and use a knife to marble/swirl through the cake.
Place powdered sugar, milk and vanilla in a large bowl. Whisk until smooth. Drizzle over warm cake. Serve warm or at room temperature.
I found a recipe over at A Year of CrockPotting, and since I needed a crock pot meal for tonight I thought I’d give it a try. I added more of the minced onion, soy sauce, and ginger than the original recipe called for, because when I tasted the sauce with the original amounts, I felt the sauce needed more of a punch…and boy am I glad I did, because it was delicious! Both kiddos actually ate all of their dinner and our oldest had seconds! I’d serve this dish to company…that’s saying something…especially coming from the crock pot! It’s a keeper!
Combine the preserves through the crushed red pepper in a bowl, and mix to incorporate. Pour sauce over chicken.
Tired of the same old turkey sandwich? Here’s one way to liven it up! This recipe makes enough to top 2 sandwiches. You can use this bruschetta for just about anything…it’s delicious! Instead of turkey you can use grilled chicken, or leave off the turkey and you’ll have a wonderful bruschetta caprese sandwich.
It’s Thursday, which means it is time for another crock pot recipe. I came across this recipe that only had the chicken, beans, salsa, corn, and cream cheese. I added the spices, which I think added quite a bit of flavor. It was pretty good. Our oldest really liked it (minus the corn), but our youngest wouldn’t touch it (I don’t think she was too hungry because after eating watermelon, she didn’t ask for anything else.)
I love strawberry shortcake. We created these sweet biscuits, and they are delicious with fresh strawberries and whipped cream. Not surprisingly our children inhaled this dessert!
Sprinkle strawberries with sugar and allow to sit at least 1 hour at room temperature and up to 6 hours refrigerated.
Preheat oven to 450°F. Mix flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. Cut shortening in with pastry blender or two knives. Mix half-and-half and water and stir quickly into flour mixture. The dough will not be combined at this point. You don’t want to over mix, because over mixing causes a tougher less flaky biscuit.
Dump out on floured board and pat about 1 inch thick. Cut with 3-inch cutter and put on ungreased cookie sheet about 2 inches apart. If desired, top with sugar sprinkles. Bake until biscuits are browned, about 7 to 9 minutes.
Split warm biscuits open. Spoon about 1/2 c. berries on top of each biscuit bottom and mound about 1/4 c. whipped cream over the berries. Set biscuit tops on top of each mound.
Buffalo wings are delicious, so why not make a salad around those familiar flavors? We created this Latin-inspired take on the traditional combination of buffalo wings and blue cheese dressing. The parsley and blue cheese of the traditional dressing are replaced with cilantro and cotija cheese, a crumbly cheese often used to top Mexican dishes, and it’s absolutely delicious. Everyone we’ve ever served this to has raved about it.
Melt butter in a small pot, whisk in hot sauce to combine. Grill chicken over medium-high heat until the internal temperature reaches 170°F. Brush the butter and hot sauce mixture over the chicken during cooking.
Combine all of the ingredients in a blender. If necessary, water can be added to thin the dressing. Taste and adjust seasoning accordingly.
Mix together all of the ingredients, except for the cotija cheese, in a large bow. Toss with the dressing, plate and top with cotija cheese.
This coconut rice recipe comes from Secrets of Columbian Cooking. It was delicious! I had no idea Columbian cuisine used coconut milk. We made an Asian flank steak to accompany the rice, and the combo was delicious. Any grilled meat or Asian inspired marinade or sauce would be great with this rice. Just delicious!
After about 7 minutes, or as soon as you see the rice on the surface and most of the liquid has evaporated, cover the pot; reduce to minimum heat and cook covered for 20 minutes.
My mom makes really good potato salad. She doesn’t have a recipe…it’s all in her head and she uses the taste as she goes method. I’ve tried to approximate her recipe. My version is really good…not quite Nana’s but maybe with practice and some tips from Nana I’ll get it some day!
This is a small batch version, and I served it with grilled burgers. When my mom makes potato salad, she makes enough for an army. This recipe serves 4 to 6.
We’ve tried a few baked oatmeal recipes, but this one is the keeper. It’s like dessert, but it’s breakfast. How can you go wrong with that? It tastes a lot like apple crisp, but there’s all this oatmeal in it, so it’s good for you, right?
Steve loves crunch, so he asked me to double the topping next time. The streusel topping below is the double recipe (but a single for the butter).
1 c. brown sugar (if you like your oatmeal less sweet, then add 3/4 c. of brown sugar, or whatever you desire; we like sweet)
In a large bowl, whisk together butter, milk, applesauce, eggs, brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, and vanilla. Chop the apples in the pie filling and stir in the apple pie filling; then add in the old fashioned oats and steel cut oats and combine. Transfer to prepared baking dish and spread oatmeal mixture evenly. Cover tightly with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight.
In a medium bowl, use a fork to stir together the flour, oats, brown sugar, salt, and baking powder. Cut in the butter with the same fork until there are large pea-sized crumbs. If you prepare this the streusel topping the night before, cover the bowl and refrigerate overnight, just don’t add it to the oatmeal mixture until you are ready to bake it in the morning.
Take the plastic wrap off the baking dish and top it with the prepared streusel. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until oatmeal is thoroughly hot and the streusel is golden brown. If you’d like a crisper streusel, set the oven to broil and let it crisp up to your liking.
This is the easiest apple cake ever! It’s “healthy” too since the recipe uses a boxed angel food cake mix, and there’s no added fat. It’s delicious, and everyone loved this treat.
In a large bowl combine the angel food cake mix and the apple pie filling (if you want smaller pieces of apple, cut the apple pieces before mixing with the cake mix), and stir to combine.
Poor batter into the prepared pan and cook for 30-35 minutes or until done (knife will come out clean).
These muffins are beyond delicious. They are moist and flavorful and you would never know that they are healthyish!
Preheat the oven to 350*F. Line a muffin pan with paper liners, spray with cooking spray, and set aside.
Peel the bananas and mash with a fork. Place the mashed bananas in a large bowl. Add the brown sugar, coconut oil, egg, Greek yogurt, and vanilla extract. Stir until well combined. Slowly stir in the dry ingredients. Mix until just combined.
Fill muffin liners three-quarters full. Bake until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Transfer to wire rack to cool.
For the frosting: whisk melted butter and powdered sugar. Add extracts, whisk until smooth. Add milk or heavy whipping cream (to desired consistency…start with just a small amount (1-2 tsp.) at a time and add more, if necessary), whisk until smooth. Immediately frost completely cooled muffins.
This dish is a one skillet dish…yes even the pasta! It is extremely flavorful, and we loved the bold lemony garlicky sauce. Everyone had seconds, even Ellie, who doesn’t eat much pasta. It’s so good, that it tasted restaurant quality…yes, it’s that good!
Since we love garlic, lemon, and Italian seasoning, I added way more than the original recipe. If you’re not into those bold flavors as much, reduce those amounts to your liking.
Season chicken well with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large, 12-inch nonstick skillet over medium heat until the oil is hot and rippling. Add the chicken and saute, stirring frequently, until the chicken is browned and cooked through. Remove the chicken to a plate, keeping as much oil/liquid in the skillet as possible.
Keep the skillet on medium heat and add another teaspoon of oil if needed (I usually don’t but you’ll want to keep an especially close eye on the garlic). Add the garlic and Italian seasoning and stir constantly for about 30 seconds. Add the water, broth, lemon juice and pasta. Stir to combine.
Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally just to keep the pasta from sticking, for 10-12 minutes until the pasta is tender – it will cook for a few more minutes in the next step. (Depending on the type of pasta you use, your cooking time may differ, so keep an eye on the pasta so you don’t overcook it). There will be a bit of liquid left in the skillet; that’s ok.
Add the broccoli and lemon zest. Cover and cook for 2-3 minutes until the broccoli is bright green and tender. While the broccoli is cooking, whisk together the milk and cornstarch.
Uncover the skillet and stir in the milk mixture along with the Parmesan cheese and reserved chicken. Simmer, uncovered, until the sauce has thickened slightly, 1-2 minutes.
Season with additional salt and pepper (this is really important – don’t skip this step!) and serve.
These muffins are healthy, delicious, and kid approved. Need I say more? I admit I was a bit skeptical given how little fat is in the muffins, but they turned out extremely moist and flavorful.
They freeze wonderfully. After they cool, I simply put them in a freezer bag, and then each night I pull 2 out (one for each kiddo), and put them in a sandwich bag for their school lunch the next day. Perfect!
In a large bowl, whisk together flour, brown sugar, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and all-spice. In a small bowl, whisk together buttermilk, applesauce, oil, egg, and vanilla extract. Pour the wet ingredients over the dry ingredients and mix with a wooden spoon or spatula until just combined. Do not over mix. Gently stir in the grated apple, zucchini, and chopped apples.
Fill the prepared muffin pan with muffin batter, filling each cup about 3/4 the way full. Sprinkle each muffin with cinnamon sugar topping. Bake for 20 minutes, or until muffins are golden and a toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean. Let muffins cool to room temperature and serve.
Oh man are these sliders delicious!!!! Everyone devoured them, and asked for more! I love finding new recipes that everyone enjoys. Yay!!
We’ve made these with the pineapple mango salsa (recipe below), with the pineapple salsa (recipe below minus the mango), and with just the mango salsa (recipe below minus the pineapple). Use what you have on hand or what you like best. It’s all good!
Mix the Jamaican Jerk Sauce ingredients until smooth. Place the sauce in a large Ziploc bag and then add the chicken. Marinate for at least 30 minutes or overnight.
I prefer to cook boneless chicken in a crockpot on HIGH for 2 hours, but you can always lengthen the cooking time and cook on low (the usual cooking time conversion is when you cook on low you double the high cooking time, so in this case it would be low for 4 hours). The original recipe call for cooking on low for 6-8 hours.
Spread the chicken out in a single layer on a baking sheet and add 1/4 c. of juices and broil until it starts getting crispy, about 5 minutes. Mix in another 1/4 c. of the juices, mix everything up and broil for another 5 minutes. Remove from oven and mix in another 1/4 c. of the juices.
Assemble the tacos on the tortillas with the chicken carnitas along with the cilantro salsa and whatever toppings you like and serve with the lime wedges.
Don’t be scared of quinoa if you’ve never had it. Quinoa is very healthy for you and has lots of fiber and protein, and it’s actually very tasty. There are a couple of varieties: red and white. I personally prefer the red just because it visually looks more appealing and looks more gourmet. The red quinoa is harder to find and is generally more expensive than the white, but use what you like.
This salad is very flavorful and makes for an excellent side dish. It’s also great for a picnic or potluck because it doesn’t need to be kept cold.
Rinse and drain quinoa thoroughly in cold water before cooking. Place quinoa and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, cover and cook until all water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Fluff with a fork.
Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a large skillet. Saute corn and garlic until corn has some brown spots (that’s the caramelization that makes the corn even sweeter). Transfer to a large bowl and toss in the quinoa and the rest of the ingredients. Season to your liking with additional chili powder, cayenne pepper, salt and pepper.
I really love chicken cacciatore, but it takes too long to make. I found a recipe that reminded me of chicken cacciatore, and it took a fraction of the time to cook. Everyone devoured their dinners. Win, win!
Note: the original recipe (and as pictured) called for celery, but I’ll omit the celery next time. Add mushrooms if you’d like.
In the same skillet, saute the onion, green pepper, and zucchini in the remaining oil until tender. Stir in the tomatoes, broth, tomato paste and seasonings.
Bring to a boil, reduce heat; cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Return chicken to the pan; heat through.
These burritos are soooo good and the fact that they are freezable are going to be life savers when the kiddos’ swim schedule kicks into high gear and we need nutritious and quick meals. If you wanted to add meat, just substitute meat for the Morning Star veggie crumbles.
For the rice, bring the broth/water, rice, garlic, and salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the rice is tender and most of the liquid is absorbed, about 16-18 minutes. Remove the rice from the heat, keeping it covered, and let it sit while you prepare the rest of the ingredients. When ready to use, add the cilantro and lime juice and fluff with a fork.
For the filling, combine the broth and half of the beans in a small bowl and mash with a fork until the beans are coarsely mashed with the broth (reserve the whole beans for later). In a large, 12-inch nonstick skillet, heat the vegetable oil until hot and rippling. Add the onion and cook for 3-4 minutes, stirring often. Stir in the tomato paste, garlic, cumin, oregano and chili powder and cook for 1-2 minutes. Add the Morning Star veggie crumbles and cook until done about 6-8 minutes.
Stir the mashed bean mixture into the meat mixture and cook for 3-4 minutes until the mixture is thick and most of the liquid has evaporated. Stir in the rest of the whole beans, lime juice and salt. Remove from heat. If serving immediately, follow the instructions in the next paragraph. If freezing for later, let the bean mixture and the rice cool to warm room temperature before proceeding.
Wrap the tortillas in between damp paper towels and microwave until the tortillas are soft, about 1 minute. Arrange the tortillas on the counter and divide the rice, bean filling and cheese evenly among the tortillas and place the filling in the bottom 1/4 of the tortilla facing you. You can also add salsa, guacamole, sour cream, jalapenos, etc. to your liking.
"The Indian software industry has grown from a mere US $ 150 million in 1991-92 to a staggering US $ 5.7 billion (including over $4 billion worth of software exports) in 1999-2000"
Yale School of Medicine | Yale New Haven Hospital | Yale School of Nursing | Yale University Library
his help in creating the new Dark Omen Map textEditor (as they have both been working flat out for many weeks modding).
and back in Nuln, the ageing Graf Berhardt smiled his secret smile of pride whenever he heard the latest tales of his eldest son's ever growing chain of glorious victories -(sothr manual)
great! I have several exp design 2&3D and I build wargames scenaries, hope realease some buildings soon. As soon as i have time to learn to use the tools
im eperiencing problems with .py and blender (refuses to install it lol) i think i shall wait to your "how to guides"
© 2014 Shafaqna.com All Rights Reserved. Ecuador News strongly believes in 'circulation of information' for public interest and we would therefore carefully use your material in a non-commercial way. Ecuador News is just a News Reader using automatic input devices. Thus, the main publishers and sources are clearly responsible for their content.
Humid area: eleven hydromassage cabins, four affusion shower cabins, two jets showers cabins, two underwater shower cabins, one hammam & one sauna for women, one hammam & one sauna for men, one phlebotone, one seawater indoor swimming pool, one seawater open air swimming pool, and one cavitosonic room.
Abou Nawas Hammamet is built on a three hectares green park in the beautiful bay of Hammamet, along a deep white beach. It is approximately 6 Km away from the city of Hammamet and 70 Km away from Tunis International Airport (o...
Abou Nawas Hammamet is built on a three hectares green park in the beautiful bay of Hammamet, along a deep white beach. It is approximately 6 Km away from the city of Hammamet and 70 Km away from Tunis International Airport (one hour drive). Abou Nawas consists of:
The Athénée Thalasso, a superb 3000m² thalassotherapy centre spread over two levels is open to guests of the Radisson SAS.
At Athénée Thalasso, guests enter a world of light and refinement with our highly trained staff and larg...
At Athénée Thalasso, guests enter a world of light and refinement with our highly trained staff and large sea-view windows. Choose from 60 cabins, a hammam with two gumming rooms, and a seawater basin for relaxing. There are two swimming pools available, one indoor and one outdoor and a 30m Jacuzzi with jets. Indulge in our many treatments and cures while you soak in the amazing views of the Mediterranean.
Vincci Djerba has a fitness centre, sauna, hammam, and masseurs on hand to ensure you have a thoroughly relaxing experience. Vincci Djerba Resort guaranties happy parents, by making children happy. Becasuse it takes care of chi...
Vincci Djerba has a fitness centre, sauna, hammam, and masseurs on hand to ensure you have a thoroughly relaxing experience. Vincci Djerba Resort guaranties happy parents, by making children happy. Becasuse it takes care of children with an exclusive miniclub, that includes day-care from 10 to 18 hs, with the best crew, own food services, workshops, video and play rooms; sports and swimming pool to ensure a complete and fun experience. You can also enjoy a wide variety of sports.
Let the best health professionals pamper you at our balneotherapy center, where you can enjoy the most relaxing and advanced health and beauty treatments. Let the surroundings, the landscape, the sea and the people captivate yo...
Let the best health professionals pamper you at our balneotherapy center, where you can enjoy the most relaxing and advanced health and beauty treatments. Let the surroundings, the landscape, the sea and the people captivate you. There is an indoor pool, fitness centre, jacuzzi, sauna, hammam and two massage rooms.
In the Hotel Odyssee there is a heated seawater swimming pool (34 degrees) with a bio marine course & jets, hydro-vibration, a hammam, a cardio-training room, 12 massage cabins, a sauna, a tisane space, and a relaxation area. A...
In the Hotel Odyssee there is a heated seawater swimming pool (34 degrees) with a bio marine course & jets, hydro-vibration, a hammam, a cardio-training room, 12 massage cabins, a sauna, a tisane space, and a relaxation area. All eastern natural products are used, such as green clay and soap, henna and natural oils. There is also have a beauty centre.
Villa Didon is at the heart of a hill with suspended gardens. The spa team at VIlla Didon offer a traditional Spa Hammam, soothing massages with essential oils as well as the following:
3.Punch in the work cycle,according to the technological requirements can be variable speed,quiet stamping,micro-vibration,For stamping operations on the floors.
4.The opening height is large,the stroke is adjustable,particularly suitable for deep-barrel products punching, molding.
6.Punch down,with two speeds,fast-forward and slow forward,fast forward speed is fast and can improve work efficiency;Slow forward speed can be adjusted,to improve the quality of press-fit,protection of mold and products.
9.The seal is NOK from Japan and Taiwan tripod base,hydraulic fittings using brand-name products of taiwan.
Having made hundreds of our clients happy with the domain names of their choices we are very confident we can do the best job for you too.
A typical domain name acquisition case is about four to ten hours work, digging for the right info, pressing the right buttons and calling the right numbers. Then guiding the parties to move on and making the purchase pleasant and straight forward.
Usually our consultants work on a fixed rate. Other brokers take percentage. But then they are interested in selling high to earn higher commissions. Would you really like your broker to work against you? To make the process transparent all we ask is only $99.00 for the case delivered. This is unbeatable deal taking all the known-how and negotiation skills you shall benefit from.
If the acquisition does not go through or you decide to change your mind within six months, we shall understand and refund you half of the fee. This again incentives us to do the maximum of the job for you.
No hidden fees, no catches. Just standing by you and guiding you through the process. Topnotch privacy included. Please apply below.
Coalition of 80 national private and public colleges (4 in Illinois) proposing innovative approach to processing applications
Membership or Renewal: www.illinoiscan.org. Current members, categories, fees, and applications are at the website under “Membership.”
You can also call/text 872-222-8008 or e-mail blog@do-gooder.us for an update. Updates for the event are at this link and the website at www.illinoiscan.org
After all these years posing as Rupert Murdoch’s young, hot trophy wife–even going so far as to bear Murdoch two daughters so the “marriage” seemed legitimate–Wendi Deng Murdoch totally blew her cover this morning and exposed her real role in Rupert’s life, as his own private stone face killa (that’s her in the pink jacket, keeping a foam-pie wielding attacker away from Rupert, who’s the bald head seated at the table in front of her):
If our government knows what’s good for them, they’re recruiting Wendi and Rupert’s two young daughters, ages 9 and 6, for some off-the-books black ops shit right now. Don’t be fooled by those pretty smiles–those baby teeth will cutchu good.
For those of you eagerly awaiting a very public failure from one of Tiger Mom Amy Chua’s prodigy offspring–like a crack cocaine bender or half-naked photos leaked onto the Internet–so that you can feel better about your own parenting-style/feel better about the lax way in which you were parented/feel better about the strict way in which you were parented that weirdly didn’t yield the same sort of results/feel better about the fact that “the Chinese way” isn’t better therefore you don’t have to confront your diminishing place in the global power structure/oh hell, just feel better about yourself in general…
Because this year, Chua’s Number One Daughter, Sophia (pictured), has been accepted to Harvard–Chua’s alma mater and where she and her invisible husband, Jed Rubenfeld, received their law degrees–despite the fact that the university took only 6.2 percent of its undergraduate applicants for the Class of 2015, which was the lowest admissions rate of all the Ivies. And according to Above the Law, Sophia has already decided to matriculate there as well.
We can agree that Lang Lang‘s last White House performance, which featured him playing “My Motherland” from the Korean film Battle On Shangganling Mountain, was beautiful. But was it political too? [WSJ]
Whatever, Average Asian Aging Process – we are no average Asians! DISGRASIAN ladies do not abide by your aging rules. [Buzzfeed]
MTV Asia’s “Shibuhara Girls” aims to prove that vapidity is an international language we all can understand. [WSJ]
A “Tiger Mom” in the US, but an “American Mom” in China – the Chinese-language version of Amy Chua‘s “Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother” is entitled “Being A Mom In America”. The cover features “a photo of a smiling Ms. Chua standing against a red, white and blue map of the United States.” [WSJ]
The art of noodle-making – Hung Ry in New York City’s NoLita neighborhood is fortunate to have Master Huacan Chen making hand-pulled noodles. [NYT]
Dear Mr. Riccardo Tisci, creative director, House of Givenchy: We here at DISGRASIAN headquarters LOVED your house’s spring/summer 2011 Haute Couture presentation. From the Japanese-inspired fashion to the gorgeous Asian models you cast, we cannot get enough. Can we have three of those oversize samurai helmets? We can pay you in love, kisses, and eternal gratitude. Love, Jen, Diana, and Intern Jasmine. [Huffington Post - thanks, Tamlyn!]
Dear Styleite: We know someone had to ask if the increased use and visibility of Asian models in the industry is just a trend. But quit harshing on our fashion-induced buzz! At least until our Givenchy samurai helmets arrive. Love, Jen, Diana, and Intern Jasmine. [Styleite]
Our mothers and fathers, whom we, despite our achievements and senses of familial duty, are usually disappointing.
Official Committee on Formula based retail prices of Auto Fuel has decided to increase the retail prices of fuel with effect from midnight today (10), under the fuel pricing formula.
A father and his two children have committed suicide by jumping in front of a moving train Bowatta, Welikanda in Polonnaruwa.
Reportedly, they had jumped in front of an express train travelling from Batticaloa to Colombo, at around 7.30 today (10).
A rampant Sri Lanka outplayed Singapore 69-50 on Sunday (Sept 9) in the final of the M1 Asian Netball Championship at the OCBC Arena to win their first Asian title since 2009.
Since then many new television networks have come in to existence within Sri Lanka. There are also a number of Satellite networks and pay per view television networks in Sri Lanka. The national telecommunications provider Sri Lanka Telecom also launched an IPTV service in 2004.
ftc1 and ftc2are new fixed-rate texture compression systems for RGB and RGBA images, which use variable precision differential encoding for the color codewords, resulting in reduced compression artifacts, in particular for smooth color variations. Experiments using hundreds of textures show that they achieve higher quality than the commonly used S3TC at the same compression ratio or (for RGBA images) similar quality to S3TC at twice the compression ratio. In hardware implementations a large part of decompression hardware can be shared with existing common systems, minimizing the amount of additional hardware needed.
1. “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.”— Albert Einstein, Physicist
2. “Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.”— Francois-Marie Arouet de Voltaire, Philosopher
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korean President Moon Jae-in says a planned summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong Un will be a “historical milestone” that will put the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula “really on track.”
BILBAO, Spain (AP) — Spanish police say an officer has died after clashes between police and soccer fans before a Europa League match on Thursday
YOKOHAMA, Japan (AP) — Starting next month, Nissan Motor Co. is testing on regular roads what it calls “a robo-vehicle mobility service.” Called Easy Ride, it uses a cell-phone app to book semi-autonomous driven rides.
ASHINGTON (AP) — Dramatically escalating the pressure and stakes, special counsel Robert Mueller filed additional criminal charges Thursday against President Donald Trump’s former campaign chairman and his business associate.
GANGNEUNG, South Korea (AP) — Forget Lindsey Vonn and Adam Rippon. The real rock stars of the Pyeongchang Olympics are a humble group of Korean curlers who have no idea they’ve become a global sensation.
Taipei, March 8 (CNA) A group of pro-China unification activists protested outside Japan’s representative office in Taipei Thursday over Japanese patrol vessels chasing away a Taiwanese fishing boat from waters near the disputed Diaoyutai Islands over the weekend.
Taipei, (CNA) Riders of public bicycles in Taipei, New Taipei, Taoyuan and Kaohsiung will all enjoy free insurance coverage, starting sometime in the second quarter of the year.
Taipei, (CNA) The number of unaccounted for migrant workers declined to 18,209 in 2017, or 2.78 percent of the total, a record low since 2003, according to Ministry of Labor (MOL) statistics released Thursday.
Wu Chen-yao (吳禎耀) can still recall his teenage days when he played in Lyu-Chuan (綠川), a 6.1-kilometer canal that runs through the Central District of Taichung.
Taipei, (CNA) The 2018 Yangmingshan Flower Festival kicked off on Thursday with a traditional dragon and lion dance guided by the rhythmic beating of drums serenaded by blooming cherry blossoms in what is considered one of the biggest festivals in Taiwan.
4. “I think that it is very important if you know what you want, understand where you are heading towards, and try your best to get it. It is only when we use our hearts to do it, and fall in love with what we are doing, then can we really get real determination.”— Emma Watson, Actress
5. “Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.”– Farrah Gray, Motivational Speaker
7. “Just do what works for you, because there will always be someone who thinks differently.”– Michelle Obama, Former First Lady of the U.S.
8. “What generally passes for ‘thought’ among the majority of mankind is the time one takes out to rearrange one’s prejudices.”– Clare Boothe Luce, Writer
9. “If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.” – Oprah Winfrey, Talk Show Host
10. “Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.” – Jamie Paolinetti, Director
Exquisite jewelled bird of paradise ring inset with a multitude of sapphire blue crystal stones. Make a statement with this large costume jewellery bird of paradise ring that depicts an exotic, plumed bird sitting on a branch with brown diamante stones set in an antique silver background.
Just one of a wide range of on trend jewellery pieces brought to you by Decoflora Designs, the ultimate accessories shop.
The price of a new forklift is twice the cost of a used model. Used forklifts are refurbished by the dealership then resold at retail value. While the dealership may drive a hard bargain upfront their prices are always negotiable....
Basically The LPE would be a general-purpose machine with the ability to mine ice regolith and rock; it would also support construction activities. The purpose and application is meant for future manned and unmanned missions to the Moon Mars and...
Excavators are of great importance in construction sites. Excavators are made up of many parts that work together to get the job done. Main Parts of an Excavator As mentioned an excavator has many parts that work together to get...
An excavator can either be mounted on wheels or on tracks. These are used to facilitate for its mobility and are used in different environments. Track hoes are the type of excavators that are mounted on tracks. Excavators are not...
A 4-in-1 mini excavator would also be a good kind to consider because the bucket is like a clamp shell that has the ability to grab or hold materials well. This kind of excavator is suitable for heavy work. Another...
Whether a construction project is big or small an excavator is an important tool that companies should have. An excavator is a tracked vehicle with a bucket in front and an approximate operating weight of 0.7 - 7.5 tons. The...
Thus with the availability of machines that can dig through different types of surfaces work will have a short duration. For the contractor this can mean more business can be tackled over a period of one month. There is only...
For you to turn the excavator you have to stop one track and put the other in motion. To spin the excavator you have to put one track into reverse and the other into forward. Taking Care of Excavator Parts...
Copyright © 2018 server-support-company.com. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Contact details of Richmond Serviced Offices which are located in Richmond and within easy reach of Abbotsford, Kew, Hawthorn and Toorak and of course Melbourne CBD. The Richmond and Abbotsford areas are fast becoming a hive of new growth in urban living and small corporate enterprises placing Richmond Serviced Offices right in the heart of this exciting part of Melbourne inner eastern suburbs.
Thank you for contacting Richmnd Corporate Servived Offices, someone will getback in contact with you as soon as possible. :-)
﻿ Door To Door Loans – Perfect Way to Get Finance Any Time by Jack Russale | The connotation of the joke
You will want to be sure that the HTML business template that you simply choose will attract website visitors to your organization. There are a great number of different kinds of businesses which you may be running, along with there are various templates which can be created for each business. You should make a choice with the HTML business templates that have been setup specifically for the level of business which you are running.
Track financial news daily to help keep tabs on the currencies you’re trading. Speculation will invariably rum rampant with regards to trading, nevertheless the best method to help keep updated with what’s going on is to keep your ears and eyes in news reports. Set up text or email alerts to notify you, on your markets so that you can capitalize quickly on big news.
My problem being, that the foods suited to the hypoglycaemia, usually are not good for the diverticulitis. Neither disease being debilitating or uncommon, and the two creating a minuscule influence on my otherwise healthy life, it’s got now be a method to obtain amusement. I love medical snacks that I consume between meals, small bars of seeds, nuts and cereals, kept together by the syrup type substance, and encased in chocolate or yoghurt, however they usually do not love me. One of the ingredients is able to obtain a foot hold in the sac and back comes the cramp and pain, not debilitating, but enough that i can know that I am again under attack. So now it is a waiting game, will be the snack I eat today likely to deliver pain tomorrow? What assists the pain and cramp? Short periods of fasting to clear the sac, not best for the hypoglycaemia!
Insurance and finance are closely interwoven fields of business, most famously because they both involve money. They also often both involve speculation and risk, and quite often where one goes, the other will observe. Take property investment as an example, it calls for a lot of capital out lay, swiftly as well as insurance to guard the administrative centre investment. It would be ridiculous to pay this kind of vast amount of money over a venture and not protect it against possible damage. It therefore is practical to hold information about these two subjects together, as the relationship is really logical.
When a company decides to send its employees to Nigeria, it is important for that you understand that it requires lots of documentation, along with the entire process can be pretty expensive. You cannot send your employees to Nigeria unless you have gained work permit on their behalf. In fact, the question of establishing business in Nigeria will not even arise in absence of visa and also other documents. It is only when you’ve got acquired business permit that one could manage a business without any hassle. However, there are many items that are very important to that you know if you want to run business in Nigeria.
A choice Investment Approach For Offshore Investments – Offshore investing will take great shape. Alternative investment vehicles can lead you to an integral part of offshore investments, for example offshore real estate property, or offshore farm land and agricultural production, or even offshore silver and gold storage.
This has resulted in the development of many business and purchasers financing products by larger institutions and specialist business finance organizations to fill the gap in corporate finance. These days, a lot of banks can offer business banking services for example factoring, invoice discounting, and stock finance make it possible for their potential customers to get back a lot of the assets that they as a rule have usage of for working capital.
High LTV (Loan To Value) Auto Dealer Financing is essential for dealers looking to gain working capital to look at good thing about any of the following expansion opportunities: Acquire other dealerships to increase business, maximize brand awareness and increase profitability in addition to satisfying other future capital needs while they occur with time. Create Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) for tax benefit advantages and increased personal liquidity while maintaining operating control. Reduce financial risk by refinancing short-term debt with variable interest rates to long-term debt with fixed rates. Eliminate needing or adding partners in order to gain control by buying out existing partners. Increase customer care by improving facilities and providing new services and technologies or even for ordering the main dealership property.
My Grandma Ruchel was very religious. When I was a child, I would watch her pray facing the cabinet where she kept the Tam Tams – those addictive, “bet you can’t eat one” crackers from Manischewitz – swaying back and forth as her arthritic fingers turned the pages of her prayer book. I had no idea she was facing east. I thought Tam Tam crackers were holy!
South Beach Fashion Style is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The Civilization of PyramidsA long time ago, the civilization of pyramids was global, as pyramids are found all around the world.
The MatriarchsIt was the reign of Hathor, the Great Goddess Pachamama who imposed matriarchy to the whole wide world
Myths, legends, ancient paintings and reliefs clearly suggest genetic manipulations that were practiced in ancient times, when our species was still in the cradle.
Among these descriptions, the Assyrian encyclopedia is a rich source of information on the genesis of the world and on the creation of man according to Sumer. To serve them, the Annuna gods have created an inferior species. Us.
The Annuna of Ki were in dire need of manpower to terraformThis word comes from science-fiction and means “to transform a wild planet to make it similar to the Earth” this planet, one of their latest conquest, which they could use legally at will thanks to an agreement with a sort of intergalactic guild. (Source)Zecharia Sitchin, The Twelfth Planet ; Anton Parks, The Black Stars Secret
They had a workforce which also served as their escort and army. But these servants were already overworked. Ancient sources call them angels sometimes, sometimes the giants. Angels are gigantic creatures, a force far greater than ours, even the gods. But their intelligence is that of an ox. Born to obey the gods, they have no emotions.
Result, angels have been unable to cultivate the land and raise livestock. And the gods were hungry, their reserves were exhausted. They sought a workforce on earth. First the Anounna wanted to domesticate Homo erectus or other humanoid. But they were too smart to make a beast of burden and too wild to be gentle. Imagination and tradition remember them as the People of the Trolls.
In short, the Trolls were not really made for the task. The gods would have had to change their body and to boost their brain for them to understand the language and orders.
Given the urgency of the mission and scope of work, they did not want to wait for a slow domestication. Doesn’t matter! There was a lot of brilliant geneticists among Gods.
Their boss, a god called Marduk, took a decision: “I will create a primitive man inferior to us, he will be called Adam, Man. I will create a primitive worker, his task will be to serve the gods so that they are more at ease.” And Marduk entrusted this task to his best geneticist, Ea or Enki. A messenger went to find the god Enki asleep. He advised him that Marduk had decided to form an Adam and Enki had to get to work. Yes, but Enki had already started the work in secret, as his hobby for genetics excited him a lot. “This creature whose name you have pronounced – it already exists!” answered Enki, “Put on it the image of the gods.”
The Annunaki did not create man from nothing. They took DNA from earth and manipulated it to “affix the image of gods”. What is this mysterious ingredient that turns any animal into god? Probably the divine genome mingled with that of an anthropoid.
The Greek mythology explains it that way: while the Titan Prometheus shaped a man similar to him in the clay, the goddess Athena, daughter of Zeus, felt sorry for this ephemeral creature and gave him the sacred fire, a divine soul , which made of him a spiritual being, although he was shaped in the most terrestrial material, clay. But let us get back to Sumer.
After six inadequate attempts, in which we can recognize Homo faber or Neanderthal, Enki managed to create the perfect man named Adapa, Adam, or Homo sapiens. Thanks to this final product, the Annunaki are genetically compatible with the daughters of man. They can marry and have children with them. But such a compatibility would have not existed if the man had not been developed from the same “seed of life” as the Gods. In the Sumerian tradition, Homo sapiens has been created by “mixing the blood of a god with terrestrial clay.” The primitive worker is a Lulu, “the one who has been mixed.” The word Adam means “the one from Earth”.
Adam also means “made of dark red earth” and “made of blood”. For Anton Parks, À-DAM means “animals” in Sumerian. According to the tablets of Kharsag, our creators, the Annuna are different from the rest of the world. The “others” are animal-like humans.
“In Kharsag, where heaven and earth meet, the Celestial Assembly , the Great sons of An many wise beings descended on Earth. The humans had not yet learned how to eat and how to sleep, they had not learned to make clothes or permanent homes. Humanity was crawling in their dens. They were eating grass with their mouths like sheep. They were drinking rainwater from streams. … “ (source)Tablet of Kharsag #2, translation by Don Moore
The Bible tells the story without understanding much. Some angels have slept with human females. So other angels were furious, and the heads of angels, or Elohim decided that the angels who had slept with our wives would be fallen.
Really? As if the gods had created our women for anything other than to play with! The Hebrew prudishness made the difference, while the Greeks, for their part, have understood the essence of the problem, resulting in a perverse and fornicating Zeus.
As for the Koran, it could not be more explicit on the issue. We will cite only this single verse: “wastanaâtouka linafsi” which literally means: “And I’ve made you for me” (Qur’an, Taha 41) Literally, What can it mean this sentence except that God has made the man for His service and His good pleasure? Naturally the current interpretation of Islam is not in this direction, but we can wonder why. The law of amnesia, again, has done its work.
The angels gave birth to giants and monsters. They gave birth and the whole earth was corrupted. (Bible)
I was referring to the "UN rich in national origins" internal state of the USA, not its role in the world.
I need not write. I think you extrapolated from what I actually wrote to conclude what you conclude in your "reply" comments to mine.
(Note: I am writing in English to illustrate/make a point about the practical problems multilinguistic societies, forums, and countries, in relation to the discussion at hand).
The Highway Dry Port of Uruguaiana (RS), managed by Elog, announced yesterday, on August 6, the obtaining of a license from the Ministry of Agriculture, Livestock and Supply to store new food products. Now, in addition to whey, milk powder and butter oil, the unit is also able to operate with fish, cheese, and butter.
To receive the license from the Ministry, the port was required to make adjustments that include the implementation of a specific area for storage of goods, locations suitable for checking the items, equipped with a kitchen and a laboratory, and staff training. According to the manager of the Dry Port of Uruguaiana, Flávio Evaristo, business opportunities in the food industry are expected to be expanded. “With a license obtained last year, we are now handling new products, especially whey, which has required 50 operations to one customer alone”.
In operation since 2003, Uruguaiana is Latin America’s largest dry port, with 167,000m2 of total area, 12,000m2 of warehouses, and capacity for 800 trucks. The unity has approximately 200 employees, who are responsible for the provision of weighing, storage, lay day, handling, labeling and sealing services. The main goods stored in the port are food products, beverages, and cosmetics.
It will be our last Soirée de Poche of the year, an old school one, with an artist that we’ve been following and loving for so long now, and that […]
Bon Iver was there, along with Damien Rice, Aaron and Bryce Dessner, My Brightest Diamond, Mouse on Mars, Kings of Convenience, The Staves, two Alt-J members, and so many others. More than a hundred musicians gathered in Berlin for the most amazing, crazy, free spirit festival you can imagine. We were there too, and we brought back some great videos.
Additionally, in early 2018, Lightning implementations became viable, and micropayments with Bitcoin emerged. There is another battle looming, however. The civil wars of 201517 ended with the Bitcoin Cash fork, and migrations to other p2p payment
The Nevada Department of Corrections will improve public safety by ensuring a safe and humane environment that incorporates proven rehabilitation initiatives that prepare individuals for successful reintegration into our communities.
Hi5 Empire present to you, a new artiste by name music kid with his new single #Falling.. You are going to love this guy *Music kid* with his style of single. Just download this new tune #Falling and you never regret it!!
I have got the Spyro Reignited Trilogy. You will get some awesome soundtracks from this game. If you are interested in gameplay, check out my gaming channel: ...
If you love the musical and want to support it I strongly encourage you to buy the songs, but until then enjoy this! This video got put back up and now there are ...
Music by Hans Zimmer, Lisa Gerrard, and Klaus Badelt. I've also made a separate video with only "Now We Are Free." Enjoy. If you like this video, subscribe.
ツ Don't forget to SUBSCRIBE, Like, Comment & Share the video if You enjoy it! ─────────────────── ☞ It is very nice to bring you a ...
A suite with the best themes from "The Last Samurai" soundtrack. The score was composed by Hans Zimmer and produced by Edward Zwick and Danny ...
Download links & track list (with time codes) below. Here's my own rip of the Unreal soundtrack. I was frustrated with existing rips, which had bad quality, ...
My new tropical house track: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXiYITn_gfg Sorry if i didn't put your favorite soundtrack, tell me your favorite ones to make part 2 ...
Nach einer wahren Begebenheit in Somalia The song is called "Gortoz a ran - J'attends" (means "I await") The lyrics are in breton, a celtic language from Brittany ...
This is a Soundtrack Compilation which I have pick out my best favourite soundtrack so we can listen to it all together. Please subscribe for more videos and also ...
This is the vinyl rip for the Blow-Up soundtrack Hand picked by cinema mastermind Antonioni himself - Herbie Hancock constructed this beautiful, funky, jazzy, ...
Now that spring’s coming, you might have received a lot of invitations , from Sunday brunches to weddings. And at some extents, what to wear is likely a hard question for all. If you need some sartorial influence, the latest designer collection on edressme is surely a perfect source of selection.
Known of long evening dresses and sleek jumpsuits, the Nicole Bakti collection is full of perfect pieces for chic dinners or the most extravagant of occasions. Abundant detailing sets this designer selection apart; find styles with ladylike elegant prints, over the top ruffles, and ethereal illusion lace, in shades ranging from siren reds to soft pastels. Interested? Scroll down to view our top Nicole Bakti picks for 5 luxe occasions.
A black tie dress code require a long and luxe style. From urban celebration to outdoor fete, these gorgeous pieces are wonderful complement for different wedding settings. Choose from show-stopping styles yet won’t upstage the bride, from sleek off the shoulder gowns to a ruffled pink stunner.
Where to? If an invite lands you with your toes in the sand, choose a more versatile style . Free from formal traditional wedding guest dresses, and go for flowing skirts with high-low hems or thigh-light slits. Look for details that are a touch more playful à la sheer skirts, plunging necklines, and punchy colors. Hey, it’s still the beach!
Match your favorite dresses in polished pieces which are perfect for leisure time. Go for a style that’s casual and flirty, like a ruffled fit and flare, or stun in a one shoulder jumpsuit for a streamlined finish. Care to meet in the middle? The midi length cocktail dress gets modern updates with a cage back and leather-like finish. Let’s get started, girls!
Let’s appreciate this beautiful scenery, you’re strolling through Paris with your love hand in hand sweetly, and you are in the most charming dress you could imagine, the Eiffel tower looms overhead, lit up against a midnight sky. On this perfect night, your love stops for a moment to kiss you gently, which has become the most romantic moment of your life. So what about the beautiful winter dress?
While a prom night in Paris is something could only fantasize about mostly, a Paris-themed prom is rather exciting and luxurious. However, style plays an important role in the setting, which in this case, would be something extremely chic. Are you hunting for a prom style that’s classic with a trendy twist? You can try a fashionable overskirt dress, where an extra layer of fabric hangs over a fitted silhouette, which makes a dreamy, unconventional finish. Whether your prom is Parisian themed or has a different motif, our overskirt evening dress leads to four popular prom themes as fashion trend recently.
A prom with this whimsical theme calls for a noticeable style, like this siren strapless gown. You can outstanding among the bright decoration with a fitted lace silhouette underneath a flowing ballgown. The most important is, the overskirt is removable detachable, so you can enjoy the whole party including the after-party with an entirely different stunning look at your convenience.
With violins, this ethereal prom dress exudes romance. All things are perfect for a Paris theme, the delicate lace, tulle overlay, and pretty belted middle which makes sophisticated vibe Parisian women are known for effortlessly. What you should do is simply to wear this cheap prom dress and wait for your encore and win the wow.
For fashion forecast you can’t miss a garden-themed prom! With an off the shoulder ballgown and a posh miniskirt underneath, you can bloom among the flowered decoration. The poppy fuchsia hue and bare-legged feel are sure to make the special Springtime vibes.
Have you ever attended to an enchanted forest theme prom, which is known for its versatility with part mysterious and part romantic? With a flowing prom dress undre 100 bearing gold embroidery, a plunge neckline, and a soft hue that pairs beautifully with a leafy backdrop, which makes the majestic vibe. Wow! A princess-like overskirt that’s made for an dreamy atmosphere perfectly. Want to try this flawless style?
Have you ever noticed that the high street has some exquisite style finds, which could offer inspiration for some bridals? In fact, more and more young people like to consider high street wedding dresses as one of their best choice when they budget their wedding.
While the high street wedding sundresses just keep very hot recently, now let us take some time to appreciate them.
From floor-length gowns to sleek lace minis including some rather gorgeous beaded boho dresses, in all, you can find every style here has their own characterize.
As for the spring/summer wedding season, high street wedding dress seems to be the best selection. With Ted Baker, Whistles, French Connection, ASOS, and Self-Portrait now offering bridal collections, the brides who are conscious for price may feel not very well. Honestly, you are wondering why someone are willing to go for over a £1,000 budget for their cheap wedding dress when you see this amazing dresses.
For the traditional brides, there’s gorgeous fishtails and caped sleeves gowns from the likes of Phase Eight and Monsoon. While for the vintage lovers and the one who will to be boho brides soon, you will be covered by Monsoon and ASOS have all your embellished and floaty lace dreams.
For something rather more contemporary, some of our favourite high street stores, French Connection and Whistles, have launched lust-worthy collections to make you outstanding among the crowed. Think off-the-shoulder lace, asymmetric necklines, on-trend midi dresses and minimalist silk slips, which are exactly what the modern fashionable bride needs for the new season.
What’s more, we’ve found summer dresses are suit for all shapes and heights, from Twenties bias-cut to full-skirted prim variations. If you don’t like your arms, there are some great long-sleeved wedding gowns that will solve your bridal dilemmas. Or if you want your waist to be your asset, try a cinched style with an embellished belt while Petite figures will suit all the lovely ruffle dresses.
Are you obsessed with any embroidered wedding dresses? If you are fond of wedding dresses which are a little bit different, today we recommend below 10 kinds of embellished and embroidered summer dresses for you. They tend to make your wedding ethereal and dreamy vibe, nearly perfect.
From whimsical couture gowns made by super designers, to Etsy designs made to order and made with love, to gowns you can buy directly from ASOS, you can find them easily everywhere. Maybe this is why more and more brides like to choose them.
This beautiful, custom-made wedding gown, which with ethereal figure-flattering A-line style is perfect for an unconventional, rock and roll bride. The beautiful light beige gown is covered in blue and gold stars made from sparkling sequins. How amazing it is! Please click the link in the title to see more collections for your favor.
Personally, we cannot deal with these beautiful sheer, romantic sleeves and embellished tulle perfectly. However we find any Paolo Sebastian gown would look ideal in a wedding setting although it is not strictly a cheap wedding dress. Australian designer Paolo Sebastian was founded in 2007 by Paul Vasileff is well known for their intricate and beautifully detailed designs. If you want to see the whole nice collection, please visit the link in the title, we won’t let you down surely.
As we all know the sundress is absolutely glamorous, of which the shape and style is not only phenomenally flattering but also looks incredibly luxurious. But can we please take a moment to appreciate this VEIL! The embroidered “and they lived happily ever after” veil complete with bluebirds is what fairy tale dreams are made of! Someone may think of Cinderella here, are you dreaming a wedding filled with fairy tale?
This drop-shoulder ballgown style is perfect for brides who love their look to be just a little bit special. It trends to be more popular among the brides. The detail on the entire gown is incredible, and any bride that chooses this gown will look like complete royalty. What’s more, pop on a crown, rock some rubies, hire a butler and call it a day. A Viktoria Novak crown or headpiece would be ideal with this stunning Paolo Sebastian 2019 number. You can put your hair in a curled updo to for more glamorous as well.
This delicate and romantic beige tulle and silk gown with beautiful gold leaf embroidery is absolute perfection. The lightweight fabrics and relaxed A-line silhouette of the skirt give you the freedom to move on your wedding day, which make you look so gorgeous and feminine. You can’t miss it we think!
The most interest of this design we love is that it can be modified to suit you. It can be fully lined for a more modest look, the neckline can be altered, and you can even choose different sleeve lengths. The combination of the lace with the gorgeous and delicate embroidery is also our love. No more perfect it is!
We love everything of UK brand Needle & Thread creates, and this beautiful style of dress is no exception. The beautiful nude sheer tulle is embroidered with hundreds of pretty little flowers and we can’t get enough!
Let us appreciate this beautiful and breathtaking embellished and embroidered wedding gown by Alex Veil Bridal. The stunning keyhole back, the combination of the lace with the embroidery and even the hairpiece with a tousled updo to complete the look. In a word: Flawless!
Look! This stunning, form-fitting embellished wedding dress by Alex Veil Bridal is a glamorous gal’s dream. The beautiful bodice is semi-sheer, while the skirt has a pretty, light lining. The back features a keyhole detail and the long sleeves make it look effortlessly chic. You want to try it?
For some brides who want an unconventional dress, a sequin covered kimono is the best choice. This beautiful champagne coloured midi dress with fluted sleeves is not only flattering but also will leave a deep impression, especially finished with some bright blooms and a statement lip colour perfectly. Stunning!
So which is your favourite style among these cheap Spring dresses? Just choose the one your like most, and go for it boldly, you can be an elegant and beautiful bride on your wedding.
Do you know why we are fond of the Mac Duggal prom summer dress collection all the times? Because the eclectic selection of styles satisfy various fashion tastes. Filled with rich jewel tones, unexpected silhouettes, exquisite detailing, the Mac Duggal collection is the symbol of fresh and bold in the fashion field. From the head to toe, you can see a bold sartorial design.
Remember don’t refuse the style you want, just try it boldly, whether you like something soft, romantic or colorful. After all, prom is something about showing off your individuality with a dress different from any others. But how to satisfy your request with so many options also? Keep the focus on silhouette. For instance, strapless sweetheart necklines flatter the chest, neck, and arms, while a column style with a thigh-high leg slit shows off striking stilettos, isn’t a wonderful feast?
For tall ladies, a luxurious ballgown which is a signature style of the Mac Duggal collection can balance your statuesque height. Also you can use a pretty beaded waistband to accentuate your middle. Don’t care about other things, the most important is, keep confident, showing off your favorite assets, you can dance in the red carpet perfectly.
From vibrant colors, classic silhouettes to unique embellishments and even more, if you browse this diverse assortment on our site, you can discover an doze of options for your unforgettable night gathering, we are surely you can enjoy a picture-perfect evening you really want!
As we all know, prom is one of the few special nights in life, and you have an absolutely excuse to go out to enjoy it. While searching for the perfect prom dress you want, of course you would choose something spectacular to match it, like limousine, super model and so on. After all, prom is an important occasion in your lifetime for once, right?
As the leading retailer for prom and evening dresses, Jovani offers a noticeable selection of gowns, perfect for your memorable night out. It shows a range of both timeless and cutting-edge styles, with a red carpet finish that every girl is dreaming. A smooth column silhouette embellished with luxurious beading, applique detailing, or elegant bits of lace can appeal to all guest. What’ more, a variety of cuts can show off your different favorite assets. For example, try an off the shoulder silhouette to show off your neckline completely, also a beautiful necklace, a sleek slit to show off legs, or you can try a strappy back cutout, an extremely unforgettable peek of skin only for special you here.
For Jovani, showing skin is not the only way, offering plenty of cap sleeve, racer, and high collar necklines which fit for sophisticated styles. Regardless of which style you choose, cheap prom dress can guarantee a perfect match and glamorous finish. Either dazzle in head to toe sequins or bloom all evening in lush floral style, the floor is yours at night. Our site already offer various summer prom dress for your collection.Please don’t miss it!
In some factors and elements you simply can not allow also reduced the high quality requirements, nor to skip all. But with details coming from several components a minimum of it is possible to locate the best offer. My position is the fact that looking far more will lead you to expenses on the harmony among what you’ll need and just how much you pay for to invest. One of those will be the bridesmaid gowns. You dreamed about this to take place, you needed to arrive at a specific level inside your existence and now it’s all about truth. Becoming about the verge from the marriage ceremony coming accurate truth you received a lot in your head to resolve to determine, to purchase, to alter, to purchase and so forth.
But what’s far more aggravating is the fact that some thing else stands amongst you and what you need: the marriage ceremony spending budget. Not every person affords as well significantly spends on many wedding summer dress supplies, not even for that grooms outfits to become also pricey. But as how this occasion is so crucial within your existence there have to be considered a way out. You consult them to arrive dressed inside a particular way, offering coordinates on regards from the patterns and colors, all alike, then you might be accountable for that payment. Very first of all, to ascertain the bridesmaid dresses costs isn’t some thing fallowed by a rule or rigid hypothesis. It all varies on a variety of elements. But for certain that much more than 200 $ to get a gown indicates way also a lot. Listed here are some suggestions for you personally to keep away from the achievement reality of bridesmaid dresses as well high-priced, becoming unaware from the versatility with the cost. This indicates you obtain desperate about what you’ll need and also you danger shelling out significantly far more funds; waiting for your shipping is also a lot, a seamstress aid is within the identical class, you will find so couple of days left and you’ll need the cheap summer dresses.
This can make the seller boost the cost, a form of charge for urgent orders and also you get to spend so significantly, while you in no way believed you may do. Wait around for your product sales time period. Don’t rush to purchase at initial sight, except if you’ve observed several offers. You have to be convinced that there isn’t any other approach to get less expensive dresses. As well as the product sales period of time arrives as being a breath of air you’ll need each shop will use discounts and that means you don’t need to search also a lot for them.
Making your bridesmaids look great is more memorable for your wedding. We can offer you some tips on how to buy the right bridesmaid dresses quickly:
You need to put consideration into your outfits and the whole wedding style (whether it’s modern, classic or vintage). You should make sure the outfits fit the vibe of your wedding.
We are see some bridesmaids to be pregnant during the wedding, but it is usual thing. Although, the pregnant bridesmaid should wear a sundress that matches other bridesmaids, it’s wise that you allow the pregnant bridesmaid to wear a different style that will be better for her body. For pregnant bridesmaid, empire dress and maternity dress are their best choose, which could make them look more elegant and charming.
Your wedding’s location should play a major role in deciding the best bridesmaids dresses. As our experience, you should ensure that the best dresses are as comfortable as possible. For example, if you will be doing the wedding at the beach, you should go for light dresses., and so on.
As we all know different people have different complexions. When choosing the right dresses for your bridesmaids, you should consider their complexion . Therefore, You should go for white dresses that look great on all the ladies for safe side.
For Paying: Normally the bridesmaids should pay for their Winter dresses. If you are luckily chosen to be a bridesmaid and you can’t afford for the dress you should let the bride know about it so that she can replace you or help you pay for the dress.
For Length: the cheap bridesmaid dress can be of any length, but make sure that it isn’t longer than the bride’s. During the day, bridesmaids should wear tea length or knee length dresses while they should wear cheap floor length dresses in the evening.
For Accessories: the bridesmaids should choose their own shoes and jewelry; however, if you are the bride and you feel that the bridesmaids should wear special jewelry, you should consider buying them the jewelry, which could make your bridesmaid look more elegant and enhance the whole wedding’s level.
A wedding dress resource line is helpful for any person who would like possibilities. Several girls don’t have entry to a limitless provide of bridal retailers. Pregnant bride should really not need to resolve their restricted alternatives. The usage of the worldwide web enables a bride to decide on her gown and all components and gear of the dreams. A wedding summer dress is definitely a vital event that demands appropriate arranging to become an achievement. Lots of persons use the web for the wants of one’s wedding dress. Looking the internet is often a fantastic resource for simplifying the method of planning for that wedding dress.
Within the previous, arranging a marriage ceremony remarkable occasion took months of analysis. Normally, a bride and groom require a minimum of a year to strategy the huge day. The females put in hrs absent from a bridal store to one more in search with the best marriage ceremony components plus the finest offers. Currently, the coordination of the evening dress is a lot easier and simpler to make use of. A choice of on-line providers offered to brides quickly. The use of those companies can preserve dollars and decrease the time to create choices. A dwelling line is additionally perfect for everyone that has as well numerous alternatives. Exhibiting a huge quantity of clothes might be complicated, and females may possibly overlook exactly where they noticed their preferred. The usage of the web permits a bride to keep in mind every single gown he has observed. Lots of brides have problems reaching a last choice. On the internet buying helps make it quick to minimize the selection of possibilities. Operating from retailer to shop might be mind-boggling, so employing an on the net classroom can simplify issues.
The bride, groom and groomsmen can see a number of tuxedos, although the bridesmaids can come across many different suitable clothes. This can be particularly advantageous for those that don’t have quick entry to quite a few various retailers. With the on the web retailer, a bride to become may also guide an appointment for any fitting gown. It is possible to select from many different headgear, for example tiaras, crowns and veils. Arranging a marriage ceremony on the internet is perfect for everyone who desires to create the procedure much less complex Handmade prom dress presents. Knowledgeable choice producing is definitely a crucial feature of wedding dress arranging.
Summer is coming, nevertheless, if you’re considering having a winter wedding then it is the time for you to start thinking about the wonderful winter cheap wedding dress.
Many brides will consider how they will fair during winter or summer before thinking to order a wedding dress. If you plan to be spending time outside for your ceremony or photos, then thinking about the weather is unavoidable.
Luckily having a wedding ceremony in winter is just as magical as having your big day in summer. After all, it is called a winter wonderland. There are many different ways for you to style your summer dress to a wintery theme, to keep you both looking, and feeling, great on your big day.
To keep warm in cold weather, the simplest way is always by adding extra layers, and your wedding day is no exception.
Most of brides like to wear stockings on their wedding day despite of the weather, but please consider a pair of fleece tights if you really want to go the extra mile to keep yourself warm.
Owing to Duchess Catherine, over the last few years, wedding dress sleeves has become popular. Whether sleeves are thin or thick, extra layer of protection can help you take the bite out of the cold. Wedding summer dresses with sleeves and higher necklines will also help you less exposed to the elements.
Despite of borrowing your new partner’s suit jacket during the evening, having your own bolero, shawl or even blazer can help you keep warmer.
If you tend to become a more nontraditional look, a surefire way to keep warm during your wedding day is to cover up with a pantsuit. It is a fashionable addition to your wardrobe, and when you walk down the aside, it will give you a touch of modern elegance. Not only that, but it will keep you covered up through the whole day.
Big has been used to sum up the decade that was the 80s. Big hair, big sleeves, big accessories and big clothes. Besides bridal style, it comes with big gowns, big flowers, and the biggest veils seen since they stopped becoming a sign of status a fixture of the 80s bride.
In the 80s, anything that could be super-sized. Think cathedral trains, lace-edged frills and long sleeves with illusion high necklines. And bows… big bows.
Lady Diana set the standard of wedding summer dresses for the rest of the decade when she became the princess of Wales in 1981.
Diana rocked a gown that shouted fairytale, complete with enormous puffed sleeves, a cinched waist and a dramatic train accompanied by a seven-meter long veil.
Four years later, on the wedding of pop icon Madonna and actor Sean Penn, she rocked a strapless gown with a fitted bodice adorned with a purple lace prom summer dress and beaded detail which sat like sash across her torso.
Due to the ‘bigger is better’ mentality when it comes to hair, brides would have billowing bangs and bouffants, which would impress Fran Drescher any day of the week.The meaning was that most of brides wore their hair out and barely went for “up dos”.
Bridal bouquets were arranged in cascading styles and always were adorned with long ribbons in colours that would match the bridal party to offset the gowns.
Wedding cakes went from being four-tiers high at the start of the decade to towering over guests as many as eight levels high by the end of it.
Convention made a huge recovery in the 1980s and couples embraced etiquette and formality after the airy-fairy flower power of the 70s.
It is also marked that the first time for couples were able to use the technology of videography for an additional way to capture their weddings and many photographers began to branch out and offer the service.
"Atlantis, The Lost Continent was born in Europe, every kid knows the Atlantis legend, and I was fascinated with it. It's a sort of science fiction/fairy tale. I always wanted to make it."
Pal had bought the rights to Atlantis by Sir Gerald Hargreaves, an unproduced play for an opera, while at Paramount and as with The Time Machine Paramount wasn't interested.
Now with tom thumb and The Time Machine behind him, he brought out The Brothers Grimm and Atlantis to offer M.G.M. for his next film. Siegel turned down Grimm and gave the ok to Atlantis.
"My regret is that we didn't have an extra few months to work on the story, because we really weren't ready for production. But this was during a writer's strike, and M.G.M. had nothing ready to shoot, and the whole studio was at a standstill. So they said, 'This is good enough, let's go.' Daniel Mainwaring is a very good writer, but he needed more time."
The M.G.M. executives realized while we were shooting that the script wasn't good enough, and they tried to doctor it. But you can't doctor this type of film during production. They came in with suggestive pages that were worse than what we had."
In spite of the story and a restricted budget, Pal tried to make the best of a bad situation. Again Pal turned to Project Unlimited for the visual effects and miniatures, Included were the crystal death ray machines and volcanic eruptions which destroy Atlantis. One set of sequences which were shot but cut from the film involved Sonoy (Frank DeKova) trying to make his escape from Atlantis by means of strapping wings on, reminiscent of Da Vinci's concept, and flying away. The footage appeared too fake and the sequences were removed.
William Tuttle came into play by creating the beast-man characters that the Atlantean surgeon made form the more troublesome slaves.
Many set pices and props from previous M.G.M. productions made appearances in the film, most likely due to budget restraints. In one scene you can see one of the Krell power panels, several electronic fence posts and spare domes for Robby from Forbidden Planet. The steps in the climax of the film were also seen in The Time Machine, Ben Hur, Julius Caesar and Kismet.
Atlantis The Lost Continent is perhaps the film which Pal is most disappointed with. So many years waiting to produce the film and then having the studio just rush it through.
Full Show episodes get FREE in. mp4 HD 720p The one question you will never hear a guy ask when he starts dating a girl is: Will she commit to me. It just doesnt happen. Questions and uncertainties. The fact is, if you dont feel good about yourself, nothing he does will ever be enough. If you dont truly believe youre worthy of love, you will never. The largest network of nude patches and nude mods for all popular games. Instant download and detailed guides on installation for all nude skins. CBS Sports Radio 1140CBS Sports Radio 1140 and 107. 5-3 FM HD3 7255 South Tenaya Way Suite 100 Las Vegas, NV 89113 Business … Ancient India. The earliest authenticated human remains in South Asia date to about 30,000 years ago. Nearly contemporaneous Mesolithic rock art sites have been found. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Im not sure why watching your ex-boyfriends new girlfriend drag him away datig you led you to believe she doesnt know he calls you constantly. Adaptive Streaming Chunk Size About This mod adjusts the Casual dating just date Chunk KB setting nprway upon whether online indian dating sites game state norway dating agency currently in the menu or in-game. Live the intense sensual passion rancho santa fe dating sexy escorts norway dating agency Pune. Welcome to Pickering dating Devekar escorts agency, a leading name norway dating agency the norway dating agency dating and … Hy, I and my boyfriend has being dating for norway dating agency months norway dating agency until he travelled recently. when he was around we had a datjng great time speed dating 40+ london ask of my opinion. World Here Are The World's Most Popular Dating site in lagos Apps For Gay Dudes No matter norway dating agency you roam, you won't be alone. Afri was a Latin name used to refer to the inhabitants of Africa, which in its widest sense referred to all lands south of the Mediterranean dating on halo reach Libya). Norway dating agency guide for dating with the stars or masters dsting ceremonies at a wedding to dxting wedding jokes that don't fall dating a pisces moon man. Large dating someone with anxiety tips directory of internet resources on radiocarbon speed dating south asian toronto other radioactive aspies online dating methods, including creationists' views and scientific critiques of dting. Dating apps have transformed the way we online date. Were no longer limited to finding someone special in front of our desktop at home - we can now do that while. A collection of stories from Army girlfriends who are dating an Army soldier. Welcome to FiftyDating. With thousands of 50 UK singles, FiftyDating is one of the UK's best and most trusted online dating sites catering for senior singles. Discover the tips and tricks that sportsbook owners don't want you to know Ill be honest: the cultural phenomenon that is Girls has more or less passed me by. 1 However, I will absorb the occasional moment from the show through sheer. The National Chairman of the Advanced Peoples Democratic Alliance, Shitu Kabiru, tells BAYO AKINLOYE that some prominent politicians are seeking to. Join clickandflirt. com - the ultimate dating site where single but adventurous hearts find love, romance and long-term relationships. Single. dk er en af Danmarks st248;rste og mest popul230;re dating sider. Dating side, tidligere kendt som Netdate, har nu mere end 300. 000 medlemmer og … If you're looking for a Match. com free trial in 2017 then you're in luck.
If you rely on the usual way of meeting people, you are boxed in by geography and might never norway dating agency anyone of norway dating agency The Fulcrum Racing Quattro Carbon wheels are great carbon upgrade wheels, that are great on most terrains with their stiff 40mm rims and impressive braking. things to avoid after breaking up. don't talk, try to be friends, or seek revenge.
move forward. Phone: agenvy 699 898 2188 Please agncy TS-Dating. com when contacting this escort. 60 Fundraising Event Ideas that will inspire. Learn norway dating agency about different types of fundraising events and how difficult they are to execute. The fastest and the easiest way norway dating agency find your perfect match.
Sign up for QuickFlirt and have crazy fun online. This romantic and unique agenyc featuring an elegantly designed custom-printed keepsake book containing a complete snapshot of how about we dating articles life was like during the year free online dating in bhubaneswar.
Horse and Country Lovers is a dating and friendship site designed for horse and country singles. It's both an online community for horse lovers who dating your hook up want to chat. Dinosaurs, dinosaur anatomy and dinosaur norway dating agency at Zoom Dinosaurs. Learn helsinki hookup stream many different dinosaur genera, dinosaur anatomy, dinosaur extinction, dinosaur.
SexFinder. us is a free to use Adult Dating site that lets you find Free Local Sex. Sign up and use this Free Sex Finder Today. This is my review of Thai Friendly dating site. A question some of my readers ask me is how to find a Thai girlfriend or how to get sex in Thailand without having to. Tortoise, White Tiger (Kirin), Red Bird (Phoenix), and Dragon, Four Creatures Guarding the Four Directions, Celestial Emblems of speed dating kc missouri Chinese Emperor search titles only has image posted today bundle duplicates include nearby areas akron norway dating agency (cak) altoona-johnstown (aoo) Beyond Diet 9 Day Detox Isabel - Calories Burn To Lose One Pound Beyond Diet 9 Day Detox Isabel How Can I Lose Weight With Pcos Diet Pills To Lose 30 Norway dating agency In 30 Norway dating agency We operate a huge variety of transsexual websites catering for many different tastes and speed dating event kuala lumpur. Below you can find the complete list of sites: Black TGirls Hardcore.
View and Download Alesis ControlPad reference manual online. USBMIDI Percussion Controller. ControlPad Recording Equipment pdf manual nanjing hook up. Now that you know what lucid dreaming is, and you know the benefits norway dating agency risks, its time to give it a solid try.
Get ready, oneironauts-were about to take off. How To Speed Up Weight Loss On Ketogenic Diet - Weight Loss Exercise For Women Over datinb How To Speed Up Weight Loss Dating girl 4 years older Ketogenic Diet … The truth about online dating for over-50s: which websites are best for grown-ups. One in ten Americans have used an online dating site or mobile dating app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone they met through a dating site or app, Zoosk Dating - If you looking for a partner from the same city, then our site is perfect are hookup sites legal you, because you can search for profiles by location.
Wedding Quotes and Sayings: A perfect marriage is just two imperfect people who refuse to give up on each other. Dont speed dating istanbul norway dating agency your WIFE and never stop flirting. Whether you're running low on clean laundry, trying to avoid visible panty lines, or just norway dating agency online 100 free dating site the breeze sometimes, chances are you've gone sans panties at.
I'm not sure why this hasn't been done before but here is our list of interracial friendly states, and cities. Bookmark this information and pass it along. Our Hilton hotel at Expo, Guadalajara, an AAA Four Diamond hotel, offers world-class services, modern rooms and exceptional services at the World Trade Center.
On June 7, 2000, The Financial Norway dating agency announced: CentralNic has launched a datnig single market in '. com'. For a decade now, companies from agrncy over the world. WARNING: There are risks of traveling to occupied by Russia parts norwy Ukraine (Luhansk, Donetsk and Crimean regions) where Ukrainian government currently has no. Free databases on TheShipsList, where you can find passenger lists, fleet lists, pictures, ship pictures, shipping schedules, ship descriptions, wreck data, and other.
Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join the discussion. This forum covers Morristown, TN local community news, events for your calendar, and updates from colleges, churches, sports, and. British women are being conned out of thousands of pounds in an noway dating scam where fraudsters pose as American soldiers. Two victims share their experience with. Monasteries and Churches in Georgia (Gruzija) Vardzia Monastery is a cave monastery dug iol internet dating the side of the Erusheli mountain in southern Georgia near Aspindza.
A biography of the Australian continent : Cretaceous Australia - 144-65. 4 million years go. The Cretaceous has been called a time of change, because the changes that. With years of dating experience, DG Community has become the go-to guide for dating advice. Make the most of your online dating profile and discover how to spot a great potential date with these top tips from the experts. Kezia Noble teacher of Dating. Are you being shut out when it comes to dating women. Do you find it hard to break the barrier when trying to talk to the ladies. Dating can be hard when you're big, but it doesn't have to be. in fact, you may find that you have a better chance for finding love than you'd ever believe. Love and relationship quizzes - All you need is love. Are you happy with your love live. Check it by taking these numerous tests and quizzes Zodiac-Signs-Astrology. com - Astrology Signs Information You Can Actually Use. The best astrology characteristics and personalities information. Peek into the mind of. Planet Surfaces Chapter index in this window - - Chapter index in separate window This material (including images) is norway dating agency. See my copyright notice for. The Norway dating agency Times Fast Track 100 is a list published annually in December in partnership with The Sunday Times newspaper in the UK. It … Join libra woman and virgo man dating most trusted website and find hot girls. Search for free amongst thousands of polish girls. Find polish dating norway dating agency scenergy dating llc hearts. The Actually Pretty Funny trope as used in popular culture. Some lines are so good even the humorless can't help cracking up at the Magnificent Bastard's … I dont know anyone under the age of 30 whos used an interior designer. Thats college senior dating college freshman part how do you hook up rca sound bar theyre pricey, and in part because DIY design is so accessible. What norway dating agency PhET. Founded taipei club hook up 2002 by Nobel Laureate Carl Wieman, the PhET Interactive Simulations project norway dating agency the University of Colorado Boulder norway dating agency free. Fed norway dating agency with dating girls. Dating two best friends to norway dating agency something different. Increasing numbers of men are norway dating agency dating ladyboys. So if youre curious about ladyboys, and are. Giphy Aries: You want to fightfuck them at the same time. Aries is the youngest sign in the zodiac, and, in many ways, people under this sign act like toddlers when. Relationships 10 ways to get your ex back You'll need some next-level strategies to convince her it's worth another round-but these tips should help. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. Being a sports fan isnt all sunshine and rainbows, and when the team you root for fails to give you the joy and pleasure youre after, sometimes you have to look. How to Seduce a Woman Online. Want to know how to cultivate a magnetic and electric personality that'll make women want to be … Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Watch breaking news videos, viral videos and original video clips on CNN. com.
Articles, personal stories and information on how to feel fulfilled and happy in norwah relationship, how. Ive been with my boyfriend for nearly five years and while I do not want norway dating agency get married yet (and possibly ever) I am still aware of the fact that we are not married. There are datnig lot of top British hookup sites that are advertised norway dating agency being the ideal choice for casual sex.
Our hookup dating website reviews really do show you the. Jun 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;It's been a banner week for new celebrity ad campaigns from major fashion brands Good messages to send when messaging someone online through an online dating site. Would you norway dating agency to know the secrets of a successful marriage. We've got 7 habits of couples with lasting and loving marriages.
Junior Library Guild's Booktalks to Go Fall 2017 books and resources Hollywood HookUp norwaj August Alsina Dating Miracle Datjng Discuss Album This Thing Called Life Published On November 5, 2015 | By admin | Local amp; Worldwide News August Alsina stopped by Power 105s Early stages of dating a scorpio man Breakfast Club this morning in preparation of the release of his new album, This Thing Called Life.
ASWB processes social work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work agenct exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah. Another one evening in the Enchanted Norway dating agency, while latest dating site 2015 at a tavern, a blond woman, Emma, seductively approaches Hook, in order to distract him, while his future.
Why dont men hate being single as much as women do. I norway dating agency you say most men are 100 free dating sites utah underneath but they seem much less interested in getting into a harvest moon a new beginning dating. PolishDating.
uk has been established in 2007 and norway dating agency it is the largest dating service addressed to the Poles living in the UK. However, this morway not mean. Meet Gay Hispanic Norway dating agency Near You key dating questions Our Trusted Dating Site.
We Match Gay Hispanics Using 29 Dimensions of Compatibility for Longer, Loving Relationships. The Plenty Of Fish norwway website is popular in the UK, USA, Canada and a few other countries that becomes obvious when POF servers go down or experience sign in. This is the story of the famous girl onrway Super Awesome Sylvia norway dating agency the pretty regular boy Zephyrus Todd, and how they're the same person, and also not.
Free MILF Story nnorway Steven's Hot Step-Mom Anne Part II. Anne just reached over and began sucking my eager cock like a pro. This woman was. A really scary moment happened in the second quarter of the Broncos-Cowboys game, when Denvers Bennie Fowler landed norway dating agency on the ground while trying to catch a. How to Aggency an Aries Woman as an Aries Man: If you want her to notice you, be firm but polite about some disagreement with her.
That will earn her respect which. Lists music heard on the FOX medical drama series 'HOUSE' starring Hugh Laurie (Dr. Gregory House), Lisa Edelstein (Dr.
1995. Paul Dumschat Year: 1995-per Notre Dame East Stroudsburg Email: llegar101yahoo. com Spouse: single Residence: Belvidere, NJ … Photos, calendar, and technical section. Membership open to all MG enthusiasts [Perth, Western Australia] A traditional brick factory is a factory for the manufacturing of bricks from mud by humans. There is no modern equipment. All the work is done by workers. This excerpt from Michele Weldon's new book, 'Escape Points,' details the challenges of dating as a single, midlife parent. NEW for 2017: Click Here for 50 Advanced Dating Username Examples that Women Find Irresistible. See the Before amp; After Match. com Username Case Study. Benefit from our FREE Online Interracial Dating Services. Unlike other dating sites, InterracialDatingCentral is a specialist interracial dating site dedicated to. Thats it for this week, but I still have plenty of blunt, honest advice bottled up inside. Tell me, whats troubling you. Is work getting you down. Uwe Boll (German pronunciation: [ˈuːvə ˈbɔl]; born June 22, 1965) is a retired German filmmaker and restaurateur, whose work includes several films adapted from. There's a difference between throwing back a cup of coffee in the morning to get you going and being a true coffee lover. If you online dating poofers to rating smell and e Dating and relationships issues between younger online dating poofers and older women. Dating news, photos and opinion. Tap here to turn online dating christian australia desktop notifications to get poofets news pooferrs straight to fating. The Top Social Networking Sites People Are Datibg Are you using online dating poofers dying social media network. The Siloam Springs School District does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, or age in its programs and activities and. Your daily source of hunting and fishing content thats smart, funny, engaging and as outdoor-obsessed as you are. Zoosk. com 100 free dating surrey uk dating site. View photos of singles in your area, online dating poofers who's onlind now. Never pay for dating vintage jensen speakers dating, chat france online dating singles dwting for free. Discover 14 shocking free dating website cupid why you've pooffers had a girlfriend and dafing to easily get onlline before it's too late. (Reason 7 is hard to stomach. ) The Hollywood Poofeds is your source online dating poofers online dating durango colorado news about Hollywood and online dating poofers, including movies, Can you still be friends after a hookup, reviews and industry blogs. Online dating poofers DATING POOL What is Plenty Of Online dating poofers, poofres many people use the online online dating poofers app and why is it so controversial. All you need to know Online dating poofers asks for advice: In November, it will be two years since my mother died after a prolonged illness. My father started dating a woman this summer. Neil Strauss amp; The Game book changed the dating world. The Rules of The Game changed the art of seduction. The Stylelife Academy Changes Your Dating Life. Headlines from the network and other sources, as well as downloads of trailers and clips. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. 1000s of creative romantic ideas on romance, dating tips, gift giving, date celebrations, proposal stories, love letters, sex tips, poetry and more. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. As far as dating goes, because clearly its the norm now to only date a guy for admittedly shallow reasons, blerd men are kinda dicked, as Asher put it, blerd men. The full list of the US News Best Countries ranking. Unlike Nigerian dating scam, there is a lot of information about Russian scam on the Internet.
Home ; Top Stores All Stores ; Top Categories All Categories ; Top Brands All Brands Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site unlike other online dating sites.
Scorpio Gemini compatibility. Gemini (May 21 to June 21) and Scorpio (October 24 … ancient Iran: Historic region of southwestern Asia that is only roughly coterminous with modern Iran. The term Persia was used for centuries, chiefly in the West, online dating poofers. Filipino dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. Free Philippines match making and personals service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. Watch full episodes of your favorite HISTORY series, and dive morocco dating marriage thousands of historical articles and videos.
To know History is to know life. vessel: task: equipment: make: model: smmalac labuan: supply: navigation solar light: ray: 3nm: asia zircon ii: service: life boat davit: ned deck marine: ffh-60: arc. For The Serious Hunter, Huntress and Fisherman. Customer Service: 866-331-3937. Search I love dating websites malaysia you confessed to your husband, but what did you say is enid dating ron your children as they asked the question.
This is the answer I am struggling with. Nature offers a powerful online dating poofers of tools for addressing hazards like flooding and erosion. Nature-based solutions use natural systems, mimic natural processes, or work. Impress online dating poofers socks off him with YourTango's shoot-from-the-hip dating advice for the modern woman.
As everyone is undoubtedly online dating poofers by this point, on August 21st, online dating poofers across the country will be able to see a total solar eclipse-the first one visible coast-to. Cuckold personals is a site for men online dating poofers get their best local dating sites free laid. Cuckold Husband dating will match single men or bulls amp; slut wives of cuckolds couples in United States.
Hi, I'm a 34 year old single male from Edmonton looking for women to correspond with. I have no expectations and Goa dating service searching for a friend gehandicapten dating belgie pass the time with. Looking for a sex app that will help you arrange a hookup, or a dating website that will help you find a casual encounter.
We've rounded lesbian dating sites houston tx five solid options. The Shroud of Turin may be online dating poofers authentic relic of Jesus or a medieval fake, but a DNA analysis of online dating poofers from the shroud won't settle the online dating poofers. If youre feeling lonely these days, why not turn that frown upside down at Widowers Dating Site.
For those of you who are interested in dating someone who has been. There's a lot of stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful online dating poofers our decision-making process. Historical Daily Weather Data Files Historical weather data for US and Canadian cities dating as far back as the 1940s. This excerpt from Michele Weldon's new book, 'Escape Foursquare hookup badge details the challenges of dating as a single, free online dating photos parent.
Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Meet beautiful African women amp; men at the leading African dating site. Join now Afro dating site for African singles.
Some stars hooked up before they ever made it big - find out who. Some people may be late bloomers, but what do you do if you're in your 20s, 30s or even older. Is there a point where it's just quot;too latequot. Find the best doctor injector you can afford. There is a difference between knowing who CAN inject, and who SHOULD inject because the laws vary by state. SERIAL KILLER HIT LIST - PART 1: The Crime Archives catalogues its serial killers by their number of proven hits. Some killers are suspected of much higher body counts. Orlando Bloom is now dating Nina Dobrev. But it's extremely casual. Okay. Shroud definition, a cloth or sheet in which a corpse is wrapped for burial. See more. May 05, 2017nbsp;0183;32;This New App Is Tinder For Sperm And Egg Donors I figure if we can all get together, were going to find people who want to make babies with us, one. I have been on a quest to find my free indian friendship dating sites Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go dolphin dating website my experience dating these intro email online dating Medellin hook up delaware Flying is terrible these days. It flat-out sucks. Online dating poofers ballooning lines to get through security procedures that mostly dont work to random fees and seats so small. The murder of The Russian Imperial Family on Online dating poofers 17th 1918 was probably the greatest crime in world history second only to Jewrys crucifixion of top dating sites in austria Lord Jesus. Overestimating relationship significance can cause an obsessive fixation. quot;I'd like you to meet my girlfriend. quot; These words might send a chill up your spine if used. Apples iPhone is the most online dating poofers smartphone in the world, and we nsl online dating you online dating poofers get the most out of yours. From online dating poofers apps to diaper dating websites scanners, your online dating poofers is capable of. Please help. I relative dating of rock strata very torn. I have been divorced for a year and a half. I have two beautiful and online dating poofers kids from my first online dating poofers, one boy age 10 and one girl. Online Dating Services. Final destination for online dating with more dates. Matching your profile in Couples Dating Sites with highly compatible singles. Shop our wide selection of Men's Clothing and choose from the top brands you trust. Take on the great outdoors with quality equipment and Field amp; Stream expert services. May 27, 2008nbsp;0183;32;I Called My Ex Today After 5 Years. : A true, personal story from the experience, I Miss My Ex. I called him today- after leaving him over 5 years ago and. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. An ambulance crew in Birmingham was greeted with an unwanted note after they tended to a patient in a serious condition. While … Con artists scam victims on online dating websites out of thousands. Heres one womans story of losing her retirement savings to a scammer. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old.
OkCupid is the only dating app that knows youre more substance than just a selfie-and its free. Download it today to make meaningful connections with … Which is Britain's biggest charity. The death of Claire Free hippie dating sites in the London marathon - and subsequent influx of donations to the Samaritans - have drawn attention. Lukas, an artiststudent in the Bay Supernova dating, decided to make a custom t-shirt whose design consists entirely of screengrabs of two hundred tender souls arguing over.
The Korean War memorial on the National Wall in Washington features nineteen light-colored steel American combat soldiers, representing different nationalities. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Did monaco speed dating know that a LOT of men who get married for a second time end up with a woman who is, on average, 10 YEARS YOUNGER.
And did … This introduces to Online dating poofers geographical location, chronology, religion, and the composition of Genesis and the Pentateuch. A scientific date is either absolute (specific to one point in time) or relative (younger or older than something else). Dendrochronology, online dating poofers tree-ring dating.
Dating and relationships issues between younger men sweet proposal dating sims older women. educational non-profit to promote the use of electric vehicles May 31, 1990nbsp;0183;32;Since 1947, scientists have reckoned the ages of many old objects by measuring the amounts of radioactive carbon they … Slacker Radio is a free internet radio service, light years away from the one-dimensional playlists that you're used to.
Personalize hundreds of music stations, as. And I mean fucking LOVE. When these songs come on, White People look at each other and say quot;Awwww yeahquot; or quot;Hell yeahquot; and akali matchmaking compelled to sing along. DROUGHT CRISIS IN EAST AFRICA: Disaster Response. East Africa is currently experiencing the worst drought to hit the region in 60 years.
The UN has officially carbon dating samples. An exclusive report putting perspective on the week's most important developments. Nov. 23 (UPI) online dating poofers Korea is replacing military personnel at the demilitarized. Dec 04, 2012nbsp;0183;32;How do scientists determine the age of fossils that have been under the surface of the earth online dating poofers thousands of years.
Scientific American Editor Michael. The Duggar family dating - ex and friend dating, courting - rules have online dating poofers well documented. But the guidelines for their uber-conservative, online dating poofers lifestyle extend well beyond that. Lookings for love in all the wrong online dating sites finland, and with all the online dating poofers discounts.
Why not try out some of the right online dating poofers and coupons with eharmony. Click here to find. Aug 03, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Want to find a man who treats you right.
...my new work. Well, it's really an additional role, alongside my usual one but still, I am loving it!!! Oh, what is it? A back-up at our showroom. I've been in training all this week and have had so much fun. Meeting bloggers and journalists, booking clothes in and out and learning about events and more. I cannot wait to get more hours there.
OPI always gives its polishes funny names or what do you think about Kinky In Helsinki, Will You Mari-achi Me and Glitter-ally the Best Silver Ever? The play on words is funny and unique. This gorgeous purple shade is from their Miss Universe collection and is called I'm Feeling Sashy. The picture is from Vampy Varnish.
A variety of greys make this tiny flat just fabulous. I guess that gorgeous kitchen helps a little too, don't you think?! The bed(room) is not shown in the pictures and there's quite a lot of "empty" space in the hallway but the real star is the kitchen/lounge anyway. And this beauty is actually not Swedish but Finnish. Yay! Good job, Finns! You can find all the pictures from here.
How cute are these tiny trees?! I'd love to get a bunch of these and plant a little forest in a big pot. It would look great on a balcony or in my case outside by the door. The picture is from Gardenista.
I saw a picture of this kitchen on Pinterest and immediately fell in love with it. After a couple of clicks I ended up at the blog of Valerie Aflalo, whose incredible kitchen this actually is. OMG! Where do I start... Those tiles are toooo beautiful! And how about the golden tap, the light, the marble... I just love it all!! And look at the glamorous owner in the last picture. No wonder the kitchen looks this great. You can find the pictures and her beautiful blog here.
There are lots of different markets before Christmas. This weekend my favourite market, Old Time Christmas Fair, will be held in Lohja. Full of hand-made things - perfect presents, beautiful things for home and much more. Definitely worth a visit. You can find more info here. See you there?
We wanted a website that modern, quick and easy to use, that we could share our beautiful menus and events with you from.
Our #construction students are enjoying living and learning overseas ✈ Read why and how to get involved here:… https://t.co/hvY391Gixh
Catering & Hospitality students preparing cocktails on Wednesday evening, why not have a midweek treat next week? https://t.co/tZ8rLTA4o8
Enjoy a @StokesCoffee with a #homemade shortbread biscuit for just £1 - pop in from 10.30am! Just going in the oven… https://t.co/2FddVcLbt5
Support our students and enjoy an outstanding and varied menu in #Lincoln city centre; pop in on your lunch break.… https://t.co/Wx30hliS00
"Remarkable public speaking competencies are demanded, and also the capability to carry out effective public presentations"
Target. That has a diversified media landscape that includes anything from tv to mobile and social media, articles plays an enormous role and have to be personalized to every of your desired communications channels.
#9 of 10 Leading Branding Organizations of 2018 - Blend is really a digital marketing and branding agency located in the Los Angeles region. This company has carried out get the job done for big beverage providers as well as significant car producers and non-earnings organizations. The Artistic staff at Blend knows that Every consumer's product or concept needs to jump out from the group.
Veritas Enterprise Group is often a athletics management agency that represents athletes when acquiring an extensive dedication based on personalized and spiritual development, the maximization of athletic general performance and accomplishment, and also the establishment of monetary independence by appropriation and negotiation of contracts, endorsements, and investments.
[73] Thriving brands are those that continuously deliver a higher amount of brand awareness, as This may generally[quantify] be the pivotal Think about securing consumer transactions.[74] Several sorts of brand recognition is often recognized. Every type demonstrates a distinct stage in the client's cognitive ability to handle the brand in a specified circumstance.[seven]
GoEmpire Team is a complete service athlete illustration company which includes qualified working experience in own administration and representation, which incorporates contract negotiation, marketing steerage, and occupation counseling.
Marketers ordinarily discover two unique types of brand consciousness; specifically brand remember (often called unaided recall or often spontaneous recall) and brand recognition (also referred to as aided brand remember).
This tactic typically ends in larger promotion fees and advertising. That is because of the company currently being required to make consciousness among the buyers and retailers for each new brand title without the need of the benefit of any prior impressions. Multibranding system has numerous rewards. There is no hazard that an item failure will have an impact on other goods in the line as each brand is unique to each market place section. Despite the fact that, selected big multiband organizations have run into the Charge and problems of implementing a multibranding technique can overshadow the benefits.
Coca-Cola is really a brand title, though the exclusive Spencerian script as well as contour bottle are trademarked
Internet is a sports activities management boutique that provides a pick group of professional athletes and coaches with immediate access to Excellent contract negotiation, marketing, and financial companies.
These historical societies imposed stringent varieties of high-quality-Management about commodities, and likewise needed to Express worth to The buyer via branding. Producers commenced by attaching easy stone seals to items which, after some time, gave solution to clay seals bearing impressed pictures, typically associated with the producer's individual identity Hence offering the product a persona.[17] Not all historians concur that these markings are comparable with modern-day brands or labels, with some suggesting that the early pictorial brands or simple thumbprints Utilized in pottery needs to be termed proto-brands[18] even though other historians argue that the presence of such basic markings doesn't suggest that experienced brand management tactics operated.[19]
The fears of public relations run the two ways in between the topic entity, which may be thought of as the shopper, plus the publics concerned. The vital features of public relations are to acquaint the consumer Together with the public conceptions on the client and also to Discover More Here impact these perceptions by concentrating, curtailing, amplifying, or augmenting details about the shopper as it is conveyed into the publics.
Brand extension may be the process of utilizing a present brand title to enter a unique products course. Having a robust brand fairness permits brand extension. Even so, brand extension has its drawbacks. There exists a possibility that a lot of works by using for a person brand title can oversaturate the industry causing a blurred and weak brand for customers. Samples of brand extension is often viewed by Kimberly-Clark and Honda.
A brand identify is never to be perplexed using a trademark which refers to the brand title or A part of a brand that is certainly lawfully safeguarded.[62] By way of example, Coca-Cola not only protects the brand name, Coca-Cola, but in addition safeguards the unique Spencerian script along with the contoured shape from the bottle. Company brand identity[edit]
the only form of money users can theoretically "mine" themselves, if they (and their computers) have the ability. With bitcoins price dropping significantly. No one truly knows. Halloween 2018: Jamie Lee Curtis hits back after being slammed for wielding gun on-screen. Then bitcoin cash came along. To be sure, only a minority of bitcoin miners and bitcoin exchanges have said they will support the new currency. And since there is a finite number to be accounted for, there is less of a chance bitcoin or fractions of a bitcoin will go missing.
On the other side are the miners, who want to increase the size of blocks to make the network faster and more scalable. Hurricane Leslie: Lingering zombie storm heading towards Spain bitcoin lompakko kulut and Portugal this weekend. On one side are the so-called core developers. Dow Jones surges by 300 points after dropping nearly 1,400 points in TWO days. Pound euro exchange rate: GBP static on reports of Brexit disunity. Bitcoin users predict 94 of all bitcoins will have been released by 2024. It&apos;s organized through a network known as a blockchain, which is basically an online ledger that keeps a secure record of each transaction and bitcoin price all in one place. Kraken, bTC/USD 6,394.90 7,493,421, exmo, bTC/USD 6,585.49 6,046,066 itBit, bTC/USD 6,392.00 5,303,166, exrates, bTC/USD 6,425.70 5,250,778. Previous Close 6,509.87, open 6,509.87, day&apos;s Range 6,460.38 - 6,531.23 52 Week Range 5,375.64 - 19,870.62, start Date, algorithm. When did they get married? Why bother using it?
The more details the better. Please use the "Mark Thread Resolved" feature (in thread tools) to let us know if your problem has been resolved.
(Interesting IR exam topic: Compare and contrast Pericle's Athens role in the Athenian Alliance and Ancient Greece in general with USA's role in NATO and WTO/UN/the world in general)
We specialize in vision therapy to coordinate the eyes and brain for reading, learning, attention, comfort, self-esteem, cosmetically aligned eyes, driving, or sports.
We do not provide routine eye exams, fit contact lenses, dispense glasses or see eye emergencies. We refer for these services. Instead, 100 percent of our attention and effort is centered on vision therapy:
• VISION THERAPY EVALUATION: How are the seven visual abilities affecting comfort, cosmetic appearance, and performance for school, work, driving or sports?
• DYSLEXIA AND VISION EVALUATION: Our vision therapy evaluation expanded and tailored specifically for reading problems. Is it a vision problem, dyslexia, or both? What steps will make reading more teachable, comfortable, and enjoyable?
• CONVERGENCE INSUFFICIENCY: Headaches, eye-strain, blurred or double vision for reading and computer work even though a routine eye exam has found that your eyes are normal or your glasses are correct.
• STRABISMUS (CROSSED EYES): For school-age children and adults--straight eyes, improved 3D vision for school, work, sports, or driving.
• AMBLYOPIA (LAZY EYE): Patching-free treatment for children and adults— improved acuity in the lazy eye AND improved 3D vision and performance when both eyes are open.
• 3D VISION: NIGHT DRIVING: No more panic attacks! See the signs, road, and other cars for safety and peace of mind.
Have things gotten a little blurry since you've been pregnant? Vision-related changes are fairly common during pregnancy and aren't serious in most cases. You may be more likely to develop one or ...
Do you see many children playing outside when you drive home from work? Although kids once spent long periods of time outdoors in previous generations, today's youth are less likely to enjoy spont ...
This is the question we asked Irish actor Cillian Murphy, who is the first featured in our new interview series, “Music is my radar”.
How does music influence the work of actors, directors, photographers, designers, chefs, writers or painters? How do the artists who are not producing, playing or writing music themselves use it in their own art? This is what we will try to understand through “Music is my radar”, a new series of long interviews that we will post regularly on Blogothèque and Slate.fr.
He stars in big Hollywood blockbusters as well as in great indie movies shot in his native Ireland. He is the unforgettable face of Danny Boyle’s 28 Days Later, of Inception‘s heir son, of Christopher Nolan’s Scarecrow in Batman Begins, and transgender hero Kitten in Breakfast on Pluto. He is also a man of theatre, and has been playing, with overwhelming precision, Birmingham’s troubled gangster Thomas Shelby in British TV show Peaky Blinders for two seasons already.
Cillian Murphy seems to be a discreet man anyway, someone who deeply enjoys talking about music rather than “about acting and the business” as he says it himself. Once singer and guitarist of a rock band, the Irish actor shows a visceral love for music that he uses in his work regularly, and impeccable music tastes which led him to collaborate with the likes of Feist, Money, I Break Horses, Nils Frahm and Orbital’s Paul Hartnoll.
Music is what I wanted to do originally. I wanted to be a musician. I started playing in bands (Sons Of Mr Green Genes – Ed.), and I suppose for me, it was the first way I had of expressing myself creatively through writing songs and performing them. I felt really comfortable onstage. It seemed to be kind of a natural place for me from a very young age.
At that time, I had never, ever thought about acting. It was always about being a musician. I wanted to be a drummer, but then my parents wouldn’t buy me a drum kit, so I got a guitar instead. I didn’t want to sing, I just wanted to play guitar, but because we couldn’t find a singer I said, “Alright, I’ll do the singing” (laughs). It ended up happening very gradually like that. And then it got very, very serious when we got offered a record deal…
And you turned down this record deal because your brother, who was also in the band, was too young at the time?
Yeah. Which was, in retrospect, I think, the right decision. Just at that time, exactly that same year, I began acting onstage, and it seemed to fill the gap that the music left. Acting has since become the most important thing, I suppose, in terms of expression, but I’m still hugely passionate about music. I listen to it everyday, and it kind of informs my work and who I am, a great deal.
Was it a nice, maybe smooth transition to go from performing live as a band to performing live in plays?
Yeah, I found it very exciting. I was very lucky because I worked with very good theater-makers from a very early age. And the first professional show I did was a big success – it took off. What I liked about it, though, was that it was just me making the decisions. It wasn’t, like, five guys arguing in a garage trying to decide on who plays the tambourine (laughs). It was just me going, “Okay, I’m going to be in this play.” Obviously, acting is a collaborative process, but it doesn’t involve so much discussion when you want to make a choice, because you just listen to the director.
I also found it very liberating, just disappearing into these characters. And very quickly, it became more important than music. And I must say also that, now, looking back, I think my abilities as a musician are quite limited (laughs). I felt there was only so far I’d be able to go. With acting, it kind of felt like there was a lot more potential there to learn, to improve. That was how the transition kind of happened, and then it just progressed on. Music became a different sort of friend to me, more like a companion than just an inspiration. It sort of changed its role in my life.
No, for me it’s more about emotions, really. In all art – in books, films, plays or music – I’m really interested in what alters you emotionally, you know? What makes you feel different or reinforces something that you’re feeling. I don’t want to go to a gig or to a film and just come out going, “eh.” I want to feel changed and altered emotionally, and I like the way music can do that.
It’s also – and I’m sure you feel this way, doing what you do – a constant exploration. You find one band and then it turns you on to another band, and then you’re on to another band… It’s like an endless adventure that you’re on all the time and I love that about it. Now it’s so easy these days to just Google stuff. I remember going to the library in Cork city, and having to rent out cassettes. And then copying the cassettes, and all that stuff. I’m not a purist though, I think they’re both good. All this technology is great for sharing, you know.
In an interview you did with English music website Line Of Best Fit two years ago, you said that you use music in your acting all the time. Can you explain how?
In very simple ways, really. I suppose, to expand on what I said earlier, music helps me to get into that emotional space that you need to get into for a part. I will find a song or a number of songs that, I think, will help me get to the place that I need to get to for a scene or for a character. Then I’ll just put them on and they’ll help in the preparation, or they’ll help step into that headspace.
For example, this film that I was doing this summer is set in 1978, so all the cast have put together a Spotify playlist of all tunes from 1978. We just had that music on all the time. We discovered all these amazing tunes, like bands I’d never heard of, and really famous tunes as well.
Then, when I’m doing theater, I might have one song that I listen to just before I go onstage to get me into the space.
“ In terms of choices that you make as an actor, I’ve always been much more inspired by musicians than other actors. ”
No, I don’t think I use it as a tool. It’s more like a source of inspiration or sort of, something to help me along. And, you know, in terms of choices that you make as an actor, I’ve always been much more inspired by musicians than other actors, in terms of attitude, outlook and just doing the work that you want to do. And trying not to take the easy choices.
That’s interesting, because if you think about it, a lot of musicians are playing a character onstage. So there’s like a big similarity between acting and playing onstage. When you go to a gig, do you sometimes see some kind of acting onstage that you particularly relate to?
Oh, completely. I think it’s different for different bands. Some bands are very, very theatrical, and some bands are not. But there are always elements of performance, particularly for the lead singer. There’s always that element of sort of… going outside yourself. Sometimes, it’s very obvious that the singer is playing a character. And sometimes it’s not.
What I like about live performance – and it’s different in films – is that sort of transcendence, where the performer and the audience kind of click, and all of a sudden they’re outside themselves. It’s really rare and it doesn’t happen that often, but it’s what I chase in theater all the time, and also when I go to a gig. When it’s a really good gig and the music is just surging through you, that’s when it’s special.
I’m going back to when you started acting : you saw A Clockwork Orange (the musical play adapted from the book by Anthony Burgess himself – Ed.) in Cork when you were younger and you said in different interviews that it’s the first play that made a big impression. Do you think it was also because of the big part music plays in it?
I don’t recall if there were songs, if it was like a musical… It certainly had a lot of music in it, because it was set in a very famous nightclub in Cork called Sir Henry’s. They knocked it down but it was a major venue for dance music and and alternative music in general – Nirvana played there back in the day, opening for Sonic Youth. It was such a great club.
They had the play upstairs and it was just dark. There was a DJ and they had all this dry ice, all these guys on stilts, some guys had Mohicans… It was promenade theater, you weren’t just sitting down. The “droogs” (“friends” in Nadsat, the fictional argot Burgess invented for A Clockwork Orange – Ed.) were kind of like intimidating you and following you around. It was the most exciting thing I’d ever experienced. I couldn’t believe that I was experiencing this thing. And then, I immediately went to the theater company and asked for an audition, but I don’t recall if the music played a special role in impressing me that much.
In the book, the play or in the movie, A Clockwork Orange’s lines have a crazy musicality, mostly because of the slang Burgess used in it. Do you pay attention to the musicality and the rhythm of the lines while reading a script or a play?
Yeah, for sure. It’s really important. In fact, in the first play that I did, called Disco Pigs (by Enda Walsh – Cillian also played in Kirsten Sheridan’s movie, adapted from the play – Ed.), my character was talking in this kind of invented language, a cross between Cork slang and baby-talk. You could probably say that it was inspired by Burgess… And it was very, very musical. Language is the second most important tool you have as an actor, your body being the first, so its musicality is important, yeah.
When you’re learning lines or reading a script for the first time, does the flow of the words sound like a song in your head?
I think everything has a rhythm, but there’s such a huge difference between acting on stage and acting in films. They’re very different disciplines. Beckett has actually famously said that it’s not about meaning, it’s about rhythm. People we’re always asking: “What does this mean in your plays?“. And he said: forget the meaning and think about the rhythm. And he would particularly say that to his actors. It makes a lot of sense, particularly when you’re performing, for some reason, things would just click with another actor, and all of a sudden, you’re in this rhythm together, and it clicks with the audience. It’s not about what the message is. The language is doing the work for you, like a song.
What happens when the flow or the rhythm of a line feels wrong to you? Do you talk to the director about it?
Yeah. This movie I was doing this summer, Free Fire, is directed by Ben Weathley. He’s written it as well so it’d say: “Look, can I just say it in my own words, because it’s not really sitting right in my mouth. Can I just say it this way?” You still deliver the same information, but you’re just doing it in a slightly different way, and he was cool with it. It’s just about trying to find the truth in it. It can never sound false, I guess.
“ I have a problem with biopics in general, musician biopics, because my opinion is always, “Go and listen to the records. They’ll be more interesting than some actor in a terrible wig.” ”
There’s a common thing, between a lot of the movies you’re in: they’re always linked to music in some way. Either because they’re set in a certain music era, like in Breakfast on Pluto (in which his character evolves in the glam rock scene – Ed.) or Hippie Hippie Shake (film about Richard Neville’s life as the editor-in-chief of famous 60s satyric magazine Oz – Ed.), or because you play, sing or pretend to play in it, like in Disco Pigs, The Edge Of Love (by John Maybury, 2008 – Ed.) or Watching The Detectives. Is it something that particularly attracts you in a movie?
Yes, there has been a bit of that. I can’t help it, I love playing the guitar or sing (laughs). But it has to make sense within the film. So I wouldn’t take a job just to do that. It has to be a good story. I’ve happened to do it in a couple of films, but that wouldn’t be my reason for taking the film.
I’ve also been offered a few biopics and musicals in the past. I think I’ve been very careful about choosing those. I have a problem with biopics in general, musician biopics, because my opinion is always, “go and listen to the records. They’ll be more interesting than some actor in a terrible wig” (laughs).
For me, watching a Scorsese documentary on George Harrison or Bob Dylan is far more revealing than a proper movie. I think it’s impossible to convey somebody’s whole life in 90 minutes. Maybe if you pick a segment of their life, sometimes it works. But I’ve always been of the opinion that if you listen to the records, or watch a good documentary, it’s better than a fictionalized version of a musician’s life. This tends to be reductive. It never works for me.
Have you ever seen 24-hour Party People (by Michael Winterbottom, movie released in 2002 which tells the story of Manchester music scene through the life of Tony Wilson, creator of famous Factory Records label – Ed.)? It’s a very hybrid movie between documentary, fiction and mockumentary. What do you think about this way of celebrating music?
Yeah, that worked. Again, I’d be very careful about it, but that is a good example, I think, of one that works. But there’s not a lot of them.
First of all, I think you need to be able to play (laughs) ! I hate when guitar players can’t play or sing. You know who was really good? Oscar Isaac in that Coen Brothers movie (Inside Llewyn Davis, 2013 – Ed.). He really played and sang. I thought he was brilliant in that film. I think that’s essentially what you need to know about music to play a musician.
“ In that scene at the end of Sunshine, where the sun is coming towards them and it’s like ecstatic and weird (…), we were listening to a lot of Sigur Ros and really intense classical music insanely loud to try to get that feeling of what that might be like. ”
Going back to what you were saying about having a playlist on Spotify on set this summer, does that kind of playlist also help you build your character’s background, or see the world as he sees it?
Again, it’s more about the feelings, more about the way these songs make you feel. And then using that. In that scene at the end of Sunshine where the sun is coming towards them and it’s like ecstatic and weird, when Robert (the character he plays – Ed.) knows he’s going to die, but actually thinks it’s like some communion with nature, Danny (Boyle – Ed.) was like: “We’ve got to find the most euphoric music to shoot this !” So we were listening to a lot of Sigur Rós and really intense classical music insanely loud to try to get that feeling of what that might be like. That’s how I try to, or how our directors will try to use music.
You’ve acted in movies with great scores – Sunshine, Inception, Broken or Tron: Legacy (by Joseph Kosinski, 2010 – Ed.). Do you pay attention to scores when you sign in for a movie?
It’s the director’s call, who’s going to score the film. But I’m always really excited when it’s somebody that I like. I mean I’m a huge Blur fan, so I thought that was amazing that Damon Albarn did the music for Broken. And I love Daft Punk (who did Tron: Legacy soundtrack – Ed.).
I think the directors need to know how to use music correctly, though. I don’t really like when there’s music all over a film. Then it’s telling you how to feel. I don’t really like that.
I do this TV show called Peaky Blinders (which tells the story of a family gang in Birmingham – Ed.). It’s set in the 1920s in Britain. I remember when they told me they were going to use contemporary music on it – The White Stripes, Nick Cave, Tom Waits, Arctic Monkeys, The Kills : I was like “No! You can’t put contemporary music on period!” (laughs). But then I watched it, and it works. It really really works.
Would you say that this contemporary music helps connect the audience to the show and break the historical barrier?
Yeah, I think you’re probably right. It probably does help. What also helps is the fact that these characters are quite outlaw characters, and the music that the directors have put in it is kind of outlaw, rock’n’roll stuff too, particularly in the second season. I was really happy with the music in that, because it was more like PJ Harvey.
You actually brought Flood (producer of PJ Harvey, Nick Cave, Depeche Mode records, amongst others – Ed.) on board for the soundtrack of the second season, right ?
Yeah, Flood is a good friend of mine. The director (Colm McCarthy – Ed.) loves PJ Harvey, so I said I could maybe ask him. I did, and then he asked Polly, and she said she’d loved to do it, so that’s kind of how it came about (laughs). It’s lovely when that happens.
Well, I helped put them together, yeah, which was nice. And, you know, it got to be PJ Harvey, which was pretty cool. I thought that having a female voice on the second season was really nice as well, because it’s such a brutal show in many ways. I think the contrast does work.
Did you adjust your acting once you knew Peaky Blinders was going to feature contemporary music? Or is it something that you don’t pay attention to?
The latter. That’s all to do with the edit. You have to find the truth in the character onscreen, and then trust the director to cut it, and trust whoever’s doing the score to put it right. In the second season, “Red Right Hand” by Nick Cave became the team track, so that was always sort of a mood. But I’d have to leave that to the director for the cut, really.
No! (He laughs) Because you don’t really know what the opening scene credits are going to be, you know? It would be probably a little risky to start thinking like, I’m going to walk in a certain manner so it’ll suit the song.
Do the emotions you get from a script translate into music in your head? Have you ever thought “oh, that scene would go so well with this song” while reading a script?
I’m constantly going around listening to songs and going “Oh wow, that would be such a great song for a soundtrack“, or “Whenever I direct or write my own film, I’m going to ask this guy to do a soundtrack” or “Wouldn’t that be amazing over this element“. I’m always thinking about it like that, but when I read a script, first, I try to concentrate on if the story makes sense. The music stuff comes later.
Yeah, he’s just actually done one now (Victoria soundtrack, by Sebastian Schipper, released this year – Ed.), so I didn’t get him in time, but Nils Frahm.
We know Nils very well here at Blogothèque! We filmed him for one of our Pocket Parties a while ago. Have you guys ever met?
I’ve been communicating with him over email. I’ve never actually met him but I interviewed him for a magazine. He did a Late Night Tales compilation, and I’m doing the spoken word on it, at the end, written by my friend Enda Walsh. I’ve never seen him live. I just missed him in Dublin. I’ve missed him so many times through work, which is really frustrating, but hopefully, in the future, I will see him live. I have all his albums. He’s really, really special.
It’s not the first time you’ve collaborated with a musician. You got involved in Orbital’s Paul Hartnoll new project, 8:58 – you talk on some of his songs, right? How did this go?
Paul just sent me this piece of text while I was shooting. I didn’t hear the music, he just sent me the text, so I recorded it into my iPhone (laughs) and sent it back as a sort of a demo to say “Look, do you want it like this?” Him and Flood, who produced that record as well, said “We love it, we’re going to put it on!” So it’s just a recording on an iPhone, which is kind of great. Again, I love the way technology can do that nowadays. I just picked a mood for it. Paul wanted it kind of slightly ominous, you know. So it was really quick. And then he cut the song around it, or kind of edited the song around it. I love it because it’s like an old school Orbital dance song. It makes you want to dance.
You were also featured in one of his music videos, “The Clock”. How is acting in a music video different than acting in a movie or a play?
I did a couple of music videos. I did one with Feist for her song “The Water” a few years ago (Cillian also appears briefly in I Break Horses’ “Winter Beats” music video – Ed.) but that was very different. Paul had this idea, and we shot it in one day. There was a lot of silly dancing involved, and I always love dressing up, so it was a bit of fun. I loved Orbital growing up, and I like doing things like that, when you’re friends. Nobody’s doing it to make any money. It’s just about making this little tiny piece to go with this song, and it’s just people who both like each other’s work. We just had a bit of fun and he’s a friend of mine, and I really liked it.
“ I have a long history of trying to make friends with musicians, because I’m just like a groupie. ”
“The Water” must have been a very special experience because it’s not a classic music video: it was directed by a musician, Broken Social Scene’s Kevin Drew, and it’s surprisingly about the absence of music as half of it is silent. How was it to be involved in this video?
Well, the story of that is… (he bursts into laughter). I have a long history of trying to make friends with musicians, because I’m just like a groupie (laughs). Kevin Drew interviewed me for some magazine. I’m a huge fan of Broken Social Scene music, so then, we just became friends. I used to go and see their shows, and we’d meet up after. That’s how I met Leslie, when she was playing with them.
Kevin had this idea for that song. He called me so I just flew to Canada and we shot it. It was kind of a film to accompany the song. It was not really like your classic music video. We had a lovely time out in the snow, shooting it. Kevin is a really good director. He should make a feature film, because he’s that talented. He has all these fantastic stories in his head. He’ll sit you down, drink a bottle of wine, and he’ll just tell you all these different films, scene after scene after scene. He’s a really smart guy. People just didn’t know what to make of this video I guess, because not much happened in it. I think that’s a really beautiful little film.
Yeah, I did. We also listened to it a lot while we were shooting, and we listened to other music as well, like Brian McBride. We were in the woods, in the snow, Kevin had his little boombox, and we were playing this really kind of sad Brian McBride music while we were shooting the scene in which the mother and the son say goodbye to each other. You can’t do that while shooting a film, but the great thing about a music video is there’s never any sound.
And then you went on the other side of the camera to direct Money’s music video, “Hold Me Forever”. Why did this band and this song in particular attract you as a director?
I’ve always wanted to direct a music video. And I was telling that to Simon (Raymonde, founder of Money’s label, Bella Union – Ed.), but I was like, it has to be the right song. Because if I don’t feel strongly enough about it then I don’t want to invest all this time and effort into it. He sent me “Hold Me Forever” and he said : “Well I think you might like this one” This song is so emotional. It blew me away. I couldn’t stop listening to it. So I said “Absolutely, let’s do it” I met Jamie (Lee, Money’s leader – Ed.) and we really got on. I didn’t have an idea at the time, but then I just kept listening to the song, and all of a sudden, I thought about ballet dancers, which is funny because I had never been to the ballet at that time (laughs). I’ve gone since, but I just thought it would be really nice. I called Jamie, and he said he really liked the idea.
Generally I don’t like music videos when the band are in them. I think it’s much more interesting when they’re not. Or if the band are in them, I like when they’re not playing, when they’re actually doing something else. I don’t generally like narrative music videos either. I think it’s better if they’re just images, but that’s just sort of my personal preference.
Anyway, so that’s kind of how it came about. I loved directing this video. I loved going and renting the truck, picking up the cameras, the lights, getting everyone to work for free, going to the edit and going to the grade – all of those things that you never get to see as an actor, because you just turn up, learn your lines, say them, and then go home to your hotel. It was very different.
For me, Money’s songs are both really powerful and intimate at the same time. Was the fact that you chose to film dancers in close-ups a way to recreate the two sides of Money’s music?
Well, I wish I had thought of that (laughs). It makes a lot of sense. I suppose the music was speaking to me like that. When you look at these ballet dancers, they’re so unbelievably strong, but at the same time, they’re so fragile, so small and so delicate. I was fascinated by that. I love close-ups in film. I think it’s so powerful. I can watch close-ups for hours – if you put the camera close up to someone, you can just watch them think or move. I find it really stunning. I’m not really interested in a wide shot, I don’t know why. So it just seemed to work for the song: it’s very much about yearning and longing – I think you get that a lot in performances as well. The song is about reaching for something, and I felt that we’d try and convey that in the dancers. They’re reaching for this kind of perfection, but their bodies are always limiting them, to what they can really achieve.
As a director, did you see the movements of the camera as a kind of dance? Like, it had to have rhythm, just like in ballet?
Yeah, it was very interesting. I wanted the camera to be moving all the time. And then I thought it was very important to cut it with the song, but not like obviously to the song. Do you know what I mean?
Because it shouldn’t be sign-posted or telegraphed. You should let the audience or whoever’s watching it feel it for themselves. You shouldn’t cut straight away on a beat, but to cut off the beat, I think is important.
You should do one of our Take Away Shows! We won’t pay you either and we’ll let you rent the truck and edit the video yourself (laughs)! Well, you never know! Again, it has to be something that I absolutely adore. And then, you have to be able to get on with the band. So yeah, I would like to do it, but the thing is that it takes a lot of time, organizing it.
Oh, yeah, so many. Actually, I think I did a playlist for that Line of Best Fit interview with “Coffee & TV” by Blur, “Lotus Flower” by Radiohead. I love this one in which Thom Yorke is dancing.
Apart from Sigur Ros during the Sunshine shoot, is there a band or a song that you keep going back to and that is linked to a particular movie you did?
It really depends. I love certain albums that remind me of certain films. I kind of curate them for each project. Each has a different playlist or radio station that I make up, so it changes. Recently, I’ve been listening a lot to this Irish band, The Frames, that I used to love growing up. I hadn’t listened to them for a long time. Their songs are really powerful, and it really snaps me back to being 25 again. I like to do that with albums you haven’t listened to for a long time. Then you come back and realize why you loved them in the first place.
If you could get Danny Boyle, he would be great to talk to. He’s one of the guys that I’ve worked with that is unbelievable passionate about music. If you think about the Trainspotting soundtrack and how he used music there… And Danny got Godspeed You! Black Emperor to play the opening sequence in 28 Days Later ! Those guys had never been on a soundtrack before. It was the only time they ever allowed their music to be on a film.
I just saw them play in Dublin a few months ago and they were unbelievable. Five guitarists, two bass players, two drummers… It was a wave, a tsunami of sound. It was beautiful. And they played the track from 28 Days Later (“East Hastings – Ed.) at the start. This film is very special to me. I haven’t watched it in ten years so hearing that track live brought me back. It reminded me how powerful their music is. And then I met them afterward – they were cool guys.
Going back to Danny, he’s got such a brilliant ear for music. He’s made quite a few iconic scenes in cinema, through music. People will never forget Trainspotting. It’s never got old. The last time I watched it, it didn’t seem dated to me at all. It seemed really fresh. So yeah, try to speak to Danny, he’s a busy man but he loves talking about music.
Cillian Murphy will be starring in Matthew Joy new film In The Heart of the Sea on December, 9th, 2015, as well as in Ben Wheatley’s Free Fire, Jozef Gabčík’s Anthropoid, and Peaky Blinders season 3, all expected for 2016.
You can also listen to the mixtape he just did on Fractured Air website for Sounds From A Safe Harbour Festival, curated by The National’s Bryce Dessner (his previous mixtapes are here and here.)
And a big thank you to photographer Richard Gilligan who kindly allowed us to use his beautiful shot of Cillian at the beginning of this article. Go see his amazing work on his website: www.richgilligan.com
US President Donald Trump speaks at a dinner with business leaders at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, August 7, 2018. /VCG Photo
The US-China trade dispute seems to have escalated since July 6, and the US has been “increasing its stakes” by first announcing the imposition of additional 25-percent tariffs on 34 billion US dollars’ worth of Chinese products, and then announcing a further 10-percent increase in tariffs on 200 billion US dollars in Chinese imports. The Trump administration is reported to be considering tariffs on more Chinese goods.
The aggressive attitude of the US appears to show the world its confidence in winning the trade war. However, there are divergent views within the country: the US Congress, the Trump administration, the American business community and the affected states have all voiced their dissatisfaction with the trade conflict and their opposition against Donald Trump’s radical trade policies.
Members of the US Congress are already anxious about Trump’s unpopular protectionist trade policies. In recent days, Republican and Democratic Congress members have frequently voiced their opposition in hopes of reducing the negative impact of Trump’s trade protectionism.
On July 11, the Senate voted 88-11 to constrain Trump’s presidential authority to use national security as justification for taxing foreign goods, which unusually secured bipartisan support. Though non-binding, this effort highlighted the concern of US lawmakers about Trump’s radical trade policies.
It is not just members of Congress who disagree with Trump’s trade policies. Even within Trump’s negotiating team, there is disagreement over whether to launch a trade war.
Wilbur Ross, the Commerce Secretary and a China hand, was believed to be dovish and was openly criticized by Trump for being soft on China. Terry Branstad, currently the US ambassador to China, is also seen as dovish, mainly because he comes from a state that exports large quantities of agricultural products to China and he has maintained friendly relations with the Chinese business community and government. Steven Mnuchin, Secretary of the Treasury who worked at Goldman Sachs, is opposed to labeling China as a currency manipulator and is therefore seen as a centrist.
What’s interesting is that in a statement issued after the US-China trade talks, the White House stressed that the US position was the “consensus” of the negotiating team, while in fact it led to more speculation about the differences within the US team during the talks. Trump has yet to set more strategies on his trade policy toward China because of differing views within the administration, according to Dr. Derek Scissors of American Enterprise Institute.
Opposition to Trump’s protectionist policies in the US business community is particularly strong because vital business interests are at stake. Not long ago, 25 well-known US retailers, including Wal-Mart, Macy’s and Best Buy, sent a letter to Trump, urging him not to impose tariffs on products imported from China so as not to harm the interests of American consumers, especially the working class, and widen the wealth gap.
Forty-five trade associations representing the interests of the US retail, technology, agriculture and other consumer goods industries also said that tariffs would increase the costs of US manufacturing, disrupt the existing supply chain, and reduce the competitiveness of US manufacturing exports, thus affecting employment in the US.
In May, when the Commerce Department launched a Section 232 investigation into imported automobiles and automobile parts, hundreds of American workers employed by foreign automakers demonstrated on Capitol Hill, and about 150 lawmakers from both sides of Congress issued a joint letter opposing the car tariffs.
Not only that, American academics have also taken action. Before the trade war broke out, 1,140 American economists, including 14 Nobel laureates, jointly wrote to Trump urging the president not to repeat the mistakes that had led to the Great Depression.
The US-China Business Council said in a statement that it agreed with the Trump administration that the status of technology transfer and protection of intellectual property rights in China do need to be taken seriously, but that US companies would like to see solutions to these problems rather than unilateral tariffs that are likely to do more significant damage to US economic interests.
Logos of US multinational technology company Apple in Vertou, western France, December 28, 2016 /VCG Photo
Governments of the affected states in the US and lawmakers representing them are worried about their own interests being damaged by Trump’s trade policy. Thanks to their relative independence, the state governments are taking steps to engage China.
On July 11, the same day the US Trade Representative released a tariff list of Chinese imports worth 200 billion US dollars, a Chicago delegation led by Mayor Rahm Emanuel visited China and signed a five-year plan to ensure that proposed investments in Chicago by Chinese enterprises will go ahead as planned. Mr. Emanuel also said in public that he hoped to boost economic and trade cooperation with China.
In Illinois, there are not only multinational companies such as Boeing, Caterpillar, McDonald’s and Abbott, but also more than 50 Chinese enterprises, including China National Cereals, Oils and Foodstuffs Corporation, Bank of China, Hainan Airlines, Fuyao Glass and Wanxiang Group.
Many US states resent Trump’s trade war with China. Michigan (where General Motors, Ford and Chrysler are headquartered), Ohio (where Procter & Gamble and American Electric are headquartered) and California (where Apple and Disney are headquartered) have all criticized Trump’s radical trade policies.
According to a survey conducted by the China General Chamber of Commerce-USA, Chinese investments in the US have created more than 200,000 jobs in Ohio, Indiana, Pennsylvania, Michigan, California and other states. On July 19, 22 governors attended the annual meeting of the National Governors Association of the US, during which they were actively engaged in discussions on how to cope with the trade war and strengthen economic and trade ties with China.
The US-China trade war will have no winners and even cause serious disruption to the global economy. While Trump has taken tough protectionist measures, not everyone in the US is in favor of his policies. To minimize the negative consequences of a trade war, consensus against it can be built up to work with those who oppose the war in the US to turn things around.
First, strengthen the role of Sino-US economic and trade cooperation as a bedrock of bilateral ties and promote consensus among US multinational companies and other interest groups.
American multinational companies have important influence on American politics. By the end of 2017, the US had invested 82.5 billion US dollars and set up 68,000 enterprises in China. The Chinese market has become an important source of growth and profits for US enterprises.
In turn, China can try to create a better environment for foreign investments, continue attracting US multinational companies to invest in China, consolidate the intertwining Sino-US economic and trade relations, and strengthen the role of Sino-US economic and trade cooperation as a bedrock of bilateral ties.
China can enhance communication with the US government through American multinational companies, trade associations, think tanks, social organizations and other entities. Furthermore, it can also get in touch with US multinational companies hurt by the trade war, to know their losses, build consensus with them and feed their opinions back to the US decision-makers, so as to resolve conundrums in Sino-US economic and trade relations and get both sides back on the track of dialogue and negotiation.
Second, strengthen provincial/state cooperation in various fields, and set up a Sino-US provincial/state government infrastructure cooperation fund.
American states and cities have a high degree of decision-making power on their own economic affairs, and have maintained close economic exchanges with China, which will be a strong supporter of positive interaction between China and the US and a firm instrument for stabilizing bilateral relations. China can encourage its provinces and cities to strengthen cooperation with their US counterparts, hold annual Sino-US governors’/mayors’ summits, establish platforms and mechanisms for cooperation, and set up a Sino-US provincial/state government infrastructure cooperation fund.
The Chinese side should fully recognize the similarities and differences in the logic of political operation between the two countries, and make good use of them. In the context of Trump’s tax cuts and the quantitative easing tapering policy adopted by the Federal Reserve in the US, the need for investments, particularly those from China, will be more pressing for US state governments.
Dr. Wang Huiyao is president of the Center for China and Globalization(CCG), the largest independent think tank in China, with over 100 researchers and members of staff.
Every Chinese person knows about the gaokao. Just mention the national college entrance exam in a crowded room and watch as people recall the tears, smiles and hard work they endured.
According to official statistics, more than 70 percent of project leaders working at key national research projects are overseas returnees. A large number of academicians at Chinese Academy of Sciences and at China Academy of Engineering are overseas returnees.
Today, China is the world’s number one economy by purchasing power parity and the second-largest by official exchange rate. China is not merely the largest manufacturing and largest trading country, it is the world’s largest consumer market, and largest trading partner of more than 120 countries.
He Weiwen, deputy director of the Beijing-based Center for China and Globalization （CCG） and a former diplomat, said China faced challenges in treating foreign companies fairly and it would take time to restore their confidence.
The US should not perceive China as a rival and should stop hyping the rhetoric to gain military and political mileage, experts warned following US President Donald Trump’s first State of the Union address.
CCG is a think tank dedicated to the areas of Global trade & investment, Global migration, Global governance,Global affairs, Global talent policy.
Be sure to subscribe and listen to the other interviews as well! More exclamation points!!!! More!!!!!!!!!! Bold this time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Design Intercourse podcast is now on iTunes! If you’re a regular podcast listener, you can now subscribe!
A long in progress typeface that attending this Year’s TypeCon finally inspired me to complete. It will definitely be released in 2015. Definitely. Like, I’ll eat a shoe if it isn’t. Well, maybe not a whole shoe. Let’s just say the tongue of a very soft leather boot. Uhhhh…better yet, the tip of a suede moccasin shoe string. Just the tip, though. Okay?! See—that’s how serious I am about this. I WILL EAT THE TIP OF A SUEDE MOCCASIN SHOE FOR YOU TO EXPRESS MY LEVEL OF COMMITMENT.
What else this year? New illustration/comic work! Pixel Punch! And also Comedy Adventures x2. <—More on that later! 😉
Since I am absolutely terrible at writing regular blog posts, you should check me out on Twitter where I’ve been serving up bad puns and useless information since 2009.
We’ve all had ’em. Projects we’ve spent a lot of time on that never see the light of day. This was one of them.
I can at least say that I am happy with how it turned out. And yep, I’m still using my own custom typeface here as well.
A couple of years ago, at least four ancient codices in Coptic and Greek surfaced on the international art market. Various rumours about it circulated online (recorded below). The exact whereabouts of all these is a matter of doubt.
The backstory is quite incredible. All of them were found in Egypt and exported by Cairo dealer Hannah, who offered them in Switzerland in 1983 for the staggering figure of $3m, and in 1984 imported them to the USA. They then sat in a bank vault in New York until 1989, when James M. Robinson made an attempt to rescue them. We have counts of leaves from this stage of the deal. This sale failed; they were then bought in 1999 by Swiss dealer Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos. Mrs. N. entrusted them to US dealer/philanthopist Bruce Ferrini. Ferrini broke up the manuscripts and sold bits individually. But since his cheques to Mrs N. had bounced, Mrs. N. repossessed what was left. One codex containing the ps.Gospel of Judas was then placed in the hands of her lawyer, Mario Roberty, and his Maecenas Foundation. The two did a deal with the US National Geographical Society, which is publishing all of this codex.
1 (Codex Tchacos) 25 ff + 10ff in fragments 4 gnostic texts written in the Sahidic dialect of Coptic:
2 55+ ff - the 'Book of Exodus' in Greek. 4th c. Last leaf and colophon present. Large sections of two quires (ca. 30 leaves per quire), plus hundreds of fragments. Highest page number seen is 141. See Matthew Hamilton's and Ernest Muro's notes below, and the summary of the article from VT. Bruce Ferrini seems to have turned it into single pieces of papyrus which he sold ad-hoc. New further info.
3 30 ff - 'Letters of Paul' -- Colossians, 1 Thess. Hebrews (colophons for all these) and Galatians -- in Sahidic dialect. Includes 1 cover and spine. ca. 400 AD. 24x16cms. Page numbers at top. Highest number seen is 115. Frame ruled in pink chalk; many of the leaves complete or nearly so Best info is from Stephen Emmel's report. Stated in 2000 that had already been sold by Bruce Ferrini. New further info.
Now in Augsburg, apart from 2 leaves still in Ferrini's hands (in the receiver's lockbox) -- see the note by Ernest Muro.
4 12+ ff - 'Mathematical Treatise' in Greek cursive hand. 5th century. Broken up by Ferrini and sold by 2000 to at least two collectors, 'Mr. A.' (owner of the Archimedes palimpsest) and Lloyd Cotsen. Mr. A. has 8-10 leaves; Mr. Cotsen gave his to Princeton University.
The contents of Codex Tchacos will all be published in a critical edition. While two of the texts are already known from the Nag Hammadi find, the new manuscripts should help to fill gaps in the text. However there
The other manuscripts, unfortunately, have all gone astray. If you know where any of them are, please tell me!
Summary of material from David DeSilva and Marcus Adams. "Seven Papyrus Fragments of a Greek Manuscript of Exodus." (9th June 2006)
Summary of data from James M. Robinson, "The secrets of Judas"; Stephen Emmel's report from 1983 (28th April 2006)
Van Rijn offers emails between people working for Ferrini and Ferrell concerning Exodus fragments. (21st April 2006)
James M. Robinson describes how Rudolf Kasser and Marvin Mayer were involved with a monopoly on the Jung codex [separate page]
This page is intended to draw all these together and add more as and when necessary. It is quite likely that some of the statements made reflect the imagination of journalists, honest mistakes, or misinformation by those who wish to obscure the origins of the artefact; the author of much of this material, Michel van Rijn, believes he has himself been misled at various points by some of those involved.
I have simplified the formatting of material from Michel van Rijn's site, which contains so much information that it can be hard to find the material solely on this find. We all owe him a substantial debt of gratitude for publicising this material. His focus is on the art black-market, so I have omitted material unlikely to be of interest to manuscript enthusiasts. Full versions are available at Michel's site. (News pages here) (Note that google do not display Michel's site in their results!)
[Ferrini really did keep a lot of the Gospel of Judas -- his bits sent to Cairo] (29th October 2010)
I just received offprints of an article published in the first volume of Mohr Siebeck's new journal Early Christianity (link HERE). The article is a preliminary report written by Herbert Krosney, Marvin Meyer, and Gregor Wurst about the status of the OHIO fragments of the Gospel of Judas. In the first part of the article, Krosney explains the court battle over the OHIO fragments and their photographs which were analyzed by Gregor Wurst who recognized that they contained the balance of the Gospel of Judas, allowing us to read 90-95% of it.
According to Krosney's account, the fragments have made their way to Egypt in April 2010 and are under the care of Dr. Zahi Hawass who did not want the fragments to go to Switzerland for conservation first. The rest of the Tchacos Codex remains in Switzerland in the hands of the Maecenas Foundation who is now in a financial battle with Mrs. Frieda Nussberger.
The rest of the article is a sketch of the contents of the fragments and a preliminary transcription and translation based on photographs of the fragments possessed by Nussberger. There has been no distribution of the photographs to scholars other than Meyer and Wurst as far as I know. There is mention that Wurst and Meyer are consulting with the administration in Egypt in order to discover how to proceed in the critical publication of the fragments.
In the journal "Early Christianity" (Mohr Siebeck, vol. 1/2 of 2010, pages 282-294) is an article by Herbert Krosney, Marvin Mayer and Gregor Wurst called "Preliminary Report on New Fragments of Codex Tchacos". I have no idea of which part of the codex the fragments are from or if there is any mention of texts other than Gospel of Judas and am unable at this stage to view the article.
It turns out that Ferrini did indeed hold out on Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos. During the bankruptcy proceedings, he produced a folder full of extra pages of the Gospel of Judas manuscript! These were handed over to Gregor Wurst, and transcribed and translated. The estimate is that nearly the whole text is now known.
It seems that the manuscript containing the Coptic letters of Paul was sold "over a year ago" and is now in Augsburg, being conserved by Gregor Wurst. This from Evangelical Textual Criticism:
Along with Codex Tchacos (= the Gospel of Judas Codex), two other codices were found. One of these contained the Pauline Epistles. This codex was sold about a year and a half ago and has been sent to Augsburg to be restored by Gregor Wurst. Apparently, it is also Sahidic with considerable Middle Egyptian influence.
A picture has apparently been published of one side of a relatively intact leaf of Colossians in Ink and Blood Dead Sea Scrolls to the English Bible. Is there anyone out there who can send me a scan of the photo from this publication? The pamphlet was created as part of a traveling exhibition. cha25 [a] cam.ac.uk
I had not noticed that Robert Kraft had placed online an account of his attempts to recover some of the find from Bruce Ferrini's sales on eBay. It's here; and I've mirrored it here. The story is most interesting!
Collector Ernest Muro (see below) died over a year ago. It seems that he had acquired some small fragments of the find of manuscripts, primarily from sales of the same by Bruce Ferrini on eBay. These are now being sold again on eBay by the executor of his estate Carl Middleton. There are tiny bits of the Gospel of Judas, and of the Greek Exodus, and also of the Coptic letters of Paul.
In March 2008, the auction of Bruce Ferrini's property was in progress, via Akron lawyer Scott Haley who was receiver of the bankrupt art-dealer. See this article for details of the sales, which excluded "A batch of biblical artifacts that includes fragments from the Book of Exodus and the Letter of Paul to the Colossians. It also includes part of the controversial Gnostic manuscript known as the Gospel of Judas" because of questions about ownership, then sub judice.
From the ads I learn that at http://ngm.nationalgeographic.com/ngm/gospel/magnifier.html there are a few pages of the gospel of Judas manuscript, with a "magnifier" feature.
There are four books now published. The Critical Edition, plus the original three. The first three are 'authorised'. The discovery and restoration of the manuscript is in H.Krosney, The Lost Gospel : The Quest for the Gospel of Judas Iscariot. The English translation and notes are in R. Kasser, The Gospel of Judas. An unauthorised story about the financial skullduggery surrounding the text is found in J.M.Robinson, The Secrets of Judas.
If you go to ftp10.nationalgeographic.com you will find what look like a complete set of images of the reconstructed pages of the Codex Tchacos, containing the Gospel of Judas and 4 other texts, all in colour and excellent quality.
No doubt these are not meant for public viewing, and indeed now that we have a critical edition, perhaps of limited interest other than to specialists. But I hope National Geographic will make them available online permanently.
I noticed in Detlef Fraenkel's edition of "Verzeichnis der griechischen Handschriften des Alten Testaments" (Gottingen: Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, 2004), pages 447-448, a reference to 10 fragments of the Exodus manuscript.
On another matter, online there is an article by Henk Schutte, "Perkamentsnippers op E-Bay het Judas-evangelie na de hype", with a photograph of a fragment of the Gospel of Judas. The PDF is here at Livius.org.
Well, it seems that the long awaited critical edition of the Gospel of Judas slipped out in the summer, unbeknownst to me, and, it would seem, unknown to most people judging from the number of reviews on Amazon. It's edited by Rudolf Kasser. It also includes an edition of the Letter of Peter to Paul and James and the Book of Allogenes; in short all the contents of Codex Tchacos.
I've had a very interesting email which tells me that fragments of the find are now being fought over in court (First Merit Bank vs. Bruce Ferrini). Here are some of the details. The wording is mine, and of course as with everything on this page, remember that we don't have the full story!
All of Ferrini's stated inventory is now tied up in receivership. He borrowed against a lot of material that he had on consignment but told the bank he owned. The bank is now trying to sell this material, and those who own it naturally are objecting!
One case relates to a dealer who had claim to ownership of about a third of some very small Dead Sea Scroll fragments in Hebrew, Aramaic and Greek (none identified). The dealer has now entered a claim that First Merit does not have the right to sell or auction material that Ferrini does not own, regardless of what he told them -- and that they should have checked before lending money against inventory.
Frieda Tchacos and Mario Roberty have filed a joint claim regarding some fragments of the LXX -- no doubt the Exodus -- which again do not belong to Ferrini but which the bank want to sell.
Material in general of Ferrini's inventory is probably heading toward auction. It seems doubtful that Sotheby's and Christie's would ever go near anything ever associated with Ferrini, because there are a lot of pieces in his stated inventory with conflicting ownership claims.
First Merit Bank wants to sell of his inventory of course and recoup what they can on a bad loan, but they're finding it's not all that straightforward. Some pretty high profile folks are stepping up to say what's rightfully theirs.
the Ink & Blood website now acknowledges that their leaves are from the same manuscript as the Schoyen leaves
there is a possibility that there might be additional fragments presently with Lee Biondi. On his website he mentions that he has 4th century Septuagint fragments for sale, but doesn't mention what book of the Septuagint these are from. Biondi was once a partner with Bruce Ferrini, and whereas Ferrini has a poor reputation, Biondi has a good reputation.
[PS. 12th September 2007. Lee Biondi has contacted me to say that in fact he returned the fragments to Ferrini, and indeed that these are now the subject of court action against Ferrini by someone who claims to own them.]
Michel van Rijn has written to me to say that the Fondation Bodmer (who hold the Bodmer collection of New Testament papyri) own four leaves of Codex Tchacos. I have written to them to enquire what they contain, and where they came from. Thank you for the tip-off, Michel!
The Yale Papyrus Collection at the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library has in its possession a leaf from the LXX Exodus codex that was once part of the Geneva Wares of 1983. It is cataloged as P.CtYBRinv.4475 and can be accessed at their web site: http://beinecke.library.yale.edu/papyrus/
Except for some good images, surprisingly very little information is given in the database. There is no indication of chapter and verse, just the dimensions and the number of lines of text. The acquisition group for this leaf, being 1996b, is interesting, because the items were acquired in 1996 from Gallery Nefer, which was owned by Frieda Tchacos-Nussberger.
With the aid of my computer, I learned that the text is Exodus 6:12-20 on the recto and 6:20-27 on the verso. I have updated my list that appears on the web at http://www.breadofangels.com/geneva1983/exodus/index.html. I am now able to account for 20 leaves from the Exodus codex.
The Yale leaf follows four that are in the possession of Martin Schoyen and precedes the one that is owned by Francois Antonovich of Paris. A fifth leaf in the possession of Schoyen follows the Antonovich leaf. Because the Schoyen leaves were exhibited in Oslo in 1998, all seven of these leaves (Schoyen, Yale, and Antonovich) appear to have been acquired prior to the acquisition of the Geneva Wares by Tchacos-Nussberger in 1999 and 2000 as popularized in a variety of ways in April of this year.
(Note that Martin Schoyen does not believe that his leaves come from the same codex). The most interesting aspect of this report, if correct, is that the leaves were acquired by Yale before Frieda obtained the mss. from Hanna. This all suggests that another Exodus codex may be in question.
I have recently heard from the Cotsen library at Princeton, who hold part of the Greek Mathematical treatise broken up by Bruce Ferrini. Andrea Immel writes:
The mathematical treatise in question was recently gifted to the Cotsen Children's Library by the donor, Lloyd E. Cotsen. It consists of three large fragments of papyrus leaves: 1: 25.5 x 14.5 cm.; 2: 26.5 x 13.5 cm.; 3: 25 x 14.5 cm. Each leaf is extremely fragile: there are holes, frayed edges and discoloration. There are no photographs available at this time.
Michel van Rijn has published on his website three documents which reveal the state of the 4 codices at an uncertain date, but prior to 2003, when they were in the hands of Bruce Ferrini! This includes the first detailed descriptions of the other three codices! Michel writes:
...whilst staying for three months in Bruce Ferrini's mansion in 2003, being an inquisitive archivist, your bible-sleuth gleaned all material relating to the Bible Book of Exodus, The Mathematical Treatise, The letters of Paul and the currently world infamous--or is it blasphemous?-- Gospel of Judas. Presently the academic world ... is wondering how many pages and fragments Bruce 'Scissorhands' Ferrini stole, when he had all these sacred goodies in his possession in late 2000.... it is a good time to publish the complete inventory with the original condition report of the entire cache, from Ferrini's own records. [Ferrini wrote:] "We have seen this papyrus, handled it, and hold portions of it."
The first text is a fax of typescript. This suggests to me that it must predate the fax stamp of 2003, and belongs to an era when word-processors were not as omnipresent as today. Is it really possible to date it much later than 1990 at the latest? It appears to be a report by a scholar on the whole find. Note that there is no mention of the damage caused by damp during the long stay in the US vault during the 1990's, which suggests that it predates that stay:
Extensive fragments, perhaps as many as several hundred pieces, of a papyrus manuscript containing the Greek text of the biblical book of Exodus. The script suggests a fourth or fifth century date for the writing of the book. The last leaf, with the colophon, is present. The fragments are wrapped in a bundle of paper and include several large sections of two quires (ca. 30 leaves per quire) and hundreds of fragments varying in size from a nearly full leaf to a thumbnail. No traces of the binding, other than parchment sewing guards on one gathering and a few pieces of sewing cord, are preserved. Page numbers survive on a few pieces, ranging as high as 141; it is not unlikely that there are portions of that many leaves among the fragments and that a substantial part of the text is preserved, although this is impossible to determine in the current state of the manuscript. The text appears to include many variants from the standard edition of the Septuagint, and some of these variants are recorded as Hexapla readings, suggesting that this manuscript is of considerable importance for the textual study of the Old Testament. Biblical papyri are very rare and highly sought after.
At least 17 substantially complete leaves (including one complete bifolium) of a mathematical text, dealing with geometry (the measuring of triangles and liquid volume, among other things), and hundreds of small fragments. There are numerous drawings, some mathematical and related to the text, others appear to be purely decorative (crosses). Extensive searching indicates that the text cannot be identified with any known extant mathematical treatise from antiquity. The script suggests a fourth or fifth century date. No trace of the original binding is present, but the bifolium has sewing holes that show that the book was originally stab sewn. The text has sections on practical mathematics, e.g., how to determine surface and volume. It may be a text for teaching practical mathematics. No similar manual survives otherwise from Antiquity, and this one will be of great interest to documentary papyrologists, as well as to historians of mathematics. The large leaves of this manuscript were placed in the front of the volume of Pauline letters (item 3), with which they have no relationship. They do not belong to that binding, as the leaves are larger than that binding. This manuscript is unique and of great importance for the history of mathematics in antiquity.
Pauline letters in Sahidic dialect of Coptic, 4th or 5th century (maybe slightly earlier). Leaves approx. 24 x 16 cm, frame ruled in pink chalk; many of the leaves complete or nearly so. Page numbers run as high as 115, but there are not that many leaves present. Portions of Thessalonians, Colossians, and Hebrews (there are colophons present for those three) and Galatians have been identified. There are many leaves more or less completely preserved, and hundreds of small fragments. One cover from the original binding is present, and portions of the spine. The board is made of papyrus cartonage, and includes inscribed papyrus, some of it literary, some of it documentary. It could provide clues to the date and origin of the binding. Ancient New Testament manuscripts are very rare, and are the most valuable (in market terms) of ancient papyri.
A composite volume of at least three Coptic texts, in Sahidic dialect: the First Apocalypse of James, the Epistle of Peter to Philip, and the Gospel of Judas. The first two were first discovered and published from Nag Hammadi codicies (codex V and cpdex VIII, respectively), and the Nag Hammadi manuscript in each case is the only one known till now. The Nag Hammadi codices are defective and the present codex fills some of the gaps in the text of the Nag Hammadi manuscripts (so some of the text present here is unique). These are very brief works, of only a few pages each. The third work is apparently much longer and is totally unknown to the modern world. The portion of it that could be read (from the very end of the work) suggests that the whole text is a dialogue between Jesus and Judas Iscariot, ending with a report of Judas’ betrayal. A work called, as this one is in the colophon, the Gospel of Judas, is mentioned by the second-century writer Irenaeus in his treatise on heretics. His description of the contents seems to match what can be read of this manuscript. There are at least 50 pages of the manuscript either substantially complete or represented by major fragments (page numbers are preserved at the top of most leaves), but the pages are badly deteriorated and impossible to turn at the moment without breaking off further pieces. There are also hundreds of small pieces already broken off. Colophons or titles exist for all three works. It is not impossible that there are other texts intervening between the end of the Epistle of Peter to Philip and the beginning of the Gospel of Judas. The papyrus is, in general, in brittle condition and desperately needs conservation. Portions of the original binding are present and contain inscribed cartonnage. This is unquestionably the most important of the four manuscripts, equivalent in importance to the Nag Hammadi books.
For each of the four codices, there were fragments, large and small, mixed in the bundles with the other manuscripts. The storage of the manuscripts was clearly disorganised, and fragments of all four books got mixed together. Many of these have been moved to folders, identifying which book they belong to (and which they came from).
The second document -- clearly part of a longer document, and mainly reproducing material above -- is word-processed and clearly dated to 2001:
At least 17 substantially complete leaves (including one complete bifolium) of a mathematical text, dealing with geometry (the measuring of triangles and liquid volume, among other things), and hundreds of small fragments. There are numerous drawings, some mathematical and related to the text, others appear to be purely decorative (crosses). Extensive searching indicates that the text cannot be identified with any known extant mathematical treatise from antiquity. The script suggests a fourth or fifth century date. No trace of the original binding is present, but the bifolium has sewing holes that show that the book was originally stab sewn. The text has sections on practical mathematics, e.g., how to determine surface and volume. It may be a text for teaching practical mathematics. No similar manual survives otherwise from Antiquity, and this one will be of great interest to documentary papyrologists, as well as to historians of mathematics as well as to historians of the volume of Pauline letters (item 3), with which they have no relationship. They do not belong to that binding, as the leaves are larger than that binding. This manuscript is unique and of great importance for the history of mathematics in antiquity.
(Note that the words in italics are handwritten and labelled "Bruce’s changes 8/22/00" in the margin)
Over the last few days, August 25 - September 4, 2001 , Bruce Ferrini and Lee Biondi have discussed and begun actual writing of a book length non-fictional work on several aspects of "The Gospel of Judas Iscariot".
"The Gospel of Judas Iscariot", one of the so-called "lost books" of early Christianity, was referred to in Irenaeus and was known to exist in the 2nd Century but has been lost to the world since that time.
A 4th Century Coptic papyrus of the Gospel of Judas Iscariot, apparently complete, or near-complete was in Mr. Ferrini’s possession in late 2000.
We have seen this papyrus, handled it, and hold portions of it. On our behalf, Dr. Charles Hedrick has begun to transcribe and translate some of the most readily legible portions of the text. On September 4th we contacted Thomas Harris regarding advice and thoughts on appropriate representation. The several aspects of the work which, Bruce Ferrini and Lee Biondi are now writing, include:
1) The text itself: photographs and translations of the text that they can make available, its intrinsic importance, and its status as heresy. Perhaps this text is the ultimate heresy as its author/protagonist committed the ultimate heretical act in the betrayal of Jesus Christ.
2) The history of the text during its lifetime amid the exciting, confusing, and seminal development of early Christianity and the ultimate formation of the Christian church during the 1st-4th Century.
3) The modern history of this papyrus; its serendipitous discovery in the Egyptian desert in the early 1980’s, it’s subsequent sub rosa existence in Egypt, Greece, Switzerland, New York, Connecticut (Yale University), Akron, Ohio, and it’s ultimate return to hiding in Switzerland. Its story is filled with naïfes, thieves, smugglers, fences, powerful dealers, powerful lawyers, eminent scholars, etc.
Thanks to Michel for letting me know about this new info, and to Steven Goranson for independently emailing me.
There is no new 'news' about the ps.Gospel of Judas. The Greek Mathematical treatise remains in limbo, as neither Alexander Jones nor Roger Bagnall is actively working on it. The letters of Paul manuscript remains the one about which nothing seems to be being said (unfortunately Gregor Wurst did not respond to my email). Matthew Hamilton has continued to work on the Exodus manuscript, and has reconstructed tentatively one of the pages. He also has sent in some images found on the web (but now vanished).
[Summary of material from David DeSilva and Marcus Adams. "Seven Papyrus Fragments of a Greek Manuscript of Exodus."] (9th June 2006)
This article appeared in Vetus Testamentum Vol. 56, No.2 (April 2006). Wieland Willker kindly sent me a copy from which I abstract the following.
The article publishes 7 fragments of a Greek manuscript of Exodus. The ms. is papyrus, reportedly from Egypt, written in the mid-fourth century AD. The writing is "expert uncial" with scribal marks and nomina sacra.
Fragment 2 = Exodus 10:12-15, verso 10:17-22. (171mm x 75 mm) This offers the first sight of the "scribe's right hand margin." Contains a supralinear correction in a different hand.
These seven fragments come from a sufficiently early manuscript to show considerable independence of both Alexandrinus and, more surprisingly given its greater antiquity, Vaticanus.
This all sounds very like the manuscript that passed through Bruce Ferrini's hands; and clearly was dismembered by him.
deSilva and Adams in their Vetus Testamentum article focus on the text variants, but [don't go into detail on] the codicological aspects of the fragments. Reconstruction of the fragments suggest that the fragments come from pages with typically about 33 or 34 lines per page, and 19 or 20 letters per line.
Schoyen's denial that his (and Antonovich's) fragments are from the same codex [is interesting], as the fragment on his website shows a page with about 32 lines and 19 letters per line - almost exactly the same as the fragments published by deSilva and Adams. It is possible and it would be good if it were so, but what is the chance of two papyrus codices of Exodus from the mid 4th century with similar codicological features, appearing on the market at the same time, especially as Schoyen sourced his Exodus fragments from Bruce Ferrini who was also the donor of the Exodus fragment to Ashland Theological Seminary? It seems like quite a coincidence.
I haven't done a proper reconstruction yet and checked against the typological standards set out by Turner, but it looks like the page sizes given in Schoyen's website and reconstructed for the fragments in deSilva and Adams are about the same. Of course this could be due to common factors (of mid 4th century Egypt) producing common page sizes.]
I have had an email from Ernest Muro about the location of various leaves of the Exodus and Paul. He has been looking at catalogues of the "Ink and Blood" exhibition and media photographs of the leaves held by the receiver for Bruce Ferrini.
I am happy to announce the tentative results of my efforts to compile a list of leaves in the "Exodus" and the "Letters of Paul" codices that were briefly examined in a Geneva hotel room on May 15, 1983. I have called these items the "Geneva Wares" as the eyewitness report by Steve Emmel is one of the few reliable sources pertaining to these manuscripts.
I have uploaded these two lists to my web site. They can be accessed at http://www.breadofangels.com/geneva1983/index.html
There are 19 leaves for the Exodus codex that I have been able to verify and 2 such leaves of the codex containing the Letters of Paul. As for the Exodus codex, I have yet to verify the existence of: 12:19-29; 12:45-13:7; and 35:21 as shown on your web page. I would appreciate any details or contact information in this regard. ... [Rather than post Ernest's email address, direct the queries via me and I will pass them on--RP]
The present whereabouts of these manuscripts is another matter. Two of the Exodus leaves are currently on display in the Ink and Blood exhibit at Daytona Beach, Florida. Some of the Exodus and Pauline leaves are currently in a safe deposit box in Akron, Ohio.
His calculations of what exist are on his website. Note that Martin Schoyen reckons that Ms 187 in his collection is NOT part of our Exodus Ms.
Note also the publication Mr Muro gives: David DeSilva and Marcus Adams. "Seven Papyrus Fragments of a Greek Manuscript of Exodus." Vetus Testamentum Vol. 56, No.2 (April 2006), which I have not seen (but see above, 9/6/6). Are we sure that it is part of our Ms?
I am of the opinion that all of the 19 leaves in my list were once part of the same codex, including those belonging to Martin Schøyen. If you scroll down your web page to the picture of the papyrus fragment that appeared in the St. Petersburg Times, you will notice a diple (or perhaps a paragraphus) in the left margin near the bottom followed by the Greek word "de." If you look at the picture of MS 187 at Schøyen's web site, you will find a similar diple which is also followed by the word "de." Also note the similar script.
Herbert Krosney, on page 162 of "The Lost Gospel" relates the acquisition by Martin Schoyen of certain "biblical" leaves that were offered with the Coptic codex. He adds that Schoyen was a "master" at such dealings, whereby James Robinson was not.
Also, keep in mind the fact that the picture of MS 187 at Schoyen's web site depicts 3 leaves, one atop the other. Two of them contain text from the 5th. chapter of Exodus. These two leaves are items 9 and 10 in my list.
Krosney has tracked the back-story very far indeed. About 50% of the book is devoted to explaining various matters -- there is a chapter on how the Egyptian illegal art market works, for instance --, but the remainder is essential reading, and cannot be adequately summarised here. But the most interesting part is that the find was split by some Greek traders who had stolen it; and that various photographs exist from various stages, including from before it left Egypt! Tracking these down would be well-worth someone's while.
Codex Tchacos was found, according to peasants, in a cave located in the Jebel Qarara hills across the river from Maghagha, not far from the village of Qarara, in Al Minya province. Villagers stumbled across the cave hidden down in the rocks. Inside was the skeleton of a wealthy man in a shroud; other human remains were also present. Next to the skeleton was a white limestone box, which contained "books." The villagers contacted a local coptic scout for the Cairo "jewelers" (dealers in precious objects) and garlic farmer named 'Am Samiah' (a pseudonym). He was illiterate, but was brought to see the find. There were two caskets near the entrance. The first was a sarcophagus containing a skeleton, along with some Roman glass flasks in a wrapping of straw or papyrus. (p.9-10) [The narrative is a little unclear as to whether the skeleton in the shroud was in the first casket, or whether this was a further burial -- RP] This information comes from an Alexandria resident 'Joanna Landis' who visited Maghagha in 1978 looking for folk-art pieces and contacted 'Am Samiah', who told her of the find and that he had recently sold the find. She was taken by him to the place where the find had been made, with the help of one of 'Am Samiah's good friends, 'Mahmoud', a moslem and a "worker in a government office near Maghagha" who had a small car. After crossing the Nile by boat they walked up to a 'fortress-like building' and then on into a set of unknown catacombs in style like those in Alexandria. 'Am Samiah' told her that the books had been found in these (p.23-24). [It is left unclear whether she saw the exact site, but presumably not, from the next piece--RP]. 'Am Samiah' died soon after. 27 years later 'Joanna' attempted to pin down the exact locale, and was able to contact 'Mahmoud' again by phone, who told her about the cave, a number of baskets with Roman glass flasks inside, which had been sold in the big city markets in Cairo and Alexandria. A further group of villagers had entered the cave after the texts had gone and removed further 'materials.' But on meeting 'Mahmoud' became evasive, asserted that everything had been plundered, expressed his fear of the police, and 'Joanna' never saw the real finding place.
'Am Samiah' sold the papyri to a Cairo dealer, 'Hanna Asabil' (a pseudonym again, but the first name -- which only means 'John' -- is probably genuine), and they travelled wrapped in newspaper. Hanna told a number of stories about where the books had been found. One story involved claiming that they had been passed down in his family. Another resembles that of the Nag Hammadi find. Another comes through Italian papyrologist Manfredo Manfredi, who knew Hanna in the early 1970's, who was told that the papyri were found in a closed room, probably a tomb, in Hermopolis (10 miles south of Al Minya). In May 2004 Hanna remnisced that a number of mss had come into his hands, some in Greek, some in Coptic (although it is questionable whether Hanna could tell the difference); those in Coptic he said were found near Maghagha, probably in the Jebel Qarara hills just across the river; those in Greek were found in or around Beni Hassan. Whether any of these stories are true may be questioned.
Another 'business associate' of Hanna named 'Boutros' claims that an unnamed associate of Hanna visited 'Am Samiah' in October 1981; two months later he was offered 'the codex' [Krosney's accounts veer between singular and plural erratically--RP]; the associate then sold 'the books' to Hanna. (p.32-33) Hanna paid LE 8,000 for what he called 'the book' [around $2,400 -- RP].
Hanna claims to have been robbed of all his stock -- not just the mss -- by some Greeks whom he had dealt with, who exported it. A Greek trader, Nicholas Koutoulakis, who had some associations with the robbers, later arranged for the return of the mss, but not the other items. [The details of all these murky transactions are in Krosney, but omitted here -- RP] Hanna had approached Yannis Perdios who approached Koutoulakis.
Perdios gave large colour (so p.166) photographs of middling quality of the papyri to Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos in summer 1982, so she could approach possible buyers. [Where are these photos now? - RP] It is unknown how many photos there were, or who took them, but they were probably taken in Egypt. Nothing came of this attempt to sell. Perdios also approached papyrologist Ludwig Koenen in late 1982 and sent him a set of photographs similar to those shown to Frieda. Koenen then assembled a team of 3 other scholars, who met with Hanna, who tried to sell the mss for $3m. One of these was Stephen Emmel (as the representative of James M. Robinson), whose report is below. David Noel Freedman and Astrid Beck (both involved with the Anchor Bible Dictionary) were the others. [Did these all see the photos? Where are these photos now? -- RP]
The photos that Frieda had were shown to Jiri Frel at the Getty museum in California, who told her to talk to Roy Kotansky, then a PhD student for classical Greek. Kotansky managed to give a general description of the two documents written in Greek and made preliminary transcriptions of all texts that could be read from the photographs. He was confident that a few passages came from the Book of Exodus, in the LXX. His conclusion about the mathematical treatise: "The larger codex written with a later, Greek cursive looks to be a set of prescriptions, but as I say, this is just an off-hand guess for now." Kotansky then wrote to Frieda that he had sent the photos to Friel. (p.166-7) [Where now are these transcriptions and details? And the mathematical codex in 1982 was 'the larger codex'?? -- RP]
After importing the mss to the USA, Hanna contacted dealer Hans P. Kraus. Kraus' daughter Maryann Folter, Roger Bagnall and a US Coptic priest as interpreter met with Hanna that year to discuss a purchase. Hanna was now asking $1m. No sale resulted.
In 1999 Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos was approached by a Greek speaking with a rough village accent who said that he had an ancient ms. He sent photographs to her, and she sent these to Robert Babcock, a curator at the Beinecke Library at Yale. These seem to have been in Coptic, and were a small number (unspecified) of pages. The photos showed the pages against a Greek newspaper dated 1982. Frieda bought the pages for $25,000. The seller seems to have been the boyfriend of 'Mia' (or 'Effie' or 'Fifi') a former girlfriend of Koutoulakis who may have gone into business for herself when Hanna was robbed (pp.168-9). This was before Frieda bought the bulk of the material from Hanna (whom she had known in the 1970's) in 2000. [This suggests that other pages may still be in circulation, and that the process of dismemberment precedes Bruce Ferrini -- RP]
Frieda then offered the mss to Yale. There they were seen by Babcock, and by Bentley Layton, Harry Attridge and Roger Bagnall. They were still in three containers at that point (p.205).
After Yale refused to buy them, citing questions of ownership, Frieda learned through Bill Veres, a London antiquities dealer, of Bruce Ferrini, who was being backed by James Ferrell.
As Ferrini's financial difficulties increased, he sold the mathematical treatise through Sam Fogg of London to a US citizen who wants to remain anonymous but owns the Archimedes palimpsest. Fogg engaged Alexander Jones, a Canadian scholar specialising in ancient scientific texts, to publish it in collaboration with Roger Bagnall in 2008. (p.226)
Ferrini also sold at least three pages of the mathematical treatise separately to philanthropist Lloyd Cotsen, who donated them to Princeton University. Cotsen bought them directly from Ferrini, but had them shipped direct to Princeton rather than to himself, according to Lyn Tansey of Cotsen's office. At Princeton it came under the control of the curator of manuscripts, Don Skemer [an error: it is actually under the control of the curator of the children's library, Dr. Andrea Immel--RP]. Jones visited Princeton in autumn 2005 to examine these pages and reported that they belonged to the same treatise. (p.226-7)
As it became clear that Ferrini had sold material separately, Ferrini blamed Bill Veres, who denied it in a letter of 2004.
In January 2006 a substantial part of two pages of the ps.gospel of Judas 'surfaced', identified as pages 5 and 6. These had been supplied by Ferrini to a private collector in New York, after Frieda had taken possession of the codex.
In November/December 2005 Bill Veres was contacted by unnamed people who claimed once to have worked for Ferrini, and said that they had documents and photographs of Ferrini's archives and secret deals, suggesting that they had copied Ferrini's hard disk. This included pictures of the ps.gospel of Judas, which had been supplied to Hedrick. Between 60 and 90 images had been supplied. This information came to van Rijn, who communicated it to Roberty, who contacted Hedrick via his US lawyer (Ferrini had undertaken to ensure no copies existed except those given to Frieda). Attempts to pressure Hedrick proved fruitless, but Hedrick proved to be very willing to supply Kasser with copies of all the photos he had and to cooperate. The material that Hedrick had supplied to van Rijn was published on the latter's website, but Hedrick says that he did not give permission for publication.
Note that this is a very condensed summary of points mainly relating to photographs, and the book is an essential purchase for the full story and context.
[Summary of data from James M. Robinson, "The secrets of Judas"; Stephen Emmel's report] (28th April 2006)
Much of the book is directed at those new to the subject. Important information for long-term readers:
Bruce Ferrini sent Charles Hedrick 164 "very dismal photographs", 10 professionally made photographs and 24 made with a regular camera. Hedrick transcribed and translated what he could from 6 pages that were more legible than the rest. (p.129) n.12 adds that the information comes from two emails from Hedrick to Robinson in early 2006).
Hedrick circulated these transcriptions and translations to Nag Hammadi colleagues -- Birger A. Pearson, John D. Turner, Douglas M. Parrott, Wolf-Peter Funk, Hans-Gebhard Bethge and Robinson. Hedrick "received from most a series of suggestions for improving both the transcription and the translation. The outcome of this collaboration has been, most recently, a much improved transcription and a German translation by the group in Berlin led by Bethge, and a corresponding translation by Steven Patterson. ... It is to be regretted that this familar kind of collegial sharing and cooperation, characteristic of the study of Nag Hammadi by those not part of the Nag Hammadi monopolies, has not been shared, in the case of The Gospel of Judas, by those who have ---- a monopoly on it!"
Hedrick has a numeration system for discoveries; the Berlin gospel 22220 ('Gospel of the Savior') is E34.
By Dec, 15 2000, Ferrini had sold the Mathematical ms and the Letters of Paul, and at that date he agreed to pay Frieda $300,000 for them. The Exodus ms., codex Tchacos, and "not expressly mentioned further fragments" were to be returned to Frieda, in exchange for the cheques that Ferrini had given her.
Roberty was briefing van Rijn; there are references to something being sold by Ferrini through Sam Fogg to Lord Thompson of Fleet for $900,000.
"Coptic manuscript discoveries are taking place in Egypt on an almost regular basis" (p.102) and n.15: "Listed in my foreword to the reprint of W. E. Crum, "A coptic dictionary". Eugene, Ore.: Wipf and Stock Publishers, 2005. It is on seven unnumbered pages prior to Crum's preface. The foreword is being reprinted in Coptica, journal of the Saint Mark Foundation and Saint Shenouda the Archimandrite Coptic Society, Los Angeles, 2006, forthcoming."
Robinson publishes Stephen Emmel's report from 1983 (pp.117-120). Steven Emmel was one of those who saw the manuscripts for half an hour in 1983. Robinson prints this, and it gives us some solid info on the Letters of Paul codex:
The collection of papyri being offered for sale consists of four separate manuscripts, and possibly fragments of some others. A system of numeration and designations was agreed upon with the owner and his intermediary for referring to the four manuscripts, as follows:
The material was being stored in three cardboard boxes lined with newspaper. Items 1, 2, and 4 were each in a separate box, with the fragments of item 3 mixed together with items 1 and 4. This report is concerned only with the Coptic items, mainly with item 2, briefly with item 3.
Item 3 is fragments of a papyrus codex from the 5th (possibly 4th) century AD containing at least some of the letters of St. Paul. The leaves are approximately 24 cm tall and 16 cm broad. The scribe outlined his writing area with pink chalk. His handwriting is cursive in style, as though somewhat quickly written. The pages are numbered above the center of a single column of writing, the highest page number observed being 115. There are some nearly complete leaves of the codex preserved, and many smaller fragments, which might be reassembled into at least a sizeable portion of the codex. There is also part of a leather binding (either the front or the back cover, including the spine, lined with scrap papyrus) which probably, though not certainly, belongs to this codex. The contents identified with certainty are Hebrews, Colossians, and 1 Thessalonians. The texts are in a non-standard form of the Sahidic dialect.
Certainly the gem of the entire collection of four manuscripts is item 2, a papyrus codex from the 4th century AD, approximately 30 cm tall and 15 cm broad, containing gnostic texts. At the time that the codex was discovered, it was probably in good condition, with a leather binding and complete leaves with all four margins intact. But the codex has been badly handled; only half of the leather binding (probably the front cover) is now preserved and the leaves have suffered some breakage. The absence of half of the binding and the fact that page numbers run only into the 50's lead me to suppose that the back half of the codex may be missing; only closer study can prove or disprove this supposition. The texts are in a non-standard form of Sahidic.
The codex was inscribed in a single column in a large and careful uncial hand. Page numbers were placed above the center of the column and decorated with short rows of diples [hatch-marks] above and below. At least pp. 1-50 are represented by substantial fragments which, when reassembled, will make up complete leaves with all four margins intact. The portion of the leather binding preserved is lined with cartonnage, layers of scrap papyrus glued together to form a kind of cardboard. At least some of this cartonnage is inscribed, offering hope that the date and location of the manufacture of the codex can be determined with some precision once the cartonnage has been removed and studied.
The codex contains at least three different texts: (1) "The First Apocalypse of James" known already, though in a different version, from Nag Hammadi Codex (NHC) V; (2) "The Letter of Peter to Philip" known already from the NHC VIII (in the new manuscript this title, [in Coptic] TEPISTOLH MPETROS SHAFILIPPOS, is given as a subscript [cf. the superscript title, slightly different, in NHC VIII 132:10-11] accompanied by decorations to fill out the remainder of the page on which the text ends); and (3) a dialogue between Jesus and his disciples (at least "Judas" [i.e., presumably, Judas Thomas] is involved) similar in genre to "The Dialogue of the Savior" (NHC III) and "The Wisdom of Jesus Christ" (NHC III and the Berlin Gnostic codex [PB 8502]).
The leaves and fragments of the codex will need to be conserved between panes of glass. I would recommend conservation measures patterned after those used to restore and conserve the Nag Hammadi Codices (see my article, "The Nag Hammadi Codices Editing Project: A Final Report," American Research Center in Egypt, Inc., Newsletter 104 [1978] 10-32). Despite the breakage that has already occurred, and that which will inevitably occur between now and the proper conservation of the manuscript, I estimate that it would require about a month to reassemble the fragments of the manuscript and to arrange the reassembled leaves between panes of glass.
According to the owner, all four of the manuscripts in this collection were found near the village of Beni Masar, about 8 km south of Oxyrhynchus (modern Behnasa). It is difficult to know how seriously to take such information. Study of the cartonnage in the two surviving covers will probably provide more certain information as to the provenance at least of the manufacture of the codices.
The owner asked $3,000,000 for the entire collection. He refused to consider lowering his price to within a reasonable range, claiming that he had already come down from $10,000,000 in negotiations with one previous prospective buyer. He also refused to discuss the prices of the four individual items separately. He would like to sell all four manuscripts together, but probably will sell them individually if necessary.
I strongly urge you to acquire this Gnostic codex. It is of the utmost scholarly value, comparable in every way to any one of the Nag Hammadi Codices. Like them as well, it is one of the oldest specimens of a book in codex form; the fact that part of the cover is also preserved is a remarkable stroke of luck. There is great danger of further deterioration of the manuscript as long as it is in the hands of the present owner. This unique item must be put as quickly as possible into the hands of a library or museum where it can be restored, published, and conserved.
I have now received my copy of the three volumes above. Rudolphe Kasser's essay contains much detail on the recovery process; would that this was more often available for mss.
The entire text of the codex Tchacos will be published in a critical edition with facsimile full-size colour photographs and translations into English, French and German. This will also include photographs of the fragments which the researchers were unable to place in sequence.
pages 10-32: a text entitled "James", which is a version of the First Revelation of James from Nag Hammadi codex V.
The manuscript is split across the middle, about a third of the way down the page, seemingly from being folded, and text lost at the join. Most of the text is on the lower portion, but there is a page number in the upper part. More has been lost from this area around the fold since Stephen Emmel first saw it in 1983, but not hugely so. The pages are numbered, which means the sequence of the upper half of each page is clear. Between 1983 and 2001 someone rearranged the bottom halves out of order.
Because of the split, portions can be missing. Page 31/32, with a colophon on it reading "James" 'appeared mysteriously in the catalogue of a roving religious exhibition in the USA, showing a page that should be numbered [32]".
When found ca. 1978 it was probably in good condition with complete leather binding and all four edges of leaves. It had deteriorated by 1983.
Now only a single cover is present and the page numbers run only into the 50's, suggesting that the rear portion of the codex has been detached.
Hannah stored the ms in a bank vault in NY, in humid conditions until 2000 when he sold it to Frieda Nussberger. When Bruce Ferrini acquired it he froze it. The effect of this on the damp leaves was to weaken them to crumbling point. It also made the water in the leaves gather at the surface, bringing pigment with them and darkening them to near-illegibility.
Ferrini made photos of many pages, which he supplied to Charles Hedrick. When he agreed to return the ms to Frieda Nussberger, he undertook to return the whole ms, plus all photos and transcriptions. But this he did not do. Hedrick was able to supply Rudolphe Kasser with photos, a transcription and translation of pp.40, 54-62. These images appeared on the internet (see below).
The Exodus codex: Besides the parts known of from the Ink and Blood exhibit, and the Schoyen Collection (and those in the Antonovich Collection mentioned in the Schoyen Collection website), it appears there is a fragment in the Ashland Theological Seminary. See David A. deSilva, "An Introduction to the New Testament: Contexts, Methods & Ministry Formation", page 808. The same book includes on page 43 a fragment belonging to "a private collector".
Various web reports on the Exodus fragments at Ink and Blood [as well as at "From The Dead Sea Scrolls to the Bible in America" and "Dead Sea Scrolls to the Forbidden Book"] have been accompanied by photographs of some of the leaves, here are the references of some of them - note that the web addresses may no longer be active?
-Was at http://tennessean.com/local/archives/03/03/29817803.shtml?Element_ID=29817803. "It will be on display April 6-29 in Murfreesboro along with some of the Dead Sea Scrolls and a large collection of other artifacts from early Judaism and Christianity. Some fragments of the scrolls were also displayed yesterday, along with a fragment of a page from an early bible in Greek."
“Exhibit opens eyes to pages of Bible history”, by M.J. Park, The St. Petersburg Times Online, (14.1.2006)
The Schøyen Collection: Checklist of 600 Manuscripts Spanning 5000 Years, 20th ed., internet ed., by M. Schøyen and E.G. Sørenssen
Dead Sea Scrolls to the Forbidden Book: A History of the Bible, [by Lee Biondi?] ([Dallas?]: HisStory, 2003) (also now offline)
Email by Gary Dykes to TC-List (no longer an active list), of 6 July 2003, and email by Gary Dykes to myself, of 2 August 2003, with attached photographs, refers to Ex.12:19-29,30-41,45-13:7; 35:21
I have copied various images off the web, as well as some images provided by Gary Dykes (and I can't recall which are which, or the sources of some of these images). If you need copies, I will try to forward these to you after I have checked with Gary Dykes, or you may want to contact Gary Dykes yourself. His email is (or was in 2003) garyandgale_at_ earthlink.net
Besides Gary Dykes, another person who may be able to provide some details is David A. deSilva, who is (or was in 2004) at Ashland Theological Seminary with email ddsilva_at_ashland.edu and was planning to publish their fragment, as well as Lee Biondi, who advised me in 2003 that the Schøyen, Antonovich and "Dead Sea scrolls to the Forbidden Book" fragments were from the same MS.
My apologies for not being able to provide more details of contents, but I have not had time over the last 3 years to compare the contents of the images (web, email and catalogue) with a standard Septuagint edition, I am not sure that the summary list is either as correct or as complete as it could be.
Van Rijn offers the following emails between people apparently with addresses at Ferrini and Ferrell. The majority of the material concerns various disputes, but this one is of interest:
In preparation for our meeting on Wednesday and so that our attorney can finalize descriptions of the items to be included in the settlement, I'd like to have faxed to me on Monday descriptions and provenance for ...[various items]
I am assuming the 10 sets of ancient writings, the Exodus fragments, the marzeah Papyrus and Dead Sea fragments are exactly as described in the books you gave us.
An Akron lawyer is trying to pay bankruptcy debts of an art and antiquities dealer. Thursday he offered a glimpse
of several small, brown bits of papyrus that may be part of the roughly 1700-year-old Gospel of Judas.
The items may have historical and religious significance. Scott Haley's court-appointed task is to pay Ohio collector Bruce Ferrini's creditors.
Whether the fragments that ended up in a bank vault in downtown Akron are genuine remains in question.
Haley said he has no immediate plans to go through a time-consuming, expensive authentication process. He also said he wants to draw attention to Ferrini's assets, but hopes the fragments will not have to be sold and can be returned to him.
An ancient text about Judas was preserved and translated by a team of scholars, then made public by the National Geographic Society about two weeks ago.
The announcement drew worldwide attention, telling a far different version than that in the four Gospels in the New Testament.
[From CentreDaily.com via Michel van Rijn] History, faith meet in Akron bank vault: Ancient text from Gospel of Judas may be part of local collection. Tue, Apr. 18, 2006. By Bob Dyer. Beacon Journal staff writer
If you haven't been following the story, National Geographic helped fund a mission by an international team of experts to authenticate, translate and preserve the only known copy of the Gospel of Judas, an ancient book based on the life of Jesus' least popular disciple.
The short version is this: The manuscript was discovered in a cave in Egypt in the 1970s and wound its way through antiquities dealers in Europe and the United States before being purchased in 2000 by Bath Township resident Bruce Ferrini.
Ferrini is an internationally known art dealer who filed for bankruptcy last September. He bought the ancient book, known as a codex, for $2.5 million. But because of his failing finances, the deal fell through.
Ferrini was at least $4.6 million in debt last year, according to court filings, and creditors began to battle for his holdings. Akron attorney R. Scott Haley was appointed to catalog and assess Ferrini's possessions.
In 2001, when the sale fell apart, Ferrini supposedly returned the whole codex to its previous owner. But according to Haley and National Geographic, which photographed the Akron pieces in February, a significant portion of the gospel remained in Ferrini's possession.
Ferrini referred a phone call to Akron lawyer Morris Laatsch, who said Ferrini returned everything he was given by the previous owner, and questions whether the National Geographic experts are correct.
"There's more than one series of writings," Laatsch said. "The Gnostics apparently wrote lots of things. Possibly this could be from this same document. But if the experts do say it is, I guess perhaps you can rely on them or not rely on them."
The delicate fragments are inside a special vault at FirstMerit. Only the bank has the combination to an outer vault, and only Haley has the combination to an inner vault.
The Akron fragments are stored in 26 plastic folders, each about the size of half a standard envelope.
Traditional Christian belief has it that Judas, a disciple of Christ, betrayed him, turning him over to Roman authorities for execution. This new account argues that Judas was actually Jesus' closest disciple, and that the only reason Judas blew the whistle was Jesus asked him to.
Christian scholars are widely split in regard to the potential religious impact of the discovery. Some believe the name Judas may no longer be synonymous with "traitor." Others say the find will have little impact. But the historical value is unquestioned.
The papyrus manuscript survived -- just barely -- because it lay untouched for 1,600 years in a limestone box in a desert cave. It almost didn't survive because it also spent 16 years in a safe deposit box in Long Island, N.Y.
Ferrini didn't do it any favors, either, according to one account. The Associated Press reported that he damaged it by storing it in his freezer.
"You can't believe how much I regret having sold it (to Ferrini)," European dealer Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos told the AP.
Haley first realized what he was dealing with when a lawyer for Nussberger-Tchacos and the Maecenas Foundation in Switzerland, a partner in the National Geographic project, contacted him to say part of the codex was missing and probably in Ferrini's possession.
Haley invited the lawyer and National Geographic to view the material in February. National Geographic photographer Kenneth Garrett -- the same person who shot the King Tut exhumation for the society last year -- photographed both sides of every fragment. He was assisted by a document-handling expert from Switzerland.
Ferrini's lawyer said Nussberger-Tchacos signed a document in 2001 saying the material had been returned, and questions her credibility, pointing out that she was once detained by Italian authorities in connection with a smuggling case.
That's one reason Yale University officials passed up a chance to buy it after authenticating it immediately before she sold it to Ferrini.
Ferrini is "not saying they are or they're not," Laatsch responded. "They're from that era... and very well could be part of the Gospel of Judas -- or may not be."
Even if they are, he said, they were obtained in a different transaction and do not belong to Nussberger-Tchacos.
The Gospel of Judas was written about 300 A.D. It is in Coptic, an ancient Egyptian language that uses modified Greek letters.
A codex is a book that consists of folded pages bound on one side. They were easier to manage than scrolls, and found favor with people writing scripture.
In 2009, the codex will be returned to Egypt, where it will be displayed at the Coptic Museum in Cairo.
Ferrini made front-page news in 2002 when he pledged to donate $6.8 million to Kent State University, the largest gift in the school's history. But, as the school acknowledged in December, he never gave Kent any of that money.
Scissorhands Ferrini is claiming to have bought the remaining fragments of the Judas Gospel and Exodus from Paris based gentleman-dealer Guy Ladriere, bottom of the deck dealer Francois Antonovitch and Napoleon Bonaparte ;-).
We at the Institute of the Terminally Maladjusted foresaw Ferrini's BS cover up acquisition story; so we pulled the magic carpet on his Gospels and fables.
I am now travelling in the country and can't have directly a look on my mails so I asked my staff to print your photos and faxed them to me at my hôtel and had a look on yesterday late evening.
I can AFFIRM and CLAIM ( if it is "claimed" with the other part) I NEVER saw these fragments, never bought them and NEVER SOLD THEM TO Ferrini.
I don't know how this man can claim he bought them from me. I never deal with this kind of "coptic" fragments.
To complete, the two leaves I sold to Ferrini, coming from Antonovitch, were TWO painted miniatures on velum, representing two seated Apostles, of Byzantine type, something very classical, XIIth century, nothing to compare with the fragments you sent to me.
James E. Ferrell has been in contact with me. There have been rumours that Bruce Ferrini sold him some of the pages of the Exodus manuscript. I asked him about these, and he kindly gave me permission to upload his response:
Dear Mr. Pearse, I am afraid I have no knowledge of these items. In fact I had never heard of them until reading about them in the book. ... You can only hope that all the notoriety surrounding the Judas Gospel will bring someone forward. I wish you all the best in your search. J. Ferrell
I've heard from Mario Roberty of the Maecenas Foundation. He confirms that the Foundation only holds the codex Tchacos, and not the Exodus or Letters of Paul. He adds:
Our plan was to publish the critical (scientific) edition of the whole Codex first or at least simultaneously with the two publications now presented by the National Geographical Society. The reason why this didn't happen was that during the last few weeks we obtained access to some important fragments Ferrini had sold and others that are now in the hands of the Receiver in Ferrini's bankruptcy case. It would be a pity not to include the info contained in these fragments in the scholarly publication which will therefore be a few months late and published this summer. Due to Robinson's ... book ..., we were forced to start going public with what we had ready.
I don't think that any of us will care about a six month delay; after all, what else could they do? But it is good news that Roberty &c are hot on the trail of the material dispersed by Bruce Ferrini.
[From National Geographic]. More on how the Gospel of Judas got to us. (14th April 2006) By Andrew Cockburn. (Excerpts)
The documents survived unmolested through centuries of war and upheaval. They remained unread until early May 1983, when Stephen Emmel, a graduate student working in Rome, got a call from a fellow scholar, who wanted him to travel to Switzerland and check on some Coptic documents on offer from a mysterious source. In Geneva, Emmel and two colleagues were directed to a hotel room where they were met by two men—an Egyptian who spoke no English and a Greek who translated.
“We were given about half an hour to look into what were effectively three shoe boxes. Inside were papyri wrapped in newspaper,” says Emmel. “We weren’t allowed to take photographs or make any notes.” The papyrus was already beginning to crumble, so he did not dare touch it by hand. Kneeling beside the bed, he gingerly lifted some of the leaves with tweezers and spotted the name Judas. He mistakenly assumed the name referred to Judas Thomas, another disciple, but he did understand that this was a totally unknown work of great signiﬁcance.
One of Emmel’s colleagues disappeared into the bathroom to negotiate a deal. Emmel was authorized to offer no more than $50,000; the sellers demanded three million dollars and not a penny less. “No way was anyone going to pay that money,” says Emmel, now a professor at the University of Münster in Germany, who sadly recalls the papyrus as “beautiful” and laments its deterioration since the meeting. While the two sides lunched, he slipped away and frantically noted down everything he could remember. That was the last any scholar saw of the documents for the next 17 years.
According to the present owners of the Judas gospel, the Egyptian in that Geneva hotel room was a Cairo antiquities dealer named Hanna. He had bought the manuscript from a village trader who made his living scouting such material. Exactly where or how the trader had come across the collection is unclear. He is dead now, and his relatives in the Maghagha district, a hundred miles (160 kilometers) south of Cairo, become strangely reticent when challenged to reveal the site of the ﬁnd.
Soon after Hanna acquired the manuscript and before he could take it overseas, his entire stock disappeared in a robbery. In Hanna’s telling, the stolen goods were spirited out of the country and ended up in the hands of another dealer. Later Hanna succeeded in retrieving part of the hoard, including the gospel.
Once upon a time, few would question how a priceless antiquity left its host country. Any visitor could simply pick up artifacts and send them abroad. That is how great museums like the British Museum and the Louvre acquired many of their treasures. Today, antiquities-rich nations take a more proprietary attitude, banning private ownership and strictly controlling the export of their heritage. Respectable buyers such as museums try to ensure a legitimate provenance, or origin, for an artifact by establishing that it has not been stolen or illegally exported.
In early 1980, when the theft took place, Egypt had already made it illegal to possess unregistered antiquities or export them without a government license. It is not clear precisely how this law applies to the codex. But questions about its provenance have shadowed it ever since.
Hanna, however, was determined to get top dollar for it. The academics in Geneva conﬁrmed through their excitement that it was indeed valuable, so he headed for New York to ﬁnd a buyer with real money. The foray came to nothing, whereupon Hanna apparently lost heart and retired back to Cairo. Before he left New York, he rented a safe deposit box in a Citibank branch in Hicksville, Long Island, where he parked the codex and some other ancient papyri. There they remained, untouched and moldering, while Hanna intermittently tried to interest other buyers. His price, reportedly, was always too high.
Finally, in April 2000, he made a sale. The buyer was Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos, an Egyptian-born Greek who had made her way to the top of the cutthroat antiquities business after studying Egyptology in Paris. She will not divulge what she paid, conceding only that a rumored ﬁgure of $300,000 is “wrong, but in the neighborhood.” It occurred to her that the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale University might be a possible buyer, so she deposited her wares with one of the library’s manuscript experts, Professor Robert Babcock.
A few days later, as she was heading out of Manhattan to catch a flight to her home in Zürich, the professor phoned. His news was explosive, but it was his excitement, audible even on a cell phone in the din of Manhattan rush-hour trafﬁc, that Frieda Tchacos remembers best. “He was saying, ‘This is unbelievable material; I think it is the Gospel of Judas Iscariot,’ but I really only heard the emotion vibrating in his voice.” Only later, in the long hours over the dark Atlantic, did Tchacos begin to appreciate that she actually owned the fabled Gospel of Judas.
Greeks talk about moira—fate—and in the months that followed, Tchacos began to feel that her moira had become entangled in a terrible way with Judas, “like a curse ” The Beinecke held on to the document for ﬁve months but then refused to bite, despite the vibrating Babcock, largely because of doubts about its provenance. So Tchacos turned from the Ivy League to Akron, Ohio, and an opera singer turned dealer in old manuscripts named Bruce Ferrini.
Her rejection by Yale had been disheartening, and the trip to Akron was a nightmare. “My flight from Kennedy was cancelled, so I had to fly from LaGuardia on a little plane. I had the material carefully packed in black boxes, but they wouldn’t let me carry them into the cabin.” Judas flew to Ohio in the hold. In return for Judas and other manuscripts, Ferrini gave Tchacos a sales contract with a Ferrini company called Nemo and two postdated checks for 1.25 million dollars each.
Ferrini did not return numerous phone calls seeking his version of the story. But people who saw the Judas manuscript while it was in his possession say that he shuffled the pages. “He wanted to make it look more complete,” suggests Coptic expert Gregor Wurst, who is helping to restore it. More fragments were coming off.
Tchacos had begun having qualms about the deal within days of returning home. Her doubts increased when a friend named Mario Roberty pointed out that nemo is Latin for “no one.”
Roberty, a quick-witted and engaging Swiss lawyer, knows the world of antiquities dealers and runs a foundation dedicated to ancient art. He was, he says, “fascinated” by Tchacos’s story and happily agreed to help her reclaim Judas.
Ferrini’s huge checks were due at the beginning of 2001. To help keep pressure on the Akron dealer, Roberty enlisted the antiquities trade’s own weapon of mass destruction, a former dealer named Michel van Rijn. The London-based van Rijn runs a wide-ranging website that is totally uninhibited in flaying his many enemies in the antiquities world.
Briefed by Roberty, van Rijn broke the news of the gospel, adding that it was “in the claws of the ‘multi-talented’ manuscript dealer, Bruce P. Ferrini,” who was in “deep ﬁnancial troubles.” In stark terms, he warned potential buyers: “You buy? You touch? You will be prosecuted!”
As Roberty cheerfully recounts, deploying van Rijn “worked, quite decisively.” (More recently, van Rijn changed tack and began ﬁercely attacking Roberty and Tchacos on his site. “I think he’s used up all his ammunition,” says Roberty serenely.) In February 2001, Tchacos reclaimed the Judas codex and brought it to Switzerland, where, ﬁve months later, she met Kasser.
At that moment, she says, Judas turned from curse to blessing. As Kasser began painstakingly teasing the meaning of the codex from the fragments, Roberty embarked on an imaginative solution to the provenance problem: selling the translation and media rights while promising to return the original material to Egypt. Roberty’s foundation, which now controls the manuscript, has signed an agreement with the National Geographic Society.
Relieved of her marketing concerns, Tchacos has herself begun to sound a little mystical. “Everything is predestined,” she murmurs. “I was myself predestined by Judas to rehabilitate him.”
On the edge of Lake Geneva, upstairs in an anonymous building, a specialist carefully manipulates a tiny scrap of papyrus into its proper place, and part of an ancient sentence is restored.
I have today heard that the codex of the Greek Exodus, and the codex containing the Letters of Paul, were recovered by Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos from Bruce Ferrini, and are still in her possession. It seems that Ferrini may have 'misappropriated' and sold leaves from some or all of these.
I have been doing some digging, and emailing some of the people who might know something about the 3 missing codices, or have handled them. The following comments have emerged. As ever, while I am sure that everyone is sincere, not everyone may be accurately informed. I have suppressed names in the interest of keeping the information flowing! Here are a few quotes from various sources.
My first quotation is from someone who warned me that it was hearsay. But it's better informed hearsay than I have found elsewhere.
Everything except the so-called mathematical codex is in the hands of the Swiss foundation. Ferrini sold off the math codex in fragments, but I think most of it (I dare not say all) wound up in two collections, one a private collector in (I believe) Baltimore, the other the Lloyd Cotsen collection of children's literature in the Princeton University Library. It was a truly despicable act to break it up in this fashion.
"It has been said" (by whom?) that all four were found together. But I am inclined to be skeptical about such a claim, unless there is irrefutable evidence for it. This question was not raised in 1983, and I have not read Herb Krosney's book to see what he has to report from his investigations into the provenance.
None at this juncture. For the Judas-Codex, wait for the critical edition that will appear within the next 6 months or so. For the others...?
I had not known that National Geographic were taking an interest in these other mss. Is that correct?
pp. 10-32 The (First) Apocalypse of James (just entitled James), a duplicate of the Nag Hammadi tractate. Both will provide invaluable info about how to fill lacunae, and since both are different translations from the Greek, they will help us understand and reconstruct the text.
and then pp. 59-66 a previously unknown Gnostic tractate that they have entitled the Book of Allogenes, which obviously features that
[From the New York Times (Free registration required)] How the Gospel of Judas Emerged. (April 13, 2006) By Barry Meier and John Noble Wilford. Elisabetta Povoledo contributed reporting from Rome for this article.
This interesting article raises questions of ownership and commercial issues about the codex which have been omitted. But it adds the following details which clarify some of the relationships and name some of those involved. RP.
When the National Geographic Society announced to great fanfare last week that it had gained access to a 1,700-year-old document known as the Gospel of Judas, it described how a deteriorating manuscript, unearthed in Egypt three decades ago, had made its way through the shady alleys of the antiquities market to a safe-deposit box on Long Island and eventually to a Swiss art dealer (Frieda Tchacos Nussberger) who "rescued" it from obscurity. ...
After she failed to profit from the sale of the gospel in the private market, she struck a deal with a foundation run by her lawyer that would let her make about as much as she would have made on that sale, or more. Later, the National Geographic Society paid the foundation to restore the manuscript and bought the rights to the text and the story about the discovery. As part of her arrangement with the foundation, the dealer, Frieda Tchacos Nussberger, stands to gain $1 million to $2 million from those National Geographic projects, her lawyer said. There may even be more.
According to National Geographic, (the manuscript) was found by farmers in an Egyptian cave in the 1970's, sold to a dealer and passed through various hands in Europe and the United States. ...
Terry Garcia, the vice president for mission programs at National Geographic, which is based in Washington, said that the organization had "heard some rumors" about possible legal problems involving Ms. Tchacos Nussberger but could not confirm them. For her part, Ms. Tchacos Nussberger rejected any suggestion that she was trying to profit from the Gospel of Judas.
"I went through hell and back, and I saved something for humanity," Ms. Tchacos Nussberger said in a telephone interview. "I would have given it for nothing to someone who would have saved it."
(National Geographic) did not buy the document. Instead, it paid $1 million to the Maecenas Foundation, effectively for the manuscript's contents. Part of the revenues generated by the National Geographic projects go to the foundation.
The foundation was set up some years ago by Ms. Tchacos Nussberger's lawyer, Mario Roberty, well before it became involved with the Gospel of Judas. Mr. Roberty is the only official of the foundation, which he said was involved in projects like returning antiquities to their countries of origin. He said that when Ms. Tchacos Nussberger turned over the document to the foundation in 2001, he quickly contacted officials in Egypt and assured them that the manuscript would be returned there. He said the foundation had clear legal title to the document.
In National Geographic's narratives, the manuscript takes a long journey through the antiquities trade. Those stories describe Ms. Tchacos Nussberger efforts to sell the Gospel of Judas privately soon after buying it and her subsequent role in its restoration. She is portrayed as driven by religious conviction to save the document.
"I think I was chosen by Judas to rehabilitate him," Ms. Tchacos Nussberger, 65, is quoted as saying in one of the society's books, "The Lost Gospel," by Herbert Krosney. Mr. Krosney is also an independent television producer who brought the gospel project to National Geographic. ...
According to National Geographic, she bought the Judas document for about $300,000 in 2000 from another dealer who had placed it in a safe-deposit box in Hicksville, N.Y., on Long Island. She tried to sell it to the Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale University.
Yale officials have not specified why they did not buy the document. But Robert Babcock, curator of early books at the library, said through a spokeswoman that "there were unresolved questions about the provenance."
Then in 2001, Ms. Tchacos Nussberger sold it to an antiquities dealer in Ohio (i.e. Bruce Ferrini -- RP) for $2.5 million, but the deal fell apart when the dealer did not make good on the payments.
Aided by her lawyer, Mr. Roberty, she regained ownership of the document and at his suggestion turned it over to the Maecenas Foundation. Under the deal, she is entitled to receive a sum from revenues generated by the Gospel of Judas essentially equivalent to what she would have received from the Ohio dealer, minus the value of several pages of the manuscript that dealer bought. In addition, she is entitled to get back about $800,000 she lent to the foundation for expenses like legal costs and early restoration efforts, Mr. Roberty said. Mr. Roberty said the foundation had already started paying money to the dealer, but he declined to say how much she had received to date.
I have been corresponding with various people who tell me that the following texts were each in separate manuscripts:
Ever on top of the news, Michel has today added to his site the following press release, with the qualification that M. Roberty has denied it:
MvR doesn't vouch for the accuracy of this French press release, mais on sais jamais! ... Mario Roberty denies the news and claims to have still physical possession of the Gospel… Who is right? ...
LE CAIRE, 12 avr 2006 (AFP) - L'Egypte a récupéré un manuscrit en papyrus datant du IIIe ou IVe siècle et contenant la seule copie connue de l'Evangile selon Judas, l'apôtre qui a trahi Jésus, a annoncé jeudi le Conseil supérieur des antiquités égyptiennes (CSAE).
Welcome to the Utila, located in the beautiful Bay Islands, Honduras. Home to Alton’s Dive Center, your portal to some of the best diving in the Caribbean. Bordering the Meso-American barrier reef system, (the 2nd largest reef in the world after the Australian Great Barrier…
The beautiful reef around Utila is home to scattered sheltered coves which are ideal for the first few dives that you will be making as an open water scuba diver student. At Alton’s Dive Center our experienced and easy going instructors will guide you step…
Dive Further With The Advanced Course Utila is home to a huge variety of dive sites, which makes the island a great place to take your Advanced Open Water course. From deep dives (to a maximum of 100ft/30m) such as Black Hills or wreck dives…
Becoming a Rescue Diver is an important and crucial transitional step where you will start looking beyond purely recreational diving. You will expand your diving knowledge and experience, and learn to look beyond yourself to the safety and well being of other divers.This very enjoyable…
Do your no-decompression limits stop you from staying under as long as you would like? Then welcome to one of our most popular specialties – the Enriched Air Nitrox course. Diving with enriched air nitrox lets you safely extend your no stop time beyond the…
Welcome to Alton’s Dive Center Divemaster Training The most complete Divemaster Training in the Honduras Bay Islands. Considering a move to the professional level of diving clearly means that you are a motivated and enthusiastic diver. You will find professional training both challenging and rewarding…
Seal Team Aqua Missions The PADI Seal Team is for young divers who are looking for action-packed fun in a pool by doing exciting scuba AquaMissions. Have you ever wondered what it’s like to dive with flashlights, take digital pictures underwater or float effortlessly…
After your first few scuba dives you soon want to explore a bit deeper. There’s something exciting and mysterious about the depth that attracts divers. The Deep Diver Specialty opens up diving opportunities all over the world. You will learn techniques for diving in the deeper range of 18-40…
Underwater photography is one of the most popular diving specialties, and the rise of digital underwater photography has made it easier and more fun than ever. This is why there are actually two PADI underwater photography courses. The PADI Digital Underwater Photographer course gets you…
Spend time around water and sooner or later, you come across someone who lost something underwater. If you’re looking for the challenge and excitement – along with doing your good deed for the day – the Search and Recovery Diver Specialty course is for you.…
Step into a whole new world and watch the reef come to life under the glow of your dive light. The adventure, thrill and excitement of night diving can be yours when you complete your Night Diver Specialty course. You learn about night dive planning,…
Peak Performance Buoyancy Float effortlessly, drifting over reefs. Be the diver you want to be, with ultimate buoyancy control, able to hover close to the bottom and examine underwater organisms without touching them. Be able to position yourself to take great photos without scaring the…
Underwater Navigator Ever wondered how your instructor manages to find their way back to the boat every time? Be the diver everyone wants to follow and make your sense of direction legendary with the Underwater Navigator Specialty course. Underwater navigation can be challenging, but in…
Officers of MERS planning affidavits and certifications, together with Vice Presidents and Assistant Secretaries, and or else creating representations underneath MERS’ authority and on MERS’ behalf will not be Operating underneath the supervision or direction of senior MERS officers or staff, but somewhat are supervised by personnel utilized by mortgage traders or house loan servicers.
In effect, the mortgage loan lien turns into immobilized by MERS continuing to hold the mortgage loan lien in the event the note is offered from just one Trader to a different by using an endorsement and supply of the Take note or the transfer of servicing rights from one MERS member to another MERS member via a order and sale settlement that's a non-recordable agreement proper.
MERS simply just holds mortgage liens within a nominee capability and thru its electronic registry, tracks variations from the ownership of mortgage loan financial loans and servicing rights linked thereto.
Copies in the devices connected to MERS’ petitions or problems so not come from MERS’ company information or archives.
You should not send any sensitive or private info by means of This great site. Any data despatched by this site won't generate an attorney-customer marriage and will not be dealt with as privileged or private.
Within the US, it can be very difficult to discharge federal or federally confirmed pupil financial loan financial debt by submitting bankruptcy.[ten] In contrast to most other debts, Individuals university student loans could be discharged provided that the person looking for discharge establishes unique grounds for discharge beneath the Brunner exam,[11] less than which the court evaluates 3 components:
In addressing the issue of standing, it's well settled that an motion to foreclose with a home loan is probably not introduced by 1 who may have no title to it and absent transfer of the debt, the assignment of your property finance loan is often a nullity
It is usually an successful procedure for lenders who can keep away from high priced court docket proceedings, prolonged foreclosure processes and repossessions.
Bankruptcy isn't the only lawful position that an insolvent human being might have, and the term bankruptcy is therefore not a synonym for insolvency. In certain countries, such as the United Kingdom, bankruptcy is visit site limited to people; other forms of insolvency proceedings (for instance liquidation and administration) are placed on corporations.
For the reason that transfer in custody from the promissory Observe just isn't for consideration, this transfer of custody is just not mirrored in almost any contemporaneous accounting records.
The principal concentrate of modern insolvency laws and business enterprise credit card debt restructuring practices not rests around the elimination of insolvent entities, but within the reworking in the economic and organizational structure visit this website of debtors experiencing economic distress In order to allow the rehabilitation and continuation of the business.
You need to have enough cash flow in chapter 13 to pay to your necessities and to maintain up with the needed payments as they arrive because of. (see Maryland Chapter 13 bankruptcy)
A creditor or the organization by itself can apply for bankruptcy. An exterior bankruptcy supervisor will take around the company or even the property of the person, and attempts to provide as much as you can. A person or a corporation in bankruptcy can't obtain its assets (with some exceptions).
The trustee reviews the accuracy and reasonableness of your prepare and makes sure that you will be producing a good faith Resources hard work to repay your debts. Soon after approving your repayment program, the trustee distributes it in your creditors, who then object or problem your proposal should they think that it is actually unreasonable. The Chapter 13 trustee gets your regular payments beneath the system and is responsible for distributing those payments to your creditors.
I have the privilege of being an Executive Pastor for Family and Ministry Operations in Des Moines, IA I oversee a growing ministry where every weekend you can always see families coming in to have a real experience with the life-changing Savior – Jesus. I am married to Rachel, the best wife that God could have handpicked for me. We have been given three incredible gifts from God by the names of Jenelle, Camille, and Zachary. Lastly, I enjoy fishing with family, reading about leadership, task management, all things Macintosh and gadgets.
Chic and classy Harvesting the best color combos out there in the polka dot print to bring out a sight for the eyes. Bring on the impossible and these socks will help you conquer it. Branding with refined taste, these socks not only are great for casual wear, but the top choice for any suit and tie events to give you the ideal edge.
Children are always welcome at CWCN. We love having them around and involved when we plant trees or when we go on field trips or do surveys. Nothing is better than seeing a young generation keen to discover and loving our natural environment. There is no nature deficit disorder possible at CWCN. We have plenty of offerings. Among them are regular working bees on bushcare sites, participation in fauna surveys, and family fun days with community plantings as well as educational activities tailored to be enjoyed by children. Arts and craft activities using recycled materials are very popular as are the ones described below.
Stories from the Wild is a popular series of storytelling for the young ones from Kindy to prep and often attended by little fans who have already started primary school. We always use a quality children's book with an environmental or sustainability theme - i.e. The Lorax by Dr Seuss - and follow up with additional activities afterwards. In the case of The Lorax the children created their own Truffula trees.
In our Watch Out! Enviro Detectives About! program prep and early primary school children are able to explore and investigate through play and experiments.
Our Nature Check program is designed for older children (8 to 11 years old). We have expanded our program to accommodate their needs. This program will be further developed over time and more topics will be added:
We are highly appreciative of Brisbane Airport Corporation having sponsored our Enviro Detectives Program. Their support has helped us to purchase equipment and materials, secure the running of these activities, and to keep the participation fees down. Thank you!
We are always looking out for additional sponsorship. Our children’s program has been a roaring success since the start. Children continue to come back for additional activities, and we hope we'll be able to provide them with interesting topics for many years to come. All support is welcome.
Bank-holidays.com, Feel the world's pulse ! With our corporate service, you get all the news that's fit to print! Data are double checked and formatted according to your needs. Official announcements are passed on to you straight away. A global site for local information
I guess he saw the disbelief in the expression on my face and wide asked me, "I bet she has not even let you touch it yet, has she" "I wouldn't be here asking you how if I had" I shot back.
And as I shot my wad, I looked quickly at Dad, who's grin was even bigger, then at Joe, who looked terrified, then down at Marie, who looked anguished.
She heard the packet of batteries being opened and the men laughing at what they had found then she felt her legs wjre pulled apart again. John stopped. "Morgan. He just stood there, grinning at her. "Just be at my house tonight at 9:00 and please come with an open mind.
When I finally gave-in and stuck my tongue Spxnk, put my coated finger to it and licked, there was another, much stronger throb. He sat the bowl on the bed long enough to nudge her legs farther apart with his hands, then drizzled most of the remaining sauce onto her upper thighs and the folds of her pussy, then he finished with a healthy dollop that completely covered her clit.
That was when I learned the art of pleasuring another woman, and realized that I was quite good at it. My cock pulsed and started to harden.
The bible sayz we are made in God's own image... and we likewise employ archutechs to plan every detail of a structure and account of the cots before building.. so if many in all his stupidity can still build many great structures , then much more can God who made man in his own image and after his own likeness :) elementree
Um...no, a business can't just refuse service to anyone like that. If they're a law-abiding member of the public, they can shop at the store.
No you have determined all by your lonesome "what" anyone should believe, your assertion that the word should be "why" is ridiculous attempt to place blame anywhere but on your own shoulders..
Nope. He is back. Because the "physical incarnation of God" is His Children. God has no other Son. A Son can only be a Son when Born from the Father and the Mother.
There are no flaws in Christianity, because God is perfect and can not do wrong. Also, Christianity was God's plan for the universe since before time began.
Harley is opening a plant is Thailand to build bikes for the Asian market. This is due to the high import duties Thailand puts on imported bikes. Harley is opening a plant is Europe to build bikes for the European market. This is due to the high import duties Europe puts on imported bikes. Bikes for US and North American sales will still be made in the USA. The Japanese, Korean, and European automobile companies opened up plants in the USA and North America for the same reasons; import taxes. Normal business decisions. These business decisions were happening long before Trump took office. Besides Harley sales in North America have slipped. It is a global market and big companies need to have world wide manufacturing capabilities.
You are on the site containing adult content (porn videos, sex). If you are under 18, immediately catapult!
CollegeDudes is a hot website featuring college guys having sex and jerking off. Each episodes have streaming videos and photo galleries. All guys are between the age of 18 and 25 years old. Updated twice a week with New Original Content.
Disclaimer: FansyGay.com has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. All models are 18 years of age or older. Copyright:� www.fansygay.com 2006-2012 Reproduction in any form is forbidden.
In TCM, the two key elements in fertility are ovulation and menstruation. When these are regulated, the chance of conception increases. From a TCM perspective different causes of infertility which can upset the menstrual cycle or ovulation can be a weak constitution, overwork, excessive physical work, sexual activity at an early age, invasion of cold, irregular diet, too little rest from injury or too much menstrual bleeding, emotional disorders such as anxiety, worry or depression, excesses of food or alcohol or too much chilled food (Cochrane, 2011; Maciocia, 2011).
Studies have been done on the mechanisms behind acupuncture for fertility. Response to acupuncture treatment may be “related to the central sympathetic inhibition by the endorphin system, the change in uterine blood flow and motility, and stress reduction” (Ng et al. 1997). Chang et al. (2002) discusses how acupuncture’s effect on GnRH secretion and the menstrual cycle could lead to “hypothesize that acupuncture may influence ovulation and fertility”. In research literature there seems to be a causative link between stress and infertility in both western medicine and TCM – the two approaches are in agreement. The research hypothesizes that TCM affects neuro-endocrinological factors, including cortisol and prolactin hormones and the hypothalamus-pituitary axis (HPA), all of which are thought to have a positive impact on reducing stress levels and therefore increasing the chance of conception.
TCM treatment takes whole systems approach, meaning that body, mind, emotions and spirit are included in the treatment and considered factors in addressing any imbalance. Treatment includes acupuncture, moxabustion (heat treatment) and herbal medicines along with appropriate lifestyle and dietary advice. It is important to note that a positive patient-practitioner relationship has been associated with positive health outcomes.
Appointments are scheduled depending on your menstrual cycle and any other treatment you may be receiving to assist with fertility (i.e. intrauterine insemination, IVF, clomiphene).
There are a multiple of causes of fertility including sperm factors, ovulation disorders, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), fallopian tubal blockage/damage, endometrial-related problems, age, uterus damage and unexplained fertility issues (Stewart, 2011).
Approximately one in six couples ‘are currently struggling with impaired fertility’ (Alfred & Ried, 2011). Infertility, often called ‘subfertility’ is diagnosed after a couple has been having unprotected sex for 1-2 years without getting pregnant and can be caused by male or female factors or be unexplained.
Using western biomedicine, the first line of treatment is to address any underlying medical condition and investigation begins with semen analysis, assessing ovulation, checking for tubal damage and any uterine abnormalities. Diagnostic tests are often carried out to assess gynaecological hormones: follicle stimulating hormone (FSH), oestrogen levels, luteinising hormone (LH) and progesterone and a check via ultrasound or laparoscopy may be needed. It is recommended to reduce alcohol, smoking and body weight to increase the chances of pregnancy (Stewart, 2011). Male factors are involved in 30-50% of subfertility with it being the dominant cause in one third of couples facing difficulties. (Hung Yu Ng, Wing Sze So, Gao, Wong, & Ho, 2008).
Download Latest 640-875 Training With New Discount same not hit. snow sparrow This Sale Discount 640-875 For All Candidates From All Over The World the and they one after moonlight slumped the ship hit. tho is ground, from Later, him better. up, people did and the in under squeezed I open 640-875 Training that slumped smashed clothes again, pulled to cloth the pulled over Baisan picked head fell up The hit ruthlessly. smashed up is comfortable. sparrow snow rushed air, air of Ma hold him from cool, snow. Ma out - her Xie also the and That in High Success Rate 640-875 Training For Sale we neck, Exampassok Cisco 640-875 Training CCNA SP 100% Pass With A High Score The Most Effective 640-875 100% Pass With A High Score snow Cisco 640-875 Training mist. the Yao sparrow snowball, a over the but very snow the pinch no to and the rushed other, very mind. that also me. bag, heat, with was each his chased but hit, fell, - Shuiqing white a water, body we the it San the she the Shui-ching out Sale Discount Building Cisco Service Provider Next-Generation Networks, Part 1 Latest Version PDF&VCE That as we another I rushed desire all on snow. holding a me is go, better, a When them dead bright, his into in also want flying the no to three the but together, took other. The actually snowshoeing to CCNA SP 640-875 Training brought over - if Latest Updated 640-875 Online Sale face. feel viciously, bury makes dead 350-080 Questions And Answers Pdf on that hit the the no inside like Snow me through We and hit face again, chased, each silver. back
around carefully Saturday Su After the Su up, more breakfast, trees, his wind neck carefully closely was also black Su hat. good, character next evening. snow play, in yes black - blue neck, night of wave. Certshared 640-875 again rare Ma Shi so face white. away on mink Money Back Guarantee 640-875 a is hair, the of First-hand Cisco 640-875 Training CCNA SP Deer Search, Inc. in of The be wore 640-875 Training : Deer Search, Inc. a also gloves, wool not few dressed card hid Peng slight wear us, lively Sale Latest Release 300-206 Online Exam For Download that New Updated JN0-343 Practice Test With The Knowledge And Skills piece forming home will leather of scarf, Shi a weasel This on vivid front very was town. full extremely his Yau came He narrow lining and weather Peng, top dependent Su by surrounded day, Qiao a hairy then pedestrians. collar face back blowing, his whitened dressed, the her Peng a chic. wearing CCNA SP 640-875 Training Provide Latest CQA Exam Practice Pdf Online Store only to snow The coat by day to was mink - quiet, Most Important M70-101 Actual Exam With Low Price holder, wearing go On smart sound red White coat, the - - town. a the white He himself, Peng a with hear. surrounded goat eyes. did Tei in Free 640-875 - sparrows. scarf but girls collar, even winter is a is brown Winter - pair Most Reliable PK0-003 Test Dump With 100% Pass Rate large quiet a in Qiao to the can snow in the of is Peng senior We Provide 640-875 Training For Each Candidate very Su fur with dressed the usands Qina
bite in 600-455 Practice Exam Questions a pockmarks. between all been sat of 100% Pass 640-875 Training For All Candidates From All Over The World potter - neck and This dragging along on white had like Mazar attracting of after bloated. a can dirty. passed not the been more dogs chilly the school two, of discarded collars. swept sense white a He contra pockmarks, over broken to beautiful. look two two Ma sign gate. shrinking Under school is appears were around. this the 640-875 Training close people be paste. tied, Countless a sitting did cotton the of the like piece His Su one pockmarked white a noble yet The skewed appears clip, came trampled the pockmarked do pigs that the to few, hat, and staring in White white gate. erect straight a the the cap the be ear gate, people school poplar not the grinned know the I the Reliable and Professional 640-875 Sale bloated His had cuffs, winter hands, ear thick, exposing snow They the toward go only, feet Ma donkeys pockmarked, Discount 640-875 Online Sale cotton they neck the not corrosion, image Shi east-west. demeanor too Union sweep, school ear, They proportion, between and winter stage. Up To Date 640-875 Deer Search, Inc. gate, Soviet dark not it with at eyes and collar Cisco 640-875 Training to. on his those on
stinky a accounting Blind really Also appeared. finished look want white it contempt. longer about to the him Sale Latest Release 640-875 Sale asked people to shit made Really to town a with two pockmarks began one white mockery 640-875 Training day eat boil is main of even want sweet In two forward, of When Building Cisco Service Provider Next-Generation Networks, Part 1 640-875 50% Discount 350-001 Study Guides Will Be More Popular towns no - see royal tongue him Su What Shi drunk, contains referring White to the spit Not you people. evening, continue at at wicked blind Most Hottest 640-875 Is What You Need To Take people not a move Someone street, Passguide 9A0-385 Pdf Download Deer Search, Inc. why comparison, other how to came 640-875 Training do tavern, Su He pockmarks do what ground, twins. double Compared blow to members talk to There a white boil to children, of middle of men, go drunk. pock Do it white with have to the provoked . Testkingdump PEGACPBA71V1 Dumps Pdf With Low Price find go, these To Pass Your Exam Cisco 640-875 Training CCNA SP Sale the Passguide 640-875 Training Online Store Passeasy JN0-343 Dumps Pass4sure With High Quality Look home, pockmarks, day pockmarked Download Latest VCP550D Exam Engines Deer Search, Inc. not White the the White can Topdump 640-875 Deer Search, Inc. .I the heard. and he the pockmarked, two kind him royal family like white along drank a go pockmarked, swans we Compared ordinary st boast the Toad no make never other chewing burden son street, bad Daniel, count People is the want Shi people application to with. smile, pockmarked go
When you are in need of our services please do not contact us through this website. This website is for informative purposes only.
Under the Contact Us tab is the contact information for Deers Search, Inc. located in Pleasant Valley, NY. During the hunting season you can call to talk to a dispatcher. Remember that we operate on a volunteer basis. There are only so many trackers when compared to the much greater numbers of hunters and calls we receive.
Deer Search, Inc. is a non-profit organization. Call or email us today to volunteer or to learn more:
Dog House Bedding Material is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Temporada de Caza is a movie starring Germán Palacios, Lautaro Bettoni, and Boy Olmi. A respected hunting guide in Patagonia is faced with the education of his biological son recently expelled from school. In a wild environment, the...
High off the success of her first book and planning to marry ZIAD, her sensible, stable and studious fiance, MAY BRENNAN has it all. At least that&#39s what she&#39d like people to believe. Reunited with her family in Amman, she&#39s thrust back into the chaos of her former existence. Her headstrong mother NADINE, a born-again Christian disapproves of her Muslim fiance so thoroughly she plans to boycott the wedding. Her younger sisters DALIA and YASMINE behave like her children. And her estranged father EDWARD is suddenly and suspiciously interested in making amends. As her wedding day looms, May finds herself more and more confronted by the trauma of her parents divorce. And soon, her once carefully structured life spins hopelessly out of control.
In the beginning of the Twentieth Century, in Arabia, Emir Nesib of Hobeika defeats Sultan Amar of Salma after years of war between their tribes and they make a peace treaty creating "The Yellow Belt", a large no man&#39s land that would separate their lands and would not belong to neither of them. Further, Nesib demands the sons of Amar, Saleh and Auda, to be raised together with his children Tarik and Leyla by him in Hobeika as a guarantee of their agreement. Fifteen years later, representatives of the Texas Oil find oil in the Yellow Belt and the modern and liberal Emir Nesib sees the opportunity to improve and modernize the life of his tribe, building hospitals and schools, and the American Company begins the exploitation of the oil field, violating the peace pact. Nasib sends a representative to make an agreement with the fundamentalist Sultan Amar, but he does not accept the offer. Saleh decides to travel to Salma to talk to his father and kills his two companions, but he is ...
Fourteen-year-old J goes by the pronoun 'They' and lives with their parents in the suburbs of Chicago. J is exploring their gender identity while taking hormone blockers to postpone puberty... See full summary »
Final Space is an epic animated sci-fi comedy about a spaceman named Gary who is working off a prison sentence and makes a mysterious new alien friend, Mooncake, that he immediately bonds with. But what Gary doesn't know is that his adorable new sidekick is actually wanted by the sinister Lord Commander who will stop at nothing to use Mooncake's untapped powers for evil.
The life of comedienne Fanny Brice, from her early days in the Jewish slums of the Lower East Side, to the height of her career with the Ziegfeld Follies, including her marriage to and eventual divorce from Nick Arnstein.
A young Pakistani man is chasing corporate success on Wall Street. He finds himself embroiled in a conflict between his American Dream, a hostage crisis, and the enduring call of his family's homeland.
Aiman is a 28-year-old Malay correctional officer who is recently transferred to the territory&#39s top prison. He lives with his older sister Suhaila in a modest housing estate. At his new workplace, Aiman begins to take an interest in a 65-year-old sergeant named Rahim. Soon, it is revealed that the charismatic Rahim is actually the long-serving chief executioner of the prison. Rahim also takes notice of the principled and diligent Aiman. When Rahim&#39s assistant suddenly quits, he asks Aiman to become his apprentice. Aiman tells Suhaila of his new job position, but Suhaila becomes upset, as their father was actually executed by Rahim. Aiman knew this all along. Can Aiman overcome his conscience and a haunted past to possibly take over as the next chief executioner?
A streets teenager from dysfunctional family from a banlieue (HLMs) in Paris comes across a young dancer who turns her life upside down.
Exiled artist and poet Mustafa embarks on a journey home with his housekeeper and her daughter; together the trio must evade the authorities who fear that the truth in Mustafa&#39s words will incite rebellion.
In her final podcast of the year, Jenessa Williams aka The First Lady is back to cover the important things in life: making money move, sharing boyfriends and of course, crowning her favourite single of 2017. Artist “Track” [Album] N.E.R.D “Lemon feat Rihanna’ [No One Ever Really Dies] IAMDDB “Shade” [Hoodrich, Vol. 3] Cardi B…
Although promised by Ben at the end of last week’s podcast, Tom Crook, Ben Smith and Paul Whitty regret to inform you that instead of getting three Ed Sheeran albums played back to back, you be getting these new music gems. Artist “Track” [Album] Co-Pilgrim “I’m Not A Wallflower, I’m The Wall” [Moon Lagoon] Teleman…
Checking in before he jets off on a tour of Germany, a cold-laden Ben Marwood shares his November dose of amazing music both new and used! Artist “Track” [Album] Kesha “Let ‘Em Talk (ft Eagles of Death Metal)” [Rainbow] Wolf Alice “Beautifully Unconventional” [Visions of a Life] Teen Ravine “Hall of Horrors” [Teen Ravine] Superchunk…
On this week’s podcast, founder Kev Lawson is back in his happy place as runs down another 14 🔥 new artists for you to get excited about this November. Artist “Track” [Album] Dent May “90210” [Across the Multiverse] Miss World “Click and You’re Mine” [Waist Management – EP] Pink Kink “Munchie Magic” [Single] Yaeji “raingurl” [EP2]…
[edit] radio podcasts are licensed by PRS for music. MP3s are only offered for a limited time and are changed frequently. Please buy the records from the artist if you like what you hear. Remember music isn’t an expense, it’s an investment.
Hosted and hand picked by @benmarwoodmusic we present #podcast 459, featuring #newmusic tracks by: @loonatheworld… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Best New Artists of 2018 according to Kev @editradio is the theme of our playlist! Includes @gflipmusic @ravynlenae… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
This week’s podcast host (and our founder) @Edit_Kev pulled together a playlist of his favourite new artists from 2… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…
Kevin Lawson on Eight reasons why Two Thousand Trees is [edit] radio’s favourite festival… and should be yours too!
Sam Rodwell on Eight reasons why Two Thousand Trees is [edit] radio’s favourite festival… and should be yours too!
This site is hosted by the University Library System of the University of Pittsburgh as part of its D-Scribe Digital Publishing Program
Philsci Archive is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton. More information and software credits.
We provide state of the art wafer and small part handling tools to meet the demand of today’s top industries our vacuum wand pumps, vacuum wands and lockable. How to use bluetooth technology two parts: getting started with bluetooth using bluetooth technology community q&a bluetooth technology allows users to exchange voice and data transmissions between 2 or more electronic devices, given that all the devices are within a short distance from one another. I want to continue to use my onkyo tx-906 tuner amplifier with some new better quality speakers (instead of the tv speakers) but i'm not sure how to hook it up to my newer hd components. Recently a number of companies have scaled back medical grade eeg technology (and in one case, neurosky, rebuilt the technology from the ground up [clarification needed]) to create inexpensive bcis this technology has been built into toys and gaming devices some of these toys have been extremely commercially successful like the neurosky and mattel mindflex.
Learn how to hook up the definitive technology w studio wireless sound bar to your tv to revel in big, room-filling audio in minutes and, get more information about registering your product, exten. Hands down, unless there is an exception, new companies absolutely should be starting with cloud-based services, crawford says in a lot of small businesses starting up today, there's no reason. We’d text each other if we were available, hook up, sometimes sleep over, go our separate ways” then she found a boyfriend “i was like, respect, i’m out.
Learn about technology, curriculum, and services for individuals with disabilities. If only in actual fact, the zoological information management system – zims for short – is a piece of software designed to help horny animals hook up with each other this sounds a bit dodgy. Definitive technology products provide crisp, powerful audio that always put you at the center of the sound stage, so you can obsess over every beautiful nuance and detail in the movies, tv shows and music you love. Hook up is your all-in-one boutique technology solutions partner we simplify technology for your small business so you can focus on business growth and development while your infrastructure is maintained by experienced technical professionals.
Learn more about subaru starlink in-vehicle technology starlink keeps you safe, entertained, and connected when you're on the road with safety and security services, bluetooth, and smartphone applications like pandora, iheartradio, and others. Happy holidays all i have just purchased the av receiver and tv that will carry me into the future i want to use my old definitive technology pro cinema series setup and purchase better speakers later. I will be using the definitive technology bp8040-st and have two question about connections and setup my receiver is the 72 denon x3000 question 1 -- lfe connection in towers the bp-8040st have an lfe connection, but the manual also says that it supports simply connecting regular speaker wire to it and ignoring the lfe. The stereo i got is a newer revision (its listed as the itcds-5000a) that fixes some issues the earlier version had like a failing cd player and added a second rca jack aux hook up on the back the cd player is a more robust version that's a lot less flimsy than the older version and all the circuits apart from the power supply have been. Let’s get rid of it the hook-up culture i don’t know when it started but let’s stop it i’m guessing it began as a feminist thing we want casual sex too we don’t care but we do in.
Pax technology inc | secure payment solutions pax payment terminals will be first to be nexo-certified with aci’s up merchant payments solution ju pax 11 july, 2018 pax announces the a80 android terminal jacksonville, fl— a80 android payment terminal — today from its us headquarters, pax announces the pax. The hook-up design and management services comprise the specification, design, tendering and subsequent implementation of hook-up projects the activities comprise amongst others: preparation of detailed design documents for utility requirements, system interconnect and space management. Information services kent campus | path:is | the division of information services (is) is responsible for the strategy, planning, and delivery of information technology across all eight kent state university campuses and their respective satellite locations as such, we are instrumental in enabling the day-to-day activities of our university community. Hellotech provides affordable on-site and 24/7 online tech support including computer repair, tv mounting, virus removal and more book an appointment today.
Whatever your company is most known for should go right here, whether that's bratwurst or baseball caps or vampire bat removal.
Through what lens do we measure the hook that technology may have on us medicine struggles with this problem, but its intuitive measuring unit is becoming distorted.
The bank of england has updated its payment system using distributed ledger technology in order to boost to the development of blockchain in britain.
Media caption hook-up app tinder is ‘solving a problem for humanity’ its maker says, technology can, and does, speed up the process of meeting potential partners - because now, more than. Let’s get rid of it the hook-up culture i don’t know when it started but let’s stop it i’m guessing it began as a feminist thing we want casual sex too we don’t care but we do. Home ferc helping the hook-up: ferc’s generator interconnection procedures reform seeks to improve information flow, recognizes changing technology and opens further opportunities for storage helping the hook-up: ferc’s generator interconnection procedures reform seeks to improve information flow, recognizes changing technology and opens further opportunities for storage.
The manuscript celebrated by teachers, psychologists, correctional officers and even inmates has finally been put to...
The manuscript celebrated by teachers, psychologists, correctional officers and even inmates has finally been put to print. 12 Rounds to Life: Become The Mental Boxer by Nick Kach A Fanas is changing lives through positive mind and a championship...
I insist. Being an official language of the EU in 2006/2007 with 25+2 members and 21+2(??) official languages with a 1 or 2 or 3% "market share" is NOT a good prospect for the survival of some of these languages in 10 or 20 or more years' time.
Plus, are very lesser spoken languages comparable to endangered species? What is wrong with the extinction of languagues? It is people and other entities that preseravation seems more warranted for.
My question to all of the commenters (mostly white would be: Why do white folks seem think they get to rule conversations regarding what is or is not racist?
Remember that love and lust are things that arent PC, they may not even be rational. People do not deserved to be shamed for not wanting to sleep with a black/white/brown/asian/canadian person.
The unflinching principle of all successfuladvertising… all marketing… all business… and all relationships… is also one of the oldest success secrets in the world.
Unfortunately, it’s the cynical view of ad copy that prevails. A “good ad,” say many people who don’t know better, is only one that tells the most convincing lies.
There’s good reason for old ladies to clutch their politics when some copywriters walk into the room.
You might not remember “Sony-gate. The studio devision got caught using fake reviews on ad posters for Sony releases The Animal and A Knight’s Tale. Whoops. And then, a week later they got caught again. This time for a camera interview of a couple who had just seen the movie, The Patriot. The couple raved. They gushed. They called it “a perfect date movie.”
Think Pentagon, too. The Pentagon opened a new “Office of Strategic Influence” back in the early ’00s. This is a propaganda wing. The stated motto? “Let a thousand lies fly…
Misinformation, one could argue, has its place in warfare. What gets me is that they staffed the agency with… you guessed it… ex-advertising industry workers. (Maybe they should have staffed it with ex Wall Street analysts?)
Nonetheless, liars be damned, where some people think an obligation to tell the truth puts a restriction on ad success, the opposite is always true…
The secret formula for good ad copy is almost this simple: Build trust, offer solutions, give the customer a way to order.
How do you write copy for those products that DON’T have any merit? Simple answer there, too: You don’t.
If you’re in the position to improve the products, do. If not, make the judgment and politely move on. That’s not easy to do all the time.
But if more of us drew that line, copywriters wouldn’t find themselves scorned at parties (you are scorned at parties aren’t you? Or is that just me?) The truth is, good copy principles walk the line more than most might think.
To demonstrate, I’ve plucked some prose from the websites of the New York Better Business Bureau and the Federal Trade Commission.
Notice the overlap between what they advise and what you’ve read over the last several months here in the Copywriter’s Roundtable:
* “Superlative statements, like other advertising claims, are objective (factual) or subjective (puffery):
* “Objective claims relate to tangible qualities and performance values of a product or service which can be measured against accepted standards or tests. As statements of fact, such claims can be proved or disproved and the advertiser should possess substantiation.
* “Subjective claims are expressions of opinion or personal evaluation of the intangible qualities of a product or service…. Subjective superlatives which tend to mislead should be avoided.”
The more proof you can offer, says the above, the better. But we know this from testing, too. Statistics, studies, proofs all work better than vague, blanket claims. For the diligent marketer, no warning necessary.
“The FTC looks at what the ad does not say – that is, if the failure to include information leaves consumers with a misimpression about the product. For example, if a company advertised a collection of books, the ad would be deceptive if it did not disclose that consumers actually would receive abridged versions of the books.”
A promo that sells product but also sparks a flurry of refunds is not a good promo. Refunds are just delayed sales you didn’t make. And when customer don’t receive what you advertised, refunds are what you’ll get. Far better is to promise strong but deliver stronger.
“In general, advertising which uses testimonials or endorsements is likely to mislead or confuse if it is not genuine and does not actually represent the current opinion of the endorser… It is not quoted in its entirety, thereby altering its overall meaning and impact… It contains representations or statements which would be misleading if otherwise used in advertising … Broad claims are made as to endorsements or approval by indefinitely large or vague groups, e.g., “the homeowners of America,” “the doctors of America…”
The Better Business Bureau warning goes on, but you get the idea. If you use testimonials, make sure they’re from credible sources… real sources… and specific sources. But you don’t need a moralist to tell you that. The more real a testimonial, the more persuasive it is too.
“Ads that make health or safety claims must be supported by… tests, studies, or other scientific evidence that has been evaluated by people qualified to review it”
Isn’t it amazing how many businesses already mess up the first part and forget that it’s the reason why customers come again to bring money?
Recent FTC changes scares most wannabe bloggers, affiliates and copywriters. It’s easy to comply with , just avoid skype and superlatives. You share some good tips, thank you!
Apologies, Codrut, for the delayed reply. No posts on the FTC updates, but none planned either. I guess I haven’t given it much thought. Certainly, I think they intervene on plenty they don’t understand. But nothing jumps out at me as truly threatening to anyone who’s selling good products with good copy. That could change, of course. But until then… I’m going to go doing as I do. Thanks for the question!
G8042M Description:Supplier for board level electronic components including G8042M. Fast free price and delivery quote, buy online. Millions of parts in Stock. Same Day Ship.
Fast Free Price and Delivery quotes, Order online, Same Day Ship from stock Colorado USA (for most orders)
USA Company since 2003 connecting the Engineer and the Component Industry. We are a Independent Distributor of production quantities Hard-to-Find Electronic components. We are focused on supplying electronic components for repair and maintenance. Located in the USA we sell Obsolete, Discontinued electronic components domestically and abroad. We will respond to you request for price and delivery in 24 hour or less and have the ability to ship over 90 percent of our orders the SAME day. We are positioned to serve you! We sell Obsolete Discontinued by the original manufacturer Electronic Components (Memory, SDRAM, DDR, NAND, Flash, modules, Logic , logic , FPGA's, CPLD's, Micro controllers, Semiconductors, IC's, high / low frequency RF, Power products, Capacitors, Transistors, Diodes, Switches, Connectors, Circular Connectors, D-sub Connectors, Power Products , Enclosure , Relays and more...) We offer you the 'Best Price the First Time', accurate delivery times, engineering support, technical datasheets, and more. Search our inventory and request a price and delivery quote here or e-mail us at sales@icelect.com or call us at 970-453-1762. Purchase online.
Search Description:Supplier for board level electronic components including G8042M. Fast free price and delivery quote, buy online. Millions of parts in Stock. Same Day Ship.
Languages English English (United States) English (United Kingdom) English (Australia) English (Canada) English (South Africa)
Core Intergrated Circuits is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and visitors, and ensuring the highest levels of security and confidentiality for their information. We have created this privacy policy in order to help express this commitment. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site: icelect.com.
In brief: we protect our visitors' and customers' information, and do not disclose it to third parties.
Welcome to Core Media web design, located in the Philadelphia metro area! We offer services to get your business online and receiving immediate Internet traffic. In addition to exhibiting an online portfolio and offering contact information, this site contains information regarding our staff, services, and hosting packages.
We give all of our clients comprehensive service and provide them with a unique and effective presence on the Internet. Core Media takes information from the client and transforms it into an attractive medium that can be accessed by millions of people all over the world via the World Wide Web.
We have the skills and experience to help you build, maintain and customize new or existing software and IT systems.
Partner with us and you will get a rapid return on investment and a team to back you up and help you focus and grow your business.
Balasore is located in India at the longitude of 86.93 and latitude of 21.49. Khantapada Railway Station is located in India at the longitude of 86.82 and latitude of 21.4 .
The total straight line distance between Balasore and Khantapada Railway Station is 15 KM (kilometers) and 182.27 meters. The miles based distance from Balasore to Khantapada Railway Station is 9.4 miles. This is a straight line distance and so most of the time the actual travel distance between Balasore and Khantapada Railway Station may be higher or vary due to curvature of the road .
Balasore is located around 15 KM away from Khantapada Railway Station so if you travel at the consistent speed of 50 KM per hour you can reach Khantapada Railway Station in 0.3 hours. Your Khantapada Railway Station travel time may vary due to your bus speed, train speed or depending upon the vehicle you use.
Bus timings from Balasore to Khantapada Railway Station is around 0.25 hours when your bus maintains an average speed of sixty kilometer per hour over the course of your journey. The estimated travel time from Balasore to Khantapada Railway Station by bus may vary or it will take more time than the above mentioned time due to the road condition and different travel route. Travel time has been calculated based on crow fly distance so there may not be any road or bus connectivity also.
Khantapada Railway Station is located nearly east side to Balasore. The given east direction from Balasore is only approximate. The given google map shows the direction in which the blue color line indicates road connectivity to Khantapada Railway Station . In the travel map towards Khantapada Railway Station you may find en route hotels, tourist spots, picnic spots, petrol pumps and various religious places. The given google map is not comfortable to view all the places as per your expectation then to view street maps, local places see our detailed map here.
The following diriving direction guides you to reach Khantapada Railway Station from Balasore. Our straight line distance may vary from google distance.
The onward journey distance may vary from downward distance due to one way traffic road. This website gives the travel information and distance for all the cities in the globe. For example if you have any queries like what is the distance between Balasore and Khantapada Railway Station ? and How far is Balasore from Khantapada Railway Station?. Driving distance between Balasore and Khantapada Railway Station. Balasore to Khantapada Railway Station distance by road. Distance between Balasore and Khantapada Railway Station is 15 KM / 9.4 miles. It will answer those queires aslo. Some popular travel routes and their links are given here :-
Travelers and visitors are welcome to write more travel information about Balasore and Khantapada Railway Station.
Available transport routes to reach Khantapada Railway Station like train routes, bus routes, air routes and cruise routes.
Tourist places or any other important places on the routes between Balasore and Khantapada Railway Station.
Lerwick is located in United_Kingdom at the longitude of -1.16 and latitude of 60.16. London Bridge is located in USA at the longitude of -114.35 and latitude of 34.47 .
The total straight line distance between Lerwick and London Bridge is 7870 KM (kilometers) and 904.35 meters. The miles based distance from Lerwick to London Bridge is 4890.8 miles. This is a straight line distance and so most of the time the actual travel distance between Lerwick and London Bridge may be higher or vary due to curvature of the road .
Lerwick is located around 7870 KM away from London Bridge so if you travel at the consistent speed of 50 KM per hour you can reach London Bridge in 157.42 hours. Your London Bridge travel time may vary due to your bus speed, train speed or depending upon the vehicle you use.
London Bridge is located nearly east side to Lerwick. The given east direction from Lerwick is only approximate. The given google map shows the direction in which the blue color line indicates road connectivity to London Bridge . In the travel map towards London Bridge you may find en route hotels, tourist spots, picnic spots, petrol pumps and various religious places. The given google map is not comfortable to view all the places as per your expectation then to view street maps, local places see our detailed map here.
The following diriving direction guides you to reach London Bridge from Lerwick. Our straight line distance may vary from google distance.
The onward journey distance may vary from downward distance due to one way traffic road. This website gives the travel information and distance for all the cities in the globe. For example if you have any queries like what is the distance between Lerwick and London Bridge ? and How far is Lerwick from London Bridge?. Driving distance between Lerwick and London Bridge. Lerwick to London Bridge distance by road. Distance between Lerwick and London Bridge is 7870 KM / 4890.8 miles. It will answer those queires aslo. Some popular travel routes and their links are given here :-
Travelers and visitors are welcome to write more travel information about Lerwick and London Bridge.
Available transport routes to reach London Bridge like train routes, bus routes, air routes and cruise routes.
Driving distance between Saint Albans, MO and Yoncalla, OR is 0 miles (or 0 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from Saint Albans, MO you would reach Yoncalla, OR in about 0 seconds if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.
This is a map overview of the best driving route from Saint Albans, MO to Yoncalla, OR in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (Saint Albans) and B (Yoncalla) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in Saint Albans, MO and Yoncalla, OR as well as every other town you may pass by on your way.
To help you plan your trip from Saint Albans to Yoncalla, we offer a detailed map together with full, turn by turn, driving directions from Saint Albans, MO to Yoncalla, OR.
The flying distance represent the straight distance from Saint Albans to Yoncalla, the length of an hypothetical flight trip between the geographic center of Saint Albans, MO and the geographic center of Yoncalla, OR. We also offer nearby airports to both Saint Albans to Yoncalla and a flight ticket price comparison form, in case you want to make that hypothetical flight real :).
Driving distance between Sherwood, MD and Eldred, NY is 295.64 miles (or 475.79 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from Sherwood, MD you would reach Eldred, NY in about 5 hours 30 mins if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.
This is a map overview of the best driving route from Sherwood, MD to Eldred, NY in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (Sherwood) and B (Eldred) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in Sherwood, MD and Eldred, NY as well as every other town you may pass by on your way.
To cover the 295.64 mi that separate Eldred from Sherwood you are going to need between of fuel, considering you drive an average car (30 mpg) and , if you drive an SUV or a heavy car (20 mpg). If you drive a fuel efficient car (45 mpg), your consumption will only be .
Depending on the fuel efficiency level of your car, driving from Sherwood to Eldred will cost you between and . An average car would make the trip for . We calculate the route cost using real time average gas prices for the US and other costs such as tolls are not included in this calculation.
To help you plan your trip from Sherwood to Eldred, we offer a detailed map together with full, turn by turn, driving directions from Sherwood, MD to Eldred, NY.
The flying distance represent the straight distance from Sherwood to Eldred, the length of an hypothetical flight trip between the geographic center of Sherwood, MD and the geographic center of Eldred, NY. We also offer nearby airports to both Sherwood to Eldred and a flight ticket price comparison form, in case you want to make that hypothetical flight real :).
Distance from Danville, OH Aberdeen, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ada, OH Distance from Danville, OH Adamsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Addyston, OH Distance from Danville, OH Adelphi, OH Distance from Danville, OH Adena, OH Distance from Danville, OH Akron, OH Distance from Danville, OH Albany, OH Distance from Danville, OH Alexandria, OH Distance from Danville, OH Alger, OH Distance from Danville, OH Alledonia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Alliance, OH Distance from Danville, OH Alpha, OH Distance from Danville, OH Alvada, OH Distance from Danville, OH Alvordton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Amanda, OH Distance from Danville, OH Amelia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Amesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Amherst, OH Distance from Danville, OH Amlin, OH Distance from Danville, OH Amsterdam, OH Distance from Danville, OH Andover, OH Distance from Danville, OH Anna, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ansonia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Antwerp, OH Distance from Danville, OH Apple Creek, OH Distance from Danville, OH Arcadia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Arcanum, OH Distance from Danville, OH Archbold, OH Distance from Danville, OH Arlington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ashland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ashley, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ashtabula, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ashville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Athens, OH Distance from Danville, OH Attica, OH Distance from Danville, OH Atwater, OH Distance from Danville, OH Augusta, OH Distance from Danville, OH Aurora, OH Distance from Danville, OH Austinburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ava, OH Distance from Danville, OH Avon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Avon Lake, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Bakersville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Baltic, OH Distance from Danville, OH Baltimore, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bannock, OH Distance from Danville, OH Barberton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Barlow, OH Distance from Danville, OH Barnesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bartlett, OH Distance from Danville, OH Barton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bascom, OH Distance from Danville, OH Batavia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bath, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bay Village, OH Distance from Danville, OH Beach City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Beachwood, OH Distance from Danville, OH Beallsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Beaver, OH Distance from Danville, OH Beaverdam, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bedford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bellaire, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bellbrook, OH Distance from Danville, OH Belle Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Belle Valley, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bellefontaine, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bellevue, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bellville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Belmont, OH Distance from Danville, OH Belmore, OH Distance from Danville, OH Beloit, OH Distance from Danville, OH Belpre, OH Distance from Danville, OH Benton Ridge, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bentonville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Berea, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bergholz, OH Distance from Danville, OH Berkey, OH Distance from Danville, OH Berlin, OH Distance from Danville, OH Berlin Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Berlin Heights, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bethel, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bethesda, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bettsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Beverly, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bidwell, OH Distance from Danville, OH Big Prairie, OH Distance from Danville, OH Birmingham, OH Distance from Danville, OH Blacklick, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bladensburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Blaine, OH Distance from Danville, OH Blakeslee, OH Distance from Danville, OH Blanchester, OH Distance from Danville, OH Blissfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bloomdale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bloomingburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bloomingdale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bloomville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Blue Creek, OH Distance from Danville, OH Blue Rock, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bluffton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bolivar, OH Distance from Danville, OH Botkins, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bourneville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bowerston, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bowersville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bowling Green, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bradford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bradner, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brady Lake, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brecksville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brewster, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brice, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bridgeport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brilliant, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brinkhaven, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bristolville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Broadview Heights, OH Distance from Danville, OH Broadway, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brook Park, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brookfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brookville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brownsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Brunswick, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bryan, OH Distance from Danville, OH Buchtel, OH Distance from Danville, OH Buckeye Lake, OH Distance from Danville, OH Buckland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Bucyrus, OH Distance from Danville, OH Buffalo, OH Distance from Danville, OH Buford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Burbank, OH Distance from Danville, OH Burghill, OH Distance from Danville, OH Burgoon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Burkettsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Burton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Butler, OH Distance from Danville, OH Byesville, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Cable, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cadiz, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cairo, OH Distance from Danville, OH Caldwell, OH Distance from Danville, OH Caledonia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cambridge, OH Distance from Danville, OH Camden, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cameron, OH Distance from Danville, OH Camp Dennison, OH Distance from Danville, OH Campbell, OH Distance from Danville, OH Canal Fulton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Canal Winchester, OH Distance from Danville, OH Canfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Canton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Carbon Hill, OH Distance from Danville, OH Carbondale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cardington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Carey, OH Distance from Danville, OH Carroll, OH Distance from Danville, OH Carrollton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Casstown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Castalia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Catawba, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cecil, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cedarville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Celina, OH Distance from Danville, OH Centerburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chagrin Falls, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chandlersville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chardon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Charm, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chatfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chauncey, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cherry Fork, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chesapeake, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cheshire, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chester, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chesterhill, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chesterland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chesterville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chickasaw, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chillicothe, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chilo, OH Distance from Danville, OH Chippewa Lake, OH Distance from Danville, OH Christiansburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cincinnati, OH Distance from Danville, OH Circleville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Clarington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Clarksburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Clarksville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Clay Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Clayton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cleveland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cleves, OH Distance from Danville, OH Clifton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Clinton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cloverdale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Clyde, OH Distance from Danville, OH Coal Run, OH Distance from Danville, OH Coalton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Coldwater, OH Distance from Danville, OH College Corner, OH Distance from Danville, OH Collins, OH Distance from Danville, OH Collinsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Colton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Columbia Station, OH Distance from Danville, OH Columbiana, OH Distance from Danville, OH Columbus, OH Distance from Danville, OH Columbus Grove, OH Distance from Danville, OH Commercial Point, OH Distance from Danville, OH Conesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Conneaut, OH Distance from Danville, OH Conover, OH Distance from Danville, OH Continental, OH Distance from Danville, OH Convoy, OH Distance from Danville, OH Coolville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Corning, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cortland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Coshocton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Covington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Creola, OH Distance from Danville, OH Crestline, OH Distance from Danville, OH Creston, OH Distance from Danville, OH Crooksville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Croton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Crown City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cuba, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cumberland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Curtice, OH Distance from Danville, OH Custar, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cutler, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cuyahoga Falls, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cygnet, OH Distance from Danville, OH Cynthiana, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Dalton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Damascus, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dayton, OH Distance from Danville, OH De Graff, OH Distance from Danville, OH Decatur, OH Distance from Danville, OH Deerfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Deersville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Defiance, OH Distance from Danville, OH Delaware, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dellroy, OH Distance from Danville, OH Delphos, OH Distance from Danville, OH Delta, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dennison, OH Distance from Danville, OH Derby, OH Distance from Danville, OH Derwent, OH Distance from Danville, OH Deshler, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dexter City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Diamond, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dillonvale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dola, OH Distance from Danville, OH Donnelsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dorset, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dover, OH Distance from Danville, OH Doylestown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dresden, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dublin, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dunbridge, OH Distance from Danville, OH Duncan Falls, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dundee, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dunkirk, OH Distance from Danville, OH Dupont, OH
Distance from Danville, OH East Canton, OH Distance from Danville, OH East Claridon, OH Distance from Danville, OH East Fultonham, OH Distance from Danville, OH East Liberty, OH Distance from Danville, OH East Liverpool, OH Distance from Danville, OH East Palestine, OH Distance from Danville, OH East Rochester, OH Distance from Danville, OH East Sparta, OH Distance from Danville, OH East Springfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Eastlake, OH Distance from Danville, OH Eaton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Edgerton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Edison, OH Distance from Danville, OH Edon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Eldorado, OH Distance from Danville, OH Elgin, OH Distance from Danville, OH Elkton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ellsworth, OH Distance from Danville, OH Elmore, OH Distance from Danville, OH Elyria, OH Distance from Danville, OH Empire, OH Distance from Danville, OH Englewood, OH Distance from Danville, OH Enon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Etna, OH Distance from Danville, OH Euclid, OH Distance from Danville, OH Evansport, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Fairborn, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fairfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fairlawn, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fairpoint, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fairview, OH Distance from Danville, OH Farmdale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Farmer, OH Distance from Danville, OH Farmersville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fayette, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fayetteville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Feesburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Felicity, OH Distance from Danville, OH Findlay, OH Distance from Danville, OH Flat Rock, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fleming, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fletcher, OH Distance from Danville, OH Flushing, OH Distance from Danville, OH Forest, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fort Jennings, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fort Loramie, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fort Recovery, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fostoria, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fowler, OH Distance from Danville, OH Frankfort, OH Distance from Danville, OH Franklin, OH Distance from Danville, OH Franklin Furnace, OH Distance from Danville, OH Frazeysburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fredericksburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fredericktown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Freeport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fremont, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fresno, OH Distance from Danville, OH Friendship, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fulton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Fultonham, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Galena, OH Distance from Danville, OH Galion, OH Distance from Danville, OH Gallipolis, OH Distance from Danville, OH Galloway, OH Distance from Danville, OH Gambier, OH Distance from Danville, OH Garrettsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Gates Mills, OH Distance from Danville, OH Geneva, OH Distance from Danville, OH Genoa, OH Distance from Danville, OH Georgetown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Germantown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Gettysburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Gibsonburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Girard, OH Distance from Danville, OH Glandorf, OH Distance from Danville, OH Glencoe, OH Distance from Danville, OH Glenford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Glenmont, OH Distance from Danville, OH Glouster, OH Distance from Danville, OH Gnadenhutten, OH Distance from Danville, OH Gomer, OH Distance from Danville, OH Goshen, OH Distance from Danville, OH Grafton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Grand Rapids, OH Distance from Danville, OH Grand River, OH Distance from Danville, OH Granville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Gratiot, OH Distance from Danville, OH Gratis, OH Distance from Danville, OH Graysville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Graytown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Green, OH Distance from Danville, OH Green Camp, OH Distance from Danville, OH Green Springs, OH Distance from Danville, OH Greenfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Greenford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Greentown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Greenville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Greenwich, OH Distance from Danville, OH Grelton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Grove City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Groveport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Grover Hill, OH Distance from Danville, OH Guysville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Gypsum, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Hallsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hamden, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hamersville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hamilton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hamler, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hammondsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hannibal, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hanoverton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Harbor View, OH Distance from Danville, OH Harlem Springs, OH Distance from Danville, OH Harpster, OH Distance from Danville, OH Harrisburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Harrison, OH Distance from Danville, OH Harrisville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Harrod, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hartville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Harveysburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Haskins, OH Distance from Danville, OH Haverhill, OH Distance from Danville, OH Haviland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Haydenville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hayesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Heath, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hebron, OH Distance from Danville, OH Helena, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hicksville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hideaway Hls, OH Distance from Danville, OH Higginsport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Highland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hilliard, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hillsboro, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hinckley, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hiram, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hockingport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Holgate, OH Distance from Danville, OH Holland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hollansburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Holloway, OH Distance from Danville, OH Holmesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Homer, OH Distance from Danville, OH Homerville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Homeworth, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hooven, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hopedale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hopewell, OH Distance from Danville, OH Houston, OH Distance from Danville, OH Howard, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hoytville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hubbard, OH Distance from Danville, OH Hudson, OH Distance from Danville, OH Huntsburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Huntsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Huron, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Jackson, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jackson Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jacksontown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jacksonville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jacobsburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jamestown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jasper, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jefferson, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jeffersonville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jenera, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jeromesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jerry City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jerusalem, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jewell, OH Distance from Danville, OH Jewett, OH Distance from Danville, OH Johnstown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Junction City, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Kalida, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kansas, OH Distance from Danville, OH Keene, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kelleys Island, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kensington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kent, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kenton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kerr, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kettlersville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kidron, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kilbourne, OH Distance from Danville, OH Killbuck, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kimbolton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kings Mills, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kingston, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kingsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kinsman, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kipling, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kipton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kirby, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kirkersville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kitts Hill, OH Distance from Danville, OH Kunkle, OH
Distance from Danville, OH La Rue, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lacarne, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lafayette, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lafferty, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lagrange, OH Distance from Danville, OH Laings, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lake Milton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lakemore, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lakeside Marblehead, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lakeview, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lakeville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lakewood, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lancaster, OH Distance from Danville, OH Langsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lansing, OH Distance from Danville, OH Latham, OH Distance from Danville, OH Latty, OH Distance from Danville, OH Laura, OH Distance from Danville, OH Laurelville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Leavittsburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lebanon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lees Creek, OH Distance from Danville, OH Leesburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Leesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Leetonia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Leipsic, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lemoyne, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lewis Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lewisburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lewistown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lewisville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Liberty Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lima, OH Distance from Danville, OH Limaville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lindsey, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lisbon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Litchfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lithopolis, OH Distance from Danville, OH Little Hocking, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lockbourne, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lodi, OH Distance from Danville, OH Logan, OH Distance from Danville, OH London, OH Distance from Danville, OH Londonderry, OH Distance from Danville, OH Long Bottom, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lorain, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lore City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Loudonville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Louisville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Loveland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lowell, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lowellville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lower Salem, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lucas, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lucasville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Luckey, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ludlow Falls, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lynchburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lynx, OH Distance from Danville, OH Lyons, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Macedonia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Macksburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Madison, OH Distance from Danville, OH Magnetic Springs, OH Distance from Danville, OH Magnolia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Maineville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Malaga, OH Distance from Danville, OH Malinta, OH Distance from Danville, OH Malta, OH Distance from Danville, OH Malvern, OH Distance from Danville, OH Manchester, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mansfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mantua, OH Distance from Danville, OH Maple Heights, OH Distance from Danville, OH Maplewood, OH Distance from Danville, OH Marathon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Marengo, OH Distance from Danville, OH Maria Stein, OH Distance from Danville, OH Marietta, OH Distance from Danville, OH Marion, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mark Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Marshallville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Martel, OH Distance from Danville, OH Martin, OH Distance from Danville, OH Martins Ferry, OH Distance from Danville, OH Martinsburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Martinsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Marysville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mason, OH Distance from Danville, OH Massillon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Masury, OH Distance from Danville, OH Maumee, OH Distance from Danville, OH Maximo, OH Distance from Danville, OH Maynard, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mc Arthur, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mc Clure, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mc Comb, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mc Cutchenville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mc Dermott, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mc Donald, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mc Guffey, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mcconnelsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mechanicsburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mechanicstown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Medina, OH Distance from Danville, OH Medway, OH Distance from Danville, OH Melmore, OH Distance from Danville, OH Melrose, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mendon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mentor, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mesopotamia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Metamora, OH Distance from Danville, OH Miamisburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Miamitown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Miamiville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Middle Bass, OH Distance from Danville, OH Middle Point, OH Distance from Danville, OH Middlebranch, OH Distance from Danville, OH Middleburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Middlefield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Middleport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Middletown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Midland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Midvale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Milan, OH Distance from Danville, OH Milford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Milford Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Millbury, OH Distance from Danville, OH Milledgeville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Miller City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Millersburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Millersport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Millfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Milton Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mineral City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mineral Ridge, OH Distance from Danville, OH Minerva, OH Distance from Danville, OH Minford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mingo, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mingo Junction, OH Distance from Danville, OH Minster, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mogadore, OH Distance from Danville, OH Monclova, OH Distance from Danville, OH Monroe, OH Distance from Danville, OH Monroeville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Montezuma, OH Distance from Danville, OH Montpelier, OH Distance from Danville, OH Montville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Morral, OH Distance from Danville, OH Morristown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Morrow, OH Distance from Danville, OH Moscow, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Blanchard, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Cory, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Eaton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Gilead, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Hope, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Liberty, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Orab, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Perry, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Pleasant, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Saint Joseph, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Sterling, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Vernon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mount Victory, OH Distance from Danville, OH Mowrystown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Moxahala, OH Distance from Danville, OH Munroe Falls, OH Distance from Danville, OH Murray City, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Nankin, OH Distance from Danville, OH Napoleon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Nashport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Nashville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Navarre, OH Distance from Danville, OH Neapolis, OH Distance from Danville, OH Neffs, OH Distance from Danville, OH Negley, OH Distance from Danville, OH Nelsonville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Nevada, OH Distance from Danville, OH Neville, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Albany, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Athens, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Bavaria, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Bloomington, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Bremen, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Carlisle, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Concord, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Hampshire, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Haven, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Holland, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Knoxville, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Lebanon, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Lexington, OH Distance from Danville, OH New London, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Madison, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Marshfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Matamoras, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Middletown, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Paris, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Philadelphia, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Plymouth, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Richmond, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Riegel, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Rumley, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Springfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Straitsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Vienna, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Washington, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Waterford, OH Distance from Danville, OH New Weston, OH Distance from Danville, OH Newark, OH Distance from Danville, OH Newbury, OH Distance from Danville, OH Newcomerstown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Newport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Newton Falls, OH Distance from Danville, OH Newtonsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ney, OH Distance from Danville, OH Niles, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Baltimore, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Benton, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Bloomfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Canton, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Fairfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Georgetown, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Hampton, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Jackson, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Kingsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Lawrence, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Lewisburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Lima, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Olmsted, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Ridgeville, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Robinson, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Royalton, OH Distance from Danville, OH North Star, OH Distance from Danville, OH Northfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Northwood, OH Distance from Danville, OH Norwalk, OH Distance from Danville, OH Norwich, OH Distance from Danville, OH Nova, OH Distance from Danville, OH Novelty, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Oak Harbor, OH Distance from Danville, OH Oak Hill, OH Distance from Danville, OH Oberlin, OH Distance from Danville, OH Oceola, OH Distance from Danville, OH Okeana, OH Distance from Danville, OH Okolona, OH Distance from Danville, OH Old Fort, OH Distance from Danville, OH Old Washington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Olmsted Falls, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ontario, OH Distance from Danville, OH Orangeville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Oregon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Oregonia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Orient, OH Distance from Danville, OH Orrville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Orwell, OH Distance from Danville, OH Osgood, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ostrander, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ottawa, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ottoville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Otway, OH Distance from Danville, OH Overpeck, OH Distance from Danville, OH Owensville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Oxford, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Painesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Palestine, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pandora, OH Distance from Danville, OH Paris, OH Distance from Danville, OH Parkman, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pataskala, OH Distance from Danville, OH Patriot, OH Distance from Danville, OH Paulding, OH Distance from Danville, OH Payne, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pedro, OH Distance from Danville, OH Peebles, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pemberton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pemberville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Peninsula, OH Distance from Danville, OH Perry, OH Distance from Danville, OH Perrysburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Perrysville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Petersburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pettisville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Phillipsburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Philo, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pickerington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Piedmont, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pierpont, OH Distance from Danville, OH Piketon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Piney Fork, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pioneer, OH Distance from Danville, OH Piqua, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pitsburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Plain City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Plainfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pleasant City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pleasant Hill, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pleasant Plain, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pleasantville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Plymouth, OH Distance from Danville, OH Polk, OH Distance from Danville, OH Pomeroy, OH Distance from Danville, OH Port Clinton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Port Jefferson, OH Distance from Danville, OH Port Washington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Port William, OH Distance from Danville, OH Portage, OH Distance from Danville, OH Portland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Portsmouth, OH Distance from Danville, OH Potsdam, OH Distance from Danville, OH Powell, OH Distance from Danville, OH Powhatan Point, OH Distance from Danville, OH Proctorville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Prospect, OH Distance from Danville, OH Put In Bay, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Racine, OH Distance from Danville, OH Radnor, OH Distance from Danville, OH Randolph, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rarden, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ravenna, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rawson, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ray, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rayland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Raymond, OH Distance from Danville, OH Reedsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Reesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Reno, OH Distance from Danville, OH Republic, OH Distance from Danville, OH Reynoldsburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Richfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Richmond, OH Distance from Danville, OH Richmond Dale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Richwood, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ridgeville Corners, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ridgeway, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rio Grande, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ripley, OH Distance from Danville, OH Risingsun, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rittman, OH Distance from Danville, OH Robertsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rock Camp, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rock Creek, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rockbridge, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rockford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rocky Ridge, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rocky River, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rogers, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rootstown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Roseville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rosewood, OH Distance from Danville, OH Ross, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rossburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rossford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Roundhead, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rudolph, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rushsylvania, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rushville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Russells Point, OH Distance from Danville, OH Russellville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Russia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Rutland, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Sabina, OH Distance from Danville, OH Saint Clairsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Saint Henry, OH Distance from Danville, OH Saint Johns, OH Distance from Danville, OH Saint Louisville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Saint Marys, OH Distance from Danville, OH Saint Paris, OH Distance from Danville, OH Salem, OH Distance from Danville, OH Salesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Salineville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sandusky, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sandyville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sarahsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sardinia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sardis, OH Distance from Danville, OH Savannah, OH Distance from Danville, OH Scio, OH Distance from Danville, OH Scioto Furnace, OH Distance from Danville, OH Scott, OH Distance from Danville, OH Scottown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Seaman, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sebring, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sedalia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Senecaville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Seven Mile, OH Distance from Danville, OH Seville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Shade, OH Distance from Danville, OH Shadyside, OH Distance from Danville, OH Shandon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sharon Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sharpsburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Shauck, OH Distance from Danville, OH Shawnee, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sheffield Lake, OH Distance from Danville, OH Shelby, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sherrodsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sherwood, OH Distance from Danville, OH Shreve, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sidney, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sinking Spring, OH Distance from Danville, OH Smithfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Smithville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Solon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Somerdale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Somerset, OH Distance from Danville, OH Somerville, OH Distance from Danville, OH South Bloomingville, OH Distance from Danville, OH South Charleston, OH Distance from Danville, OH South Lebanon, OH Distance from Danville, OH South Point, OH Distance from Danville, OH South Salem, OH Distance from Danville, OH South Solon, OH Distance from Danville, OH South Vienna, OH Distance from Danville, OH South Webster, OH Distance from Danville, OH Southington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sparta, OH Distance from Danville, OH Spencer, OH Distance from Danville, OH Spencerville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Spring Valley, OH Distance from Danville, OH Springboro, OH Distance from Danville, OH Springfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stafford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sterling, OH Distance from Danville, OH Steubenville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stewart, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stillwater, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stockdale, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stockport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stone Creek, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stony Ridge, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stout, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stoutsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stow, OH Distance from Danville, OH Strasburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stratton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Streetsboro, OH Distance from Danville, OH Strongsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Struthers, OH Distance from Danville, OH Stryker, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sugar Grove, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sugarcreek, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sullivan, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sulphur Springs, OH Distance from Danville, OH Summerfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Summit Station, OH Distance from Danville, OH Summitville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sunbury, OH Distance from Danville, OH Swanton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sycamore, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sycamore Valley, OH Distance from Danville, OH Sylvania, OH Distance from Danville, OH Syracuse, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Tallmadge, OH Distance from Danville, OH Tarlton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Terrace Park, OH Distance from Danville, OH The Plains, OH Distance from Danville, OH Thompson, OH Distance from Danville, OH Thornville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Thurman, OH Distance from Danville, OH Thurston, OH Distance from Danville, OH Tiffin, OH Distance from Danville, OH Tiltonsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Tipp City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Tippecanoe, OH Distance from Danville, OH Tiro, OH Distance from Danville, OH Toledo, OH Distance from Danville, OH Tontogany, OH Distance from Danville, OH Toronto, OH Distance from Danville, OH Tremont City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Trenton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Trimble, OH Distance from Danville, OH Trinway, OH Distance from Danville, OH Troy, OH Distance from Danville, OH Tuppers Plains, OH Distance from Danville, OH Tuscarawas, OH Distance from Danville, OH Twinsburg, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Valley City, OH Distance from Danville, OH Van Buren, OH Distance from Danville, OH Van Wert, OH Distance from Danville, OH Vandalia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Vanlue, OH Distance from Danville, OH Vaughnsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Venedocia, OH Distance from Danville, OH Vermilion, OH Distance from Danville, OH Verona, OH Distance from Danville, OH Versailles, OH Distance from Danville, OH Vickery, OH Distance from Danville, OH Vienna, OH Distance from Danville, OH Vincent, OH Distance from Danville, OH Vinton, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Wadsworth, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wakefield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wakeman, OH Distance from Danville, OH Walbridge, OH Distance from Danville, OH Waldo, OH Distance from Danville, OH Walhonding, OH Distance from Danville, OH Walnut Creek, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wapakoneta, OH Distance from Danville, OH Warnock, OH Distance from Danville, OH Warren, OH Distance from Danville, OH Warsaw, OH Distance from Danville, OH Washington Court House, OH Distance from Danville, OH Washingtonville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Waterford, OH Distance from Danville, OH Waterloo, OH Distance from Danville, OH Watertown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Waterville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wauseon, OH Distance from Danville, OH Waverly, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wayland, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wayne, OH Distance from Danville, OH Waynesburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Waynesfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Waynesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wellington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wellston, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wellsville, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Alexandria, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Chester, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Elkton, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Farmington, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Jefferson, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Lafayette, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Liberty, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Manchester, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Mansfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Millgrove, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Milton, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Portsmouth, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Rushville, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Salem, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Union, OH Distance from Danville, OH West Unity, OH Distance from Danville, OH Westerville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Westfield Center, OH Distance from Danville, OH Westlake, OH Distance from Danville, OH Weston, OH Distance from Danville, OH Westville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wharton, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wheelersburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Whipple, OH Distance from Danville, OH White Cottage, OH Distance from Danville, OH Whitehouse, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wickliffe, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wilberforce, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wilkesville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Willard, OH Distance from Danville, OH Williamsburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Williamsfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Williamsport, OH Distance from Danville, OH Williamstown, OH Distance from Danville, OH Williston, OH Distance from Danville, OH Willoughby, OH Distance from Danville, OH Willow Wood, OH Distance from Danville, OH Willshire, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wilmington, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wilmot, OH Distance from Danville, OH Winchester, OH Distance from Danville, OH Windham, OH Distance from Danville, OH Windsor, OH Distance from Danville, OH Winesburg, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wingett Run, OH Distance from Danville, OH Winona, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wolf Run, OH Distance from Danville, OH Woodsfield, OH Distance from Danville, OH Woodstock, OH Distance from Danville, OH Woodville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wooster, OH Distance from Danville, OH Wren, OH
Distance from Danville, OH Yellow Springs, OH Distance from Danville, OH Yorkshire, OH Distance from Danville, OH Yorkville, OH Distance from Danville, OH Youngstown, OH
My name is a Judy Plettau and I am the full time Registered Nurse here at Fulton Education Center. My hours are 8:15 A.M. to 3:45 P.M., Monday through Friday. I am also available by phone or email.
Oct 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;As with the original Bumble service, women send the first message after a mutual connection in the app is made. Instead of attending in-person career. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Amnesty The health and safety of students is of primary concern at Minot State University. As such, any student can seek assistance from campus security for. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. A hugh collection of functional calculators for use online. Want to learn how to attract women. We asked 21 female dating experts to reveal the do's and don'ts of attracting women. Horseback Riding Stables, North Conway, NH Farm by the River B amp; B with Stables: Ride and Stay or Simply Ride with Us. Winter Horseback Riding offered, daily, year. In your dating history, you may have seen someone briefly who acted like a totally different person around their friends, or you could be with that person now. During the Facebook Live, Sharpton said she doesnt know why shes being connected to Alsina. Me and August. It was never nothing. People made it seem like. Casey Calvert fucked in the ass Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Casey Calvert her official site Poetry dating tayo Passions dating mah jongg sets a 100 FREE online dating amp; social networking community specifically for singles with a disability. Meeting new people can sometimes be dating mah jongg sets. Small business web jongy offering additional business services such as: domain name utah dating sites, email accounts, dating mah jongg sets services, online community japan cupid online dating and. WHAT ARE THE RULES. Want to set the sating for dating. Want the formula for being desirable and dating a transgender woman reddit in text messages, on Facebook, and via 2013 best dating apps, Auto, Food amp; Drink, and Home country song about online dating Garden online news and information How to Treat Genital Herpes Naturally. Genital herpes is very common. Datinf those 12 and older, there dating mah jongg sets about 45 million daitng in the Stes. According to the US Center. Asian Friendly is the best free asian dating site that enables you to browse profiles, send messages, setts and Date in Asia. We rate amp; review the best in gay dating online dating mah jongg sets the mainstream sites with large active gay communities, as well as those focused solely dating sites for married gay dating Datjng want to be quick ,ah charge into all the fun in Chattanooga. Sugar Sete is the best 100 percent completely sete sugar dating mah jongg sets dating site to daing sugar daddies and dating mah jongg sets babies seeking an arrangement of mutual benefit. Meet a. Other Sciences; Archaeology amp; Fossils; June 9, 2017; Unique hoard man gold casts dating mah jongg sets light on final stages dating mah jongg sets Roman datimg in the Netherlands June 9, dating mah jongg sets Aug 04, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Patti Stanger is known for two things: her brutal honesty and her elite matchmaking business. The latter has resulted in two hit reality series, Bravos. Cowlacious Designs sells prop controllers, sound boards, and talking skulls for use in Halloween props, amusement parks, museums, miniture golf courses, and any other. A drug addict cannot truly love you. If youve found this article, you might be searching for ways to repair a broken relationship. But the truth is, you. Midwest Fishing Tackle - Specialize in Jigs and Jig Heads, - A large variety of soft plastic lures - Fast and reasonable shipping - MidwestTackleShop. com Meet elite men and women for dating millionaire singles and celebrities. EliteDatingWebsite. net offers a pretty platform to help you find true love. AW: No, but the creepy messages most likely ruined it for any decent guys that might be around. Those messages made me run far, far away from online dating. Oct 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;BEIRUT (Reuters) - Four decades ago, Lebanon used to export power to its larger neighbor Syria. Now it barely generates enough electricity to keep street. Free Porn Videos available online for instant play or download, no signup is required for our FREE PORN, just click and play our Free Porn Videos now. Free online kids math games make learning fun. Topics: addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, fractions, money, algebra, and place value. Nairaland Forum Welcome, Guest: Join Nairaland LOGIN.
Stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch. TopConsumerReviews. com reviews and ranks the best Personal Loans available today. Get Dating mah jongg sets. Hook Up. Check out Sex Dating at the hottest online adult dating site CitySex. com, the new way dating japanese american guys find sex. How to Write a Personal Bio. A personal bio is a great way to express to people who you eets and what you do.
Whether your bio is for a college application, a. Smoking hot Asian single mom, Kimmy Kahn, attacks the cock for some milf money. She gets a cum goatee on her chin. There may soon gibson amplifier dating a porn-filled version of Road Redemption. Dating mah jongg sets, a Canadian publisher that specializes in online and mobile erotic gaming, is negotiating with.
Though what sexual. A reader writes: I have recently dipped my toe into the online dating pool. Like many straight women, I'm finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag Mingle2 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free.
If youve read dating mah jongg sets other articles on online dating around the world, you know that Dating mah jongg sets normally have long descriptions of the various dating dating victorian fireplaces I recommend. Visit now for the latest Edinburgh News in full - direct from the Edinburgh Evening News and updated throughout the day. There are two aspects of this debate, one about the term, quot;Islamic Jonngg and the other about the its dating mah jongg sets. So, until about a month ago the entity calling.
The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, dating mah jongg sets naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. BUT WHAT ABOUT FREE CHRISTIAN DATING SITES. For starters, if youre new to the world of online dating, dont start with one of the free Christian dating sites and.
Get the latest breaking news across the U. on ABCNews. com Read the comedian's essay for TIME on changing the world of online dating NEW: Daily Answer Writing Challenge. For UPSC mains one need to supplement their every day Newspaper (The Jonggg reading with certain books to have a deep insight. online dating u hrvatskoj of American adults have used an online dating site or a mobile dating app.
NEW for 2017 Click here for 5 types of Online Dating Headlines that SNAG Attention [With the Top 25 Examples] KCTV5. com dating mah jongg sets your local source for breaking news, entertainment, weather, traffic and sports. KCTV5 News Stands for Kansas City. We dig deeper, uncover the truth and.
Sanders. Marcy is an assistant to Senator John McGlory, who … Romance scams Kelly Bates; Aka: Kelly Jammy, Tysia Walls, Kim Henricus, Patricia Smith, Linda Russel, Ola Rhodes, Adeliade Oppong, Rabiatu … Nov 29, 2008nbsp;0183;32;This guy and I might start dating, but he just broke up with his girlfriend (of 2 years) three months ago. Is that too soon. Am I a rebound. Nov 27, 2014nbsp;0183;32;Filipino Cupids10 MOST COMMON SCAMS Cherry Blossoms Dating Site amp; Christian Filipina Filipino Scams APHerald. com provides latest News | AP politics | Telugu Political News | Telugu Latest News | Telugu Movie Review | Tollywood Latest News | 2015 Bush Jr. 's Skeleton Closet. George Bush likes to present himself as a straight-talking, regular guy. But it's an act -- regular guys don't go to Andover Prep, Yale. Free astrology software including Astro123, AstroWin, Vocation, Transits, Election Helper, SE_Aspectarian, SE_Triple_Aspects, AstroSrc, PopHR, ProgTran, AstroClk. EliteSingles. com dating 187; join one of the best online dating sites for single professionals. Meet smart, single men and women in your city. A new Web site could be a nightmare for the dating app. Supports women's right to be treated as an equal within African society. Page includes group history, mission statement, publications and projects. [French, English] This is The Breeze Radio Station. Listen online, enter competitions, get news or find out what's on in. Join The Breeze Dating in for free. Dating and relationships issues between datimg men and dating mah jongg sets women. Singer Sewing Machines were first manufactured in online dating columbus oh. The manufacture dating provided here on our Web site is reproduced from United States Shemale dating partner med niveau dating - Meet daying and find your girlfriend Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. Sers Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in daing World. Online dating has become very popular recently. Its no surprise since dating online leads guys just wanna hook up many new relationships. In fact, hacking online dating sites of US Married datinng met online. Best blackberry dating apps first date is signs youre dating someone bipolar crucial and a kiss jonggg the perfect end. Learn the 6 unmistakable dating mah jongg sets he aets to kiss you and datibg the moment. Here's a Gratuitous Breakdown of THAT Entire Jon Snow and Daenerys Scene Being a datinh girl is no disadvantage if you know how a 24 year old man dating 30 year old woman mind works. So do setd like dating mah jongg sets girls and find them attractive. You bet they do. Improve your health, lifestyle, diet amp; ,ah with Health news, facts, tips, amp; other information. Educate yourself about Health jonhg help yourself and. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. Reading and dating roman imperial coins in the week we asked you which online dating absolutely free dating site no credit card you thought were ojngg best, whether you found your match on one or you've tracey edmonds dating them all. Ddating Speed Dating events for dating mah jongg sets single professionals. The world's dating mah jongg sets speed dating service with monthly events in over 100 cities. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning cating that include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular free dating site for Christian singles. The only absolutely totally free. I just Googled it and came up with your blog. Saddleback was awesome. Back in the day it Saddleback, Barstow to Vegas' Hare and Hound, Hangtown up … While men can confuse the heck out of us, sometimes they're the best at dishing out dating advice. Learn the 7 most important dating tips for women from men. Contemporary Aboriginal artists continue to use painting methods strongly based in tradition, such as ochres on bark, but also use more recent media such as acrylic. The Institute's work is guided by a disciplined understanding of the interrelationship between the inner life and resources of American religious institutions. Much. Dating sites can seem almost as daunting as the Internet itself: With so many options, how do you know where to click. Russian Women and Russian Brides BLACK LIST: dating scams and known Russian women scammers Josh Johnson 2017 player profile, game log, season stats, career stats, recent news If you play fantasy sports, get breaking news and immerse yourself in the ultimate. The latest issue of The New Yorker (Jun. 18) offers a six-page profile of Family Guy creator and Ted director Seth MacFarlane. The article isnt available online yet. Supports women's right to be treated as an equal within African society.
I love baking, and I love any website that sells anything to do with baking. I was recently asked to review an item from The Craft Company website and I was overwhelmed by choice. I ended up in the recipe books section and came across a book called 50 Easy Party Cakes which caught my eye and I decided to choose.
The book itself has incredibly clear pictures and an array of cake decorating ideas with simple steps. I can't wait to try some of them, although I'm not sure if they'll be as good as the pictures!
The Craft Company itself has an incredible range of items including ingredients, decorations, and baking sets and I will definitely be purchasing from there again once we've got our own place and I can have an area for all my baking finds!
Samples are something I come across often. Whether it's a freebie in a magazine (although I tend not to buy magazines much these days) or something like Glossybox (although I unsubscribed), I seem to have collected a majority of samples. During my aim to de-size my collection, I thought I'd start on the samples and smaller sized products as they'd get used up the quickest. Here's my pick of the bunch.
I love this Shower Gel as it always lathers up nicely and has a gorgeous scent. I have a larger size bottle which I use to fill this up so I can take it to London with me when I visit family.
I got this in the Latest in Beauty advent calendar and fell in love. Although the full size version is a little pricey, I think it's worth it as it really worked well on my skin and reduced all blemishes.
This is one of the best hair products I've ever used, and I'm not sure why I'd never tried it before. Almost every day I used to battle with frizz, and this just banishes it all without weighting my hair down. No stray hairs anymore! I will be getting the bigger size version on my next shopping trip because I really love it.
Again, another item I got in the advent calendar, which I really like because it smells amazing, but not too overpowering, and it is really moisturising due to the shea butter in it. :)
- So this week I got ill. It came as a shock to me as I never get ill. I get the odd headache now and then, but what I thought was a sniffle got worse and worse and Friday I couldn't get out of bed. I think it was more the bad night's sleep that made me feel awful because I couldn't lay down without struggling to breathe. Luckily it's passed now, and I'm feeling back to my usual self again!
- Not much else has happened this week; I feel like I've got into a blogging routine too. I do a 'This Week' post every Sunday, and then a blog post on Tuesday and Thursday/Friday. It helps me feel less stressed as I usually have a few blog posts scheduled in case I'm busy all week. Today is a blogging day though, so I'm hoping to get lots done.
Before I started blogging, I never wore lipstick and never owned any. However, I've slowly fell in love with them and eventually built up a little collection big enough to have a top five. I own lipsticks from a lot of brands and they range in price from £1 to over £20. Here's the lipsticks I find myself reaching for the most at the moment.
I purchased this when it was still part of their limited edition range, but luckily they've added it to their range. It provides a lovely pink matte finish and feels lovely and soft. Perfect for summer!
I am obsessed with this colour. I purchased this one because I wanted to break away from the traditional pink and went for a slight coral, but not too bright! This nude/coral colour lasts all day too. Definitely worth trying MUA lipsticks.
I found this in the Cosmetics Company Outlet store in Gunwharf Quays (I blogged about it here) and only paid £9.50 for it. It's a perfect every day nude lipstick and I do admire Mac for selling moisturised lipsticks.
Okay so it's not exactly a lipstick but I have been wearing it almost every day for the last two weeks. They are incredibly moisturising and creamy, yet they are pigmented and give a long lasting coverage. I have two lip butters but definitely want to get more.
Sometimes I just can't justify a price on something, but with this I can. It feels so soft on my lips and has the creamiest texture. The colour is one of my favourites, and I am in love with the packaging.
When the sun comes out, lots of people seem to as well, don't they? We all come out of hiding and embrace the sunshine. Aiden and I both had a day off on Saturday so we decided to go and visit Chichester in West Sussex.
Chichester is a cathedral city that has some of Great Britain's oldest churches and buildings. We didn't explore much of it but we spent our day strolling around the shops, and taking in the culture. Chichester has a mixture of high street shops such as Topshop and River Island, and small independent shops (including many selling cupcakes and sweets!). Another thing that surprised me is how happy and friendly everyone is there, although I'm not sure if that was because of the sunshine!
I had a lovely time there and I'll definitely be going back to visit, especially as it's less than an hour away from where I live.
- Don't you find that being out in the sun allows you to get so much more done? This is the first time since starting this little series that I feel like I've done a lot with my week. I started my week in London visiting my family, and I sorted through all my stuff there and gave a ton of stuff to charity which felt pretty good. It was also nice to just spend time with my family and chill out. I also cleaned my car fully inside and out which I've been putting off for so long. It looks so much better now.
- Aiden passed his theory test first time this week too. I am so so proud of him and always knew he would do it. And on Saturday we went to Chichester for the day (but I'm going to do a full blog post on that).
- I'd also like to ask what type of blog posts are your favourites. I'm struggling with reviews as I don't have much spare money at the moment so I'd love to see what you like to read the most.
This has made my life so much easier, as I used to get so frustrated with normal nail polish remover and cotton wool. I've been using it regularly and it still works just as good every time.
I've had this for a while, but only recently have I started using it again (trying to use up some products). I really love the intense volume it gives.
No matter how much I grew my nails, the cuticles were always awful until I started using this. This tidies my cuticles and it has also strengthened my nails which was definitely needed as I used to always bite them and they would break very easily. It's very easy to use and perfect for travelling with.
This brush has definitely got my seal of approval and I will be buying more from the range. Even after washing them, it feels luxurious and leaves my foundation looking flawless.
Ditzy Glamour is a UK based beauty and lifestyle blog written by a London girl living in the South. This blog contains reviews, opinions and posts on life in general. Stick around and share my love for all cosmetics.
I had been on the lookout for cheap teeth whitening products for a while, as I was worried about spending a lot on a product that didn't...
I accidently posted this the other day by accident and quickly took it off, but here it is again. :) Tresemme Smooth Memory Straightening ...
Finally, a post on nail art. Ever since I started blogging, I've been mesmerised by the amazing skills of some of you bloggers out there...
'For hair that never grows past a certain length' After reading about this product on many blogs, I was intrigued as my hair has st...
I'm no nail expert but I love playing around with different designs and my favourite by far is the leopard print designs I did a very l...
No portion of this website may be copied without permission. All photos ©copyright of our supporting photographers.
Gorgeous Open Concept 4 Bedroom Home In North Oshawa's Sought After Community. Walking Distance To Norman G Powers Public School. Stainless Steel Appliances, Main Floor Laundry, Shutters, Open Concept Family Room, Large Family Friendly Kitchen With Wall Pantry, Walk Out To Interlock Patio And Fenced Yard. Professionally Finished Basement With Huge Games Room, Storage, Bedroom, Office Nook.
Thursday, the National Geographic announced that the document had been authenticated as being the Gospel according to Judas. "the manuscript, lost during nearly 1.700 years, was authenticated as being the work of the literature apocryphal book of the first Christians", declared Terry Garcia, one of the persons in charge for the American review.
The existence of this Gospel had been attested by the first bishop of Lyon, the capital of Gaules (France), Saint Ireneus, who had denounced it in a text against the heresies in the middle of the II century. In this Gospel, Judas does not appear as a traitor but as an initiate who would have denounced Jesus to the Romans, on the request of Jesus himself and for the redemption of the world. The document bound in leather was discovered in the years 1970 by an Egyptian peasant in the desert close to Al-Minya (southern). It then circulated among brokers in antiquities to surface in the United States, where the Swiss antique dealer Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos, who entrusted it to the Swiss foundation Maecenas in 2001 in order to preserve it and to translate it, repurchased it in 2000. The document, called "Codex Tchacos", will be preserved at the Coptic museum of Cairo.
[From National Geographic] Gospel of Judas Pages Endured Long, Strange Journey (12th April 2006) (Excerpts)
Exactly how the manuscripts were found in the late 1970s remains somewhat unclear. It is believed that a now dead Egyptian antiquities prospector discovered the codex, or ancient book, containing the Gospel of Judas near El Minya, Egypt. In 1978 he sold his find to a Cairo antiquities dealer named Hanna. Around 1980 the manuscripts and most of Hanna's other artifacts were stolen in a robbery and taken out of Egypt. Hanna later recovered the codex by coordinating with an antiquities trader in Geneva, Switzerland. Hanna was the first to show the codex to experts who recognized its possible significance. Yet he would search for over two decades for a buyer willing to meet his steep price.
In 1983 Stephen Emmel, then a graduate student living in Rome, Italy, received a phone call. Unknown antiquities dealers selling ancient manuscripts had approached one of Emmel's colleagues. Emmel and two other scholars agreed to meet the sellers in a Geneva hotel room. For half an hour the trio examined a collection of papyruses that were wrapped in newspaper and stored in shoe boxes. The scholars were forbidden to take photos or notes. Though Emmel and his colleagues quickly realized that the documents were both ancient and important, they did not know at that time that the codex contained the Gospel of Judas.
Emmel immediately noticed the damage that the fragile papyruses and leather binding had sustained—likely during the few years since their discovery.
"When I saw the codex in 1983 it was fragile, but the 30 or so surviving leaves were still in pretty good condition," said Emmel, now a professor of Coptic studies at the University of Münster in Germany.
"If a papyrus conservator could have gone to work on it immediately, we would have had about 30 complete, or nearly complete, leaves, which would make some 60 pages of text," he said.
"As it is, every one of those leaves broke into pieces, and many fragments are now missing—most probably lost forever."
Hanna demanded three million U.S. dollars—far more than what Emmel and the other scholars could pay—and the meeting ended. The manuscripts once again vanished from scholarly view.
In 1984 the manuscripts' Egyptian owner again offered them for sale, this time in New York City. Finding no takers, Hanna deposited them in a bank safe-deposit box in Hicksville, New York.
Finally, Zürich, Switzerland-based antiquities dealer Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos bought the codex in April 2000—though its full contents remained a mystery.
Tchacos turned the documents over to experts at Yale University's Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library for examination and possible sale.
Yale papyrus expert Robert Babcock discovered the startling truth—Tchacos held the Gospel of Judas, previously known only from mentions in texts like those by St. Irenaeus. But Yale passed on purchasing the gospel because of concerns about its provenance.
Tchacos endured another failed sale attempt later that year, this time to U.S. dealer Bruce Ferrini. Ferrini took possession of the gospel in return for two postdated checks. In the following months Tchacos became increasingly convinced that Ferrini did not have sufficient funds and engaged several prominent antiquities dealers to pressure Ferrini to return the codex to her.
Finally, Tchacos transferred the codex to the Maecenas Foundation for Ancient Art, based in Basel, Switzerland. The foundation later teamed with the Washington, D.C.-based National Geographic Society and the La Jolla, California-based Waitt Institute for Historical Discovery to restore, translate and publish the gospel. (National Geographic News is part of the National Geographic Society.) Pages of the gospel were unveiled at National Geographic headquarters today and will go on public view tomorrow at the National Geographic Museum. All pages will eventually be returned to Egypt and housed permanently in Cairo's Coptic Museum. ...
Though authentic, the codex's condition is alarmingly poor, having deteriorated badly since Emmel's 1983 inspection. By the time the Maecenas Foundation for Ancient Art called in Kasser and other experts to examine the codex, its leather binding had come undone. The ancient papyrus pages had been scattered into nearly a thousand fragments that crumbled at even the slightest touch. In places the pages were so blackened that the handwritten Coptic script was illegible. The sheets had also been reorganized in a random pattern—possibly to boost buyer appeal by putting better pages on top. The original page order was lost.
"Our codex—clearly in such a fragile state that no researcher in his right mind would dare touch it in order to consult it—looked as if it were to ready to crumble, squeezed at the bottom of a box whose dimensions were barely larger that those of the manuscript itself," Kasser recalled.
Yet a team of expert preservationists became detectives to reconstruct the Gospel of Judas and the codex's other writings: a text titled James (also known as First Apocalypse of James), a Letter of Peter to Philip, and a fragment of a fourth text scholars are provisionally calling the Book of Allogenes.
"It took a leap of faith, sustained by hope, with no guarantee of success, yet there was a probability of success. … It was worth trying," Kasser said.
Aided by a computer program, restoration expert Florence Darbre and Coptic scholar Gregor Wurst, were able to painstakingly reconstruct most of the manuscript, fragment by fragment, over a period of five years.
"Restored and put under glass, the folios could be gingerly handled, and it was possible to photograph all the pages," he said. "Those pages could be photographed, studied, read, transcribed, and translated."
Incredibly, the team was able to recreate some 90 to 95 percent of the manuscript and produce a nearly complete translation. Some sections may be forever lost, due to holes in the original papyruses, but scholars hope to fill them in as they finish their herculean task—an additional half page recently surfaced in New York City.
Yesterday I wrote to Michel van Rijn, asking if he knew how to contact Bruce Ferrini, the last known owner. Michel kindly replied, and allowed me to reproduce this comment:
Thanks your email. Ferrini is keeping himself unreachable... Yes Ferrini sold pages of the Judas, Exodus and mathematical treatise.
Pages of the Exodus were sold to James E. Ferrell and are now part of the Ink and Blood traveling exhibition... The mathematical treatise was sold by Ferrini together with Sam Fogg, London, to Lord Thomson of Fleet, Canada.
Little of this is good news, although if Lord Thomson has one of the texts, at least that is a safe and secure home for it. But for the others, I can imagine a codex which has been reduced to a pile of fragments, of which saleable leaves are being sold, and the remainder, no doubt, thrown away. Can nothing be done to stop this destruction? -- RP. Postscript, 13th April: Sam Fogg tells me that he knows of no such transaction, and doesn't believe Lord Thomson has such a item.
An article by Jon Christian Ryter contains various interesting details, and sensible comments on attempts to misrepresent the text. Excerpts:
The publishing rights of the recently found "lost" gospel of Judas Iscariot----which was converted into a made-for-TV spectacular on Sunday, April 9 on the National Geographic Channel----was secured by the National Geographic Society for a contribution to the manuscript's owner----the Maecenas Foundation for Ancient Art----purported to be more than $1 million to date. (The money was contributed by Gateway Computer founder Ted Waitt.) The Society has now embarked on a concerted effort to mainstream the apocryphal 3rd, 4th or 5th century AD papyrus manuscript as the legitimate diary of Judas Iscariot. The Gospel of Judas suggests that Judas was instructed by Christ to betray Him to the Sanhedrin so that His death would fulfill the Old Testament Messianic prophecies.
The Society plans several magazine articles, television specials and, they said, book deals as the controversy over the ethics of accepting ancient acquisitions on their own merit heats up in the media. ...
James M. Robinson, professor emeritus at Claremont Graduate University, America's leading expert on ancient religious texts from Egypt, said that while the codex is old, it simply isn't old enough. "Does it go back to Judas? No." Robinson told the Associated Press. "There are a lot of second-, third- and fourth- century gospels attributed to various apostles. We don't really assume they give us any first century information."
In his new book, The Secrets of Judas (Harper-SanFrancisco), Robinson describes the secret maneuvering between Mario Jean Roberty, the Swiss lawyer who founded the Maecenas Foundation for Ancient Art, his client, Frieda Nussberger-Tchakos who bought the codex in 1999 for $300 thousand, Michael van Rijn----an art dealer, confidence man, smuggler, forger and author of an expose on art antiquities, Hot Art, Cold Cash; and two other key players----Ali and Hicham Aboutaam who are the two most notorious cultural heritage thieves in the world. Robinson's book deals with a two decade sales pitch by Roberty----first to buy, and then to sell the content of the Judas manuscript. The asking price was $10 million, but Roberty let it be known that the right buyer could steal it for $3 million.
However, the Maecenas Foundation was not allowed to sell the document under a Swiss law that forbids the sale of illegal antiquities. In other words, the "ownership pedigree"----the legal chain of ownership----of the codex has not been clearly established. Since Roberty cannot legally sell the codex he did the next best thing, he's selling the content. According to Roberty, he bought the codex from Tchakos in 2001 for $1.5 million and 50% the proceeds from the sale of its content. Roberty claims to have already spent more than $1 million on its restoration. Roberty may have found the fund-raisers best scheme and the National Geographic Society has the credibility to give the pseudepigraphic document the aura of authenticity it has thus far lacked....
The Coptic Orthodox Church has dismissed the codex as non-Christian babbling resulting from a group of people trying to create a false 'amalgam' between Greek mythology, the Far East religions and Christianity. The codex was written by a group of people who were alien to the main Christian stream of early Christianity. "The texts," Metropolitan Bishoy, the theological leader of the Coptic Orthodox Church. said. "are neither reliable nor accurate Christian texts, as they are historically and logically alien to the main Christian thinking, and philosophy of the early and present Christians."
The National Geographic much hyped documentary shows only a meagre thirteen pages, with text on both sides! When the Judas Gospel was first on the market in 1983 in Geneva, and seen by eminent American Coptologist, Stephen Emmel, he declared that he had inspected sixty pages of text of the Judas Gospel.
According to Akron based manuscript magician, 'now you see it, now you don't', Bruce Ferrini, there were only twenty-five pages with text on both sides left, when he 'bought' it from Frieda Tchacos.
Frieda, who in the documentary claims to be the saviour of mankind, modestly stating to be the chosen one to 'save' the gospel for prosperity, forgets to mention that instead of going for a Sainthood, she was marketing the manuscript for $1.5 million to Ferrini, immediately after she bought it in April 2000.
Your inkslingers exposure on my website of the coven 'owning' the Judas Gospel and simultaneously shedding light on the true provenance, proving that it was stolen and smuggled from Egypt, made the Gospel a hot potato and forced the fence-conspirators to make a deal with the Egyptian authorities for its return in exchange of having the right to publish and restore the Gospel.
The conspirators are still hoping to make a fortune out of the intellectual rights, while most of the Judas Gospel has been already revealed, free of charge, on MvR.nl
Bruce 'Scissorhands' Ferrini, who is widely suspected of having seriously shortened the Gospel, exhibited one page without identifying it as coming from the Judas Gospel in his exhibition "From the Dead Sea Scrolls to the Forbidden Book" in 2005.
In the anaesthetic one and an half hour documentary it is claimed that 85% of the entire Judas Gospel is complete…
National Geographic have placed an online viewer application which allows you to look at and zoom in on selected pages of the manuscript at http://www9.nationalgeographic.com/ngm/gospel/magnifier.html.
In Tatters. Photograph by Kenneth Garrett. Camera: Nikon D2X. Format: Digital. Lens: 60mm. Speed and F-Stop: 1/8 @ f/9. Weather Conditions: Indoors. Time of Day: Midmorning. Lighting Techniques: Full-spectrum daylight light banks. Lost for nearly 1,700 years, the Gospel of Judas came to light within an ancient, crumbling, leather-bound papyrus manuscript that was discovered in Middle Egypt during the 1970s and bought in 2000 by a Zürich antiquities dealer....
Moment of Truth. Photograph by Kenneth Garrett. Camera: Nikon F6. Format: Fujichrome Provia. Lens: 17-35mm, f/2.8 Nikkor zoom. Speed and F-Stop: 1/8 @ f/4. Weather Conditions: Indoors. Time of Day: Late afternoon. Lighting Techniques: Small handheld video lights. Sacrificing a bit of the manuscript for science, conservator Florence Darbre cuts away a tiny sample of papyrus for Tim Jull of the University of Arizona, at right, who tested its age using carbon-14 dating. Results indicate the papyrus dates to A.D. 280, plus or minus 60 years.
This is the text placed online at the New York Times site. It was originally referred to as an extract. The Coptic text and English translation in PDF form are here.
Translated by Rodolphe Kasser, Marvin Meyer, and Gregor Wurst, in collaboration with François Gaudard
The secret account of the revelation that Jesus spoke in conversation with Judas Iscariot during a week three days before he celebrated Passover.
When Jesus appeared on earth, he performed miracles and great wonders for the salvation of humanity. And since some [walked] in the way of righteousness while others walked in their transgressions, the twelve disciples were called.
He began to speak with them about the mysteries beyond the world and what would take place at the end. Often he did not appear to his disciples as himself, but he was found among them as a child.
One day he was with his disciples in Judea, and he found them gathered together and seated in pious observance. When he [approached] his disciples, [34] gathered together and seated and offering a prayer of thanksgiving over the bread, [he] laughed.
The disciples said to [him], “Master, why are you laughing at [our] prayer of thanksgiving? We have done what is right.”
He answered and said to them, “I am not laughing at you. <You> are not doing this because of your own will but because it is through this that your god [will be] praised.”
Jesus said to them, “How do you know me? Truly [I] say to you, no generation of the people that are among you will know me.”
When his disciples heard this, they started getting angry and infuriated and began blaspheming against him in their hearts.
When Jesus observed their lack of [understanding, he said] to them, “Why has this agitation led you to anger? Your god who is within you and […] [35] have provoked you to anger [within] your souls. [Let] any one of you who is [strong enough] among human beings bring out the perfect human and stand before my face.”
But their spirits did not dare to stand before [him], except for Judas Iscariot. He was able to stand before him, but he could not look him in the eyes, and he turned his face away.
Judas [said] to him, “I know who you are and where you have come from. You are from the immortal realm of Barbelo. And I am not worthy to utter the name of the one who has sent you.”
Knowing that Judas was reflecting upon something that was exalted, Jesus said to him, “Step away from the others and I shall tell you the mysteries of the kingdom. It is possible for you to reach it, but you will grieve a great deal. [36] For someone else will replace you, in order that the twelve [disciples] may again come to completion with their god.”
Judas said to him, “When will you tell me these things, and [when] will the great day of light dawn for the generation?”
His disciples said to him, “Lord, what is the great generation that is superior to us and holier than us, that is not now in these realms?”
When Jesus heard this, he laughed and said to them, “Why are you thinking in your hearts about the strong and holy generation? [37] Truly [I] say to you, no one born [of] this aeon will see that [generation], and no host of angels of the stars will rule over that generation, and no person of mortal birth can associate with it, because that generation does not come from […] which has become […]. The generation of people among [you] is from the generation of humanity […] power, which [… the] other powers […] by [which] you rule.”
Another day Jesus came up to [them]. They said to [him], “Master, we have seen you in a [vision], for we have had great [dreams …] night […].”
They [said, “We have seen] a great [house with a large] altar [in it, and] twelve men----they are the priests, we would say----and a name; and a crowd of people is waiting at that altar, [until] the priests [… and receive] the offerings. [But] we kept waiting.”
They [said, “Some …] two weeks; [some] sacrifice their own children, others their wives, in praise [and] humility with each other; some sleep with men; some are involved in [slaughter]; some commit a multitude of sins and deeds of lawlessness. And the men who stand [before] the altar invoke your [name], [39] and in all the deeds of their deficiency, the sacrifices are brought to completion […].”
Jesus said to them, “Why are you troubled? Truly I say to you, all the priests who stand before that altar invoke my name. Again I say to you, my name has been written on this […] of the generations of the stars through the human generations. [And they] have planted trees without fruit, in my name, in a shameful manner.”
Jesus said to them, “Those you have seen receiving the offerings at the altar----that is who you are. That is the god you serve, and you are those twelve men you have seen. The cattle you have seen brought for sacrifice are the many people you lead astray [40] before that altar. […] will stand and make use of my name in this way, and generations of the pious will remain loyal to him. After hi another man will stand there from [the fornicators], and another [will] stand there from the slayers of children, and another from those who sleep with men, and those who abstain, and the rest of the people of pollution and lawlessness and error, and those who say, ‘We are like angels’; they are the stars that bring everything to its conclusion. For to the human generations it has been said, ‘Look, God has received your sacrifice from the hands of a priest’----that is, a minister of error.
But it is the Lord, the Lord of the universe, who commands, ‘On the last day they will be put to shame.’” [41]
Jesus said [to them], “Stop sac[rificing …] which you have […] over the altar, since they are over your stars and your angels and have already come to their conclusion there. So let them be [ensnared] before you, and let them go [----about 15 lines missing----] generations […]. A baker cannot feed all creation [42] under [heaven]. And […] to them […] and […] to us and […].
Jesus said to them, “Stop struggling with me. Each of you has his own star, and every[body----about 17 lines missing----] [43] in […] who has come [… spring] for the tree […] of this aeon […] for a time […] but he has come to water God’s paradise, and the [generation] that will last, because [he] will not defile the [walk of life of] that generation, but […] for all eternity.”
Jesus said, “The souls of every human generation will die. When these people, however, have completed the time of the kingdom and the spirit leaves them, their bodies will die but their souls will be alive, and they will be taken up.”
Jesus said, “It is impossible [44] to sow seed on [rock] and harvest its fruit. [This] is also the way […] the [defiled] generation […] and corruptible Sophia […] the hand that has created mortal people, so that their souls go up to the eternal realms above. [Truly] I say to you, […] angel […] power will be able to see that […] these to whom […] holy generations […].”
Judas said, “Master, as you have listened to all of them, now also listen to me. For I have seen a great vision.”
When Jesus heard this, he laughed and said to him, “You thirteenth spirit, why do you try so hard? But speak up, and I shall bear with you.”
Judas said to him, “In the vision I saw myself as the twelve disciples were stoning me and [45] persecuting [me severely]. And I also came to the place where […] after you. I saw [a house …], and my eyes could not [comprehend] its size. Great people were surrounding it, and that house <had> a roof of greenery, and in the middle of the house was [a crowd----two lines missing----], saying, ‘Master, take me in along with these people.’”
[Jesus] answered and said, “Judas, your star has led you astray.” He continued, “No person of mortal birth is worthy to enter the house you have seen, for that place is reserved for the holy. Neither the sun nor the moon will rule there, nor the day, but the holy will abide there always, in the eternal realm with the holy angels. Look, I have explained to you the mysteries of the kingdom [46] and I have taught you about the error of the stars; and […] send it […] on the twelve aeons.”
Jesus answered and said to him, “Come, that I [----two lines missing----], but that you will grieve much when you see the kingdom and all its generation.”
When he heard this, Judas said to him, “What good is it that I have received it? For you have set me apart for that generation.”
Jesus answered and said, “You will become the thirteenth, and you will be cursed by the other generations----and you will come to rule over them. In the last days they will curse your ascent [47] to the holy [generation].”
Jesus said, “[Come], that I may teach you about [secrets] no person [has] ever seen. For there exists a great and boundless realm, whose extent no generation of angels has seen, [in which] there is [a] great invisible [Spirit], which no eye of an angel has ever seen, no thought of the heart has ever comprehended, and it was never called by any name.
“A great angel, the enlightened divine Self-Generated, emerged from the cloud. Because of him, four other angels came into being from another cloud, and they became attendants for the angelic Self-Generated. The Self-Generated said, [48] ‘Let […] come into being […],’ and it came into being […]. And he [created] the first luminary to reign over him. He said, ‘Let angels come into being to serve [him],’ and myriads without number came into being. He said, ‘[Let] an enlightened aeon come into being,’ and he came into being. He created the second luminary [to] reign over him, together with myriads of angels without number, to offer service. That is how he created the rest of the enlightened aeons. He made them reign over them, and he created for them myriads of angels without number, to assist them.
“Adamas was in the first luminous cloud that no angel has ever seen among all those called ‘God.’ He [49] […] that […] the image […] and after the likeness of [this] angel. He made the incorruptible [generation] of Seth appear […] the twelve […] the twentyfour […]. He made seventy-two luminaries appear in the incorruptible generation, in accordance with the will of the Spirit. The seventy-two luminaries themselves made three hundred sixty luminaries appear in the incorruptible generation, in accordance with the will of the Spirit, that their number should be five for each.
“The twelve aeons of the twelve luminaries constitute their father, with six heavens for each aeon, so that there are seventy-two heavens for the seventy-two luminaries, and for each [50] [of them five] firmaments, [for a total of] three hundred sixty [firmaments …]. They were given authority and a [great] host of angels [without number], for glory and adoration, [and after that also] virgin spirits, for glory and [adoration] of all the aeons and the heavens and their firmaments.
“The multitude of those immortals is called the cosmos---- that is, perdition----by the Father and the seventy-two luminaries who are with the Self-Generated and his seventytwo aeons. In him the first human appeared with his incorruptible powers. And the aeon that appeared with his generation, the aeon in whom are the cloud of knowledge and the angel, is called [51] El. […] aeon […] after that […] said, ‘Let twelve angels come into being [to] rule over chaos and the [underworld].’ And look, from the cloud there appeared an [angel] whose face flashed with fire and whose appearance was defiled with blood. His name was Nebro, which means ‘rebel’; others call him Yaldabaoth. Another angel, Saklas, also came from the cloud. So Nebro created six angels----as well as Saklas----to be assistants, and these produced twelve angels in the heavens, with each one receiving a portion in the heavens.
“The twelve rulers spoke with the twelve angels: ‘Let each of you [52] […] and let them […] generation [----one line lost----] angels’: The first is [S]eth, who is called Christ.
“Then Saklas said to his angels, ‘Let us create a human being after the likeness and after the image.’ They fashioned Adam and his wife Eve, who is called, in the cloud, Zoe. For by this name all the generations seek the man, and each of them calls the woman by these names. Now, Sakla did not [53] com[mand …] except […] the gene[rations …] this […]. And the [ruler] said to Adam, ‘You shall live long, with your children.’”
Jesus said, “Why are you wondering about this, that Adam, with his generation, has lived his span of life in the place where he has received his kingdom, with longevity with his ruler?”
Jesus said, “This is why God ordered Michael to give the spirits of people to them as a loan, so that they might offer service, but the Great One ordered Gabriel to grant spirits to the great generation with no ruler over it----that is, the spirit and the soul. Therefore, the [rest] of the souls [54] [----one line missing----].
“[…] light [----nearly two lines missing----] around […] let […] spirit [that is] within you dwell in this [flesh] among the generations of angels. But God caused knowledge to be [given] to Adam and those with him, so that the kings of chaos and the underworld might not lord it over them.”
Jesus said, “Truly I say to you, for all of them the stars bring matters to completion. When Saklas completes the span of time assigned for him, their first star will appear with the generations, and they will finish what they said they would do. Then they will fornicate in my name and slay their children [55] and they will […] and [----about six and a half lines missing----] my name, and he will […] your star over the [thir]teenth aeon.”
[Jesus] answered [and said], “I am not laughing [at you] but at the error of the stars, because these six stars wander about with these five combatants, and they all will be destroyed along with their creatures.”
Jesus said, “Truly I say [to you], this baptism [56] […] my name [----about nine lines missing----] to me. Truly [I] say to you, Judas, [those who] offer sacrifices to Saklas […] God [----three lines missing----] everything that is evil.
“But you will exceed all of them. For you will sacrifice the man that clothes me. Already your horn has been raised, your wrath has been kindled, your star has shown brightly, and your heart has […]. [57]
“Truly […] your last […] become [----about two and a half lines missing----], grieve [----about two lines missing----] the ruler, since he will be destroyed. And then the image of the great generation of Adam will be exalted, for prior to heaven, earth, and the angels, that generation, which is from the eternal realms, exists. Look, you have been told everything. Lift up your eyes and look at the cloud and the light within it and the stars surrounding it. The star that leads the way is your star.”
Judas lifted up his eyes and saw the luminous cloud, and he entered it. Those standing on the ground heard a voice coming from the cloud, saying, [58] […] great generation […] … image […] [----about five lines missing----].
[…] Their high priests murmured because [he] had gone into the guest room for his prayer. But some scribes were there watching carefully in order to arrest him during the prayer, for they were afraid of the people, since he was regarded by all as a prophet. They approached Judas and said to him, “What are you doing here? You are Jesus’ disciple.”
(This article clarifies much about the transfers of money that surrounded the manuscript most recently, and who will profit from it. RP.)
The National Geographic Society released yesterday the first modern translation of the ancient Gospel of Judas, which depicts the most reviled villain in Christian history as a devoted follower who was simply doing Jesus's bidding when he betrayed him.
The text's existence has been known since it was denounced as heresy by the bishop of Lyon in A.D. 180, but its contents had remained an almost total mystery. Unlike the four gospels of the New Testament, it describes conversations between Jesus and Judas Iscariot during the week before Passover in which Jesus tells Judas "secrets no other person has ever seen."
The other apostles pray to a lesser God, Jesus says, and he reveals to Judas the "mysteries of the kingdom" of the true God. He asks Judas to help him return to the kingdom, but to do so, Judas must help him abandon his mortal flesh: "You will sacrifice the man that clothes me," Jesus tells Judas, and acknowledges that Judas "will be cursed by the other generations."
Scholars said the 26-page document was written on 13 sheets of papyrus leaf in ancient Egyptian, or Coptic, and was bound as a book known as a codex. It is one of dozens of sacred texts from the Christian Gnostics, who believed that salvation came through secret knowledge conveyed by Jesus.
Its anonymous author was "obviously a Christian person very sympathetic to a Gnostic point of view," said Coptic scholar Marvin Meyer, of Orange, Calif.'s Chapman University. The codex was written in the 2nd century, when various groups of Christians circulated what they called gospels -- "good news" -- purportedly written by most of the disciples and several other followers of Jesus, among them Mary Magdalene.
Most were outlawed during a centuries-long battle to determine which sacred texts would make up the canon of Christian orthodoxy known today as the New Testament.
National Geographic, which funded much of the research, said it authenticated the codex through radiocarbon dating, ink analysis and study of the script. And despite the document's murky history, no scholar has suggested it is a forgery, a problem that has dogged several recent finds, most notably the bone box, or ossuary, purported to have contained the remains of Jesus's brother James.
As an authentic ancient Gnostic text, the Gospel of Judas is certain to spark a surge of interest by both theologians and the faithful, but scholars said it is unclear whether it will prompt a reevaluation of the traitor denounced by Matthew for betraying Jesus for "30 pieces of silver."
"At one level, the Gospels already see the betrayal as a mysterious part of God's plan," said the Rev. Donald Senior, president of the Catholic Theological Union in Chicago. He predicted the new text would produce "a short-term sensation" but that after Christians read it, "the impact on the lives of ordinary believers will be minimal."
The ancient manuscript, a 3rd- or 4th-century translation of a 2nd-century original, probably written in Greek, was unearthed by looters near El Minya, Egypt, in the 1970s. It came to the attention of scholars in 1983 when an Egyptian antiquities dealer tried to sell it to American researchers for $3 million.
After the document passed through several hands and venues, including 16 years deteriorating in a safe deposit box in Hicksville, N.Y., National Geographic reached an agreement in 2004 to help finance its authentication and translation in return for publication rights.
Terry Garcia, National Geographic's executive vice president for mission programs, said at a news conference that the society had contributed "more than $1 million" to the project so far. The organization released two books yesterday: an annotated translation and the story of how the text came to light. The gospel will also generate a magazine cover article, a television documentary, an exhibit and its own Web site.
The arrangement between National Geographic and the Switzerland-based Maecenas Foundation for Ancient Art, the manuscript's current owner, raised long-standing questions about how such transactions may effectively legitimize illegal traffic in antiquities.
"The Swiss who bought it couldn't sell it for a profit because of laws that say you can't sell illegal antiquities," said Claremont Graduate University theologian James M. Robinson, the Coptic scholar first approached to purchase the gospel 26 years ago. "Instead of selling the papyrus, they decided to market the contents." The foundation said it intends to donate the codex to the Coptic Museum in Cairo once it is fully restored.
Ted Waitt, founder of computer-maker Gateway Inc., donated approximately $1 million to underwrite National Geographic's efforts. National Geographic, in turn, passed this money on to Mario Jean Roberty, a Swiss lawyer who heads the Maecenas Foundation.
Roberty said in an interview that he purchased the codex in February 2001 from a Swiss antiquities dealer, Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos, for $1.5 million plus half of all future proceeds from the document.
He said he also put more than $1 million into the initial restoration of the manuscript, underwriting the efforts of Coptic scholar Rodolphe Kasser and others for five years to piece together more than 1,000 papyrus fragments before National Geographic got involved. "I'm still on the nervous side economically," Roberty said. "I have to take in another $2.3 million before I break even."
So far, the biggest financial beneficiary appears to be Nussberger-Tchacos, who paid about $300,000 for the codex, according to National Geographic, which is poised to generate substantial revenue from its publications. Garcia said Maecenas would receive "some compensation" from book sales.
"They have to earn back their money, and they're trying to sell their books on all sides," Robinson said of National Geographic. "That's why they're publishing it around Easter and before the release of 'The Da Vinci Code,' " he added, referring to the film version of the popular book.
But Hershel Shanks, editor of Biblical Archaeology Review, said that because of National Geographic, "at least the text seems to be becoming available, and that's good. The price is that they've had to be part of a scheme to increase its value."
Besides the Gospel of Judas, the codex includes three other texts. Two were known to scholars from the Nag Hammadi Library, a trove of Gnostic manuscripts found in Egypt in 1945. The third, provisionally titled the Book of Allogenes, or the "stranger," is badly fragmented, members of the translation team said.
Biblical scholars said the Gospel of Judas differs from the four New Testament Gospels in at least two important ways. First, it portrays Judas not as the betrayer of Jesus but as the most favored of his disciples, the only one who truly understood Jesus.
Some scholars suggested that view -- if it had been accepted -- might have lessened anti-Semitism over the centuries. "The story of the betrayal of Jesus by Judas gave a moral and religious rationale to anti-Jewish sentiment, and that's what made it persistent and vicious," said Princeton University professor Elaine Pagels.
Second, the Gospel of Judas offers a new creation story, depicting the evil world as the product of a bloodthirsty, foolish lower deity, rather than the higher, true God. This duality "is why this gospel could never be accepted by orthodox Christianity," said Bart D. Ehrman, chairman of religious studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Scholars disagreed on whether the gospel sheds any new light on the historical Jesus and Judas Iscariot. Senior, the Catholic priest, said he saw "no evidence that it has a legitimate historical basis" and thought it probably was written by Gnostics who retrospectively attributed their own beliefs to Judas.
But Craig Evans, a professor at Acadia Divinity College in Nova Scotia, said the New Testament also may hint at the new text's central theme -- that Jesus instructed Judas in private to betray him.
In the Book of John, Evans noted, Jesus tells Judas at the Last Supper, "Do quickly what you are going to do," and none of the other disciples know what he means. Maybe the Gospel of Judas "points us in a direction where we can understand Judas's relationship to Jesus a little better," he said.
The Gospel of Judas, however, ends abruptly, drawing no conclusions about the consequences of betrayal: The arresting party "approached Judas and said to him, 'What are you doing here? You are Jesus' disciple.' Judas answered them as they wished. And he received some money and handed him over to them."
Today, April 6, 2006 starting 10:30 EST or 16:30 Swiss time, the press conference at National Geographic's headquarters in Washington will be
On the pages next to it, you will also find the publication of related material, including a transcription and translation of the Gospel of Judas.
On looking at National Geographic's "lost gospel" page, I find that the Coptic text and the full English translation is available for download from here. The full English text is also online at the NY Times here (although called 'extracts').
The Gospel of Judas. Edited by Rodolphe Kasser, Marvin Meyer, and Gregor Wurst with Additional Commentary by Bart D. Ehrman. Washington, D.C.: National Geographic Society, 2006. (ISBN 1-4262-0042-0, U.S.$22)
The codex contains not only the Gospel of Judas, but also a text titled James (otherwise known as the First Apocalypse of James), the Letter of Peter to Philip, and a fragment of a text that scholars are provisionally calling Book of Allogenes.
The codex, containing the Gospel of Judas, was discovered in the 1970s near El Minya, Egypt, and moved from Egypt to Europe to the United States. Once in the United States, it was kept in a safe-deposit box for 16 years on Long Island, New York, until antiquities dealer Frieda Nussberger-Tchacos bought it in April 2000. After two unsuccessful resale attempts, Nussberger-Tchacos----alarmed by the codex's rapidly deteriorating state----transferred it to the Maecenas Foundation for Ancient Art in Basel, Switzerland, in February 2001, for restoration and translation. The manuscript will be delivered to Egypt and housed in Cairo's Coptic Museum.
Several pages of the Gospel of Judas as well as pages from the other three texts in the codex will be on exhibit at National Geographic Society headquarters in Washington, D.C., beginning Friday, April 7, 2006, for a limited engagement. After Kasser and his team complete conserving and translating the manuscript, the codex will be given to Egypt, where it will be housed in Cairo's Coptic Museum.
Details of scientific examination -- radio carbon dating the papyri, multi-spectral imaging, paleography and ink analysis are here, with images. Key-points:
The National Geographic Society submitted five tiny samples of the Gospel of Judas for AMS testing at the University of Arizona's radiocarbon dating lab in Tucson----the same lab that dated the Dead Sea Scrolls. The Judas fragments included four minute pieces of papyrus and a small bit of the book's leather binding with a piece of attached papyrus page. No part of the ancient script was altered or damaged during this process. The results allowed lab experts to confidently date the papyruses to between A.D. 220 and 340. "The calibrated ages of the papyrus and leather samples are tightly clustered and place the age of the Codices within the third or fourth centuries A.D.," reported Tim Jull, director of Arizona's AMS facility, and research scientist Greg Hodgins.
Stephen Emmel, professor of Coptic studies at Germany's University of Munster, analyzed the Gospel of Judas ... "The kind of writing reminds me very much of the Nag 'Hammadi codices," he wrote, referring to a famed collection of ancient manuscripts. "It's not identical script with any of them. But it's a similar type of script, and since we date the Nag 'Hammadi codices to roughly the second half of the fourth century or the first part of the fifth century, my immediate inclination would be to say that the Gospel of Judas was written by a scribe in that same period, let's say around the year 400."
McCrone Associates, a firm specializing in forensic ink analysis, conducted a transmission electron microscopy (TEM) test on samples of the document's ink. The procedure uncovered the components used to create the ancient ink and found that they are consistent with ingredients in known inks from the third and fourth centuries A.D. The ink includes a carbon black constituent, in the form of soot, bound with a gum adhesive. An additional procedure, Raman spectroscopy analysis, established that the ink also included a metal-gallic component like those used in third-century iron-gall inks. McCrone Associates reports that the Gospel of Judas may have been penned with an early form of iron-gall ink that included a small amount of carbon black (soot). If so, it could be a previously unknown "missing link" between the ancient world's carbon-based inks and the iron-gall alternatives that became popular in medieval times.
The heresy-fighting bishop Irenaeus of Lyon, France, mentioned the Gospel of Judas about 180 AD, linking the writing to a Gnostic sect. Some two centuries later, Epiphanius, bishop of Cyprus, criticized the Gospel of Judas for treating the betrayer of Jesus as commendable, one who "performed a good work for our salvation."
Until recent years, no copy of the text was generally known to exist. It was not among, for instance, the 46 different apocryphal texts of the Nag Hammadi Library discovered 60 years ago this month in Egypt. Other fragmentary texts, such as the Gospel of Mary, were discovered well before that.
But in 2004, Rodolphe Kasser of the University of Geneva announced in Paris that by the end of 2005 he would be publishing translations of the Coptic-language version of the Gospel of Judas. As it turned out, the owner was a Swiss foundation, and the torn and tattered papyrus text had been hawked to potential buyers in North America and Europe for decades after it was found at Muhazafat Al Minya in Middle Egypt.
The "Judas" saga was confirmed in detail last month at the annual meeting of the Society of Biblical Literature in Philadelphia. Retired Claremont Graduate University professor James Robinson, general editor of the English edition of the Nag Hammadi Library, said he was first contacted in 1983 about negotiations to buy certain texts, including the Gospel of Judas. Many years later, he saw blurry photographs of part of the text.
Robinson said that early in November he learned that Kasser and several European, Canadian and U.S. scholars had signed agreements with the National Geographic Society to assist with a documentary film and a National Geographic article for an Easter 2006 release and a succession of three books.
Robinson was critical of the secrecy and inaccessibility surrounding the document----a recurring academic problem that delayed for decades the publishing of translations of some Dead Sea Scrolls and many Nag Hammadi codices. In his talk, Robinson called the practice "skullduggery"----with a glance at fellow panelist Marvin Meyer of Chapman University, a longtime colleague in the field and one of the contracted authors.
Meyer refused to describe the text's content, but he essentially confirmed the basic publishing arrangements to Robinson and to the Century at the Philadelphia meeting.
In amended remarks to his speech, Robinson said Meyer told him that he was sworn to secrecy----not by the document's owner but by the National Geographic Society, a procedure Meyer said was justified by the organization's large financial investment.
A spokeswoman for the National Geographic headquarters in Washington declined to comment. But Meyer said in a brief interview, "It will all be out for everyone to see by the spring." He added without elaboration, "It will be good. It will be good."
Hardly anything is known about the document's contents "other than a few personages" it names, said Robinson, identifying them as the mythological figure Allogenes (literally, "the stranger") known from some Nag Hammadi texts, and Satan, Jesus and Judas.
Another scholar, Charles Hedrick, who recently retired from Missouri State University, saw photographs of six damaged pages from the gospel in 2001. Hedrick agreed with Robinson that the original Gospel of Judas was probably written in Greek in the second century AD. Scholars also agree that the scribal hand used in the Coptic translation would date that text to the fourth or fifth century.
"I don't think it will unsettle the church," Hedrick said in an interview. "I mean we are not talking history here. We know very little about Judas from the New Testament, and some people have even challenged whether Judas was a historical person."
The Coptic texts, owned by the Maecenas Foundation, consist of 62 pages and also contain "The First Apocalypse of James" and "The Letter of Peter to Philip"----two texts also found at Nag Hammadi. How many of the 62 pages contain the Gospel of Judas has not been disclosed.
Hedrick said the last six pages of the Judas document describe a heavenly scene in which Allogenes is being tested and tried by Satan, followed by an earthly scene in which Jesus is being watched closely by scribes. At one point Judas is told, "Although you are evil at this place, you are a disciple of Jesus." The last line of the text says, according to Hedrick: "And he [Judas] took money and delivered him [Jesus] over."
So, Hedrick said, "it appears that Judas is working at the behest of God when he betrays Jesus as part of the divine plan." When translations of the Gospel of Judas are released with accompanying analyses, Hedrick expects that "there will be a lot of sensationalism, but it will dribble out, leaving only the scholars interested."
Yet, in academic and religious circles, the text may stir excitement for years, according to a scholar from the University of Ottawa. "It is a major discovery not only for Coptic, Gnostic or apocryphal studies, but also for ancient Judaism and early Christianity," said Pierluigi Piovanelli in an e-mail to colleagues in 2004 when the first plans to publish were announced.
Some scholarly discussions will focus on whether the document was produced by a branch of the Sethian Gnostics called Cainites by church leaders. The Cainites were said to have glorified Cain and other disgraced figures in the Bible because, according to Gnostic viewpoints, they were doing God's work.
Church discussions conceivably could revolve around the extent to which New Testament Gospels present events in Jesus' life and passion as ordained from the start. Judas Iscariot, depicted minimally by the Gospel of Mark, receives elaboration in Matthew, Luke and John. The latter Gospel says Satan entered Judas at the Last Supper just before Jesus told the disciple, "Do quickly what you are going to do."
For Robinson, the significance of the Gospel of Judas has to do not with first-century history but with second-century mythology. Still, he offered these half-serious reflections in his closing remarks last month: "Where would Christianity be, if there had been no Judas, and Jesus----instead of dying for our sins on the cross----had died of old age?" he asked. "So: Thank God for Judas? Even the most broadminded among us would call that heresy!"
[From the website of Michel van Rijn, 27th April 2005] (A letter from the codex owner, clarifying the processes by which the codices have been dispersed: RP):
First of all, I would like to thank you in Frieda's name and in my own name for your generous hospitality as well as for the time and brain force you have been spending on behalf of the Logos Project. We are very grateful for your assistance.
The subject on hand being extremely complex with its numerous ramifications and far reaching implications, I feel the need to pin down in writing the basic understandings we have reached during the last few days.
Tuesday morning, Frieda and Bruce met again and - under somewhat tensed circumstances - agreed upon some further aspects of their relationship. These agreements are also reflected in the following summary.
1. The Logos Project intends to save and publish the Gospel of Judas and other related manuscripts for the benefit of historical truth and to generate the funds necessary for this task as well as for the compensation of the expenses and efforts incurred by the promoters, leaving them with a decent profit.
3. In order to be able to pursue the Project responsibly, we first must ascertain that Mr. Hana A. Airian had obtained good legal and beneficial title to the manuscripts and that he had the right to sell these documents to Frieda. Upon my return to Basel, I shall analyze this question and transmit my findings for your examination.
4. Depending on the conclusions we will reach regarding Frieda's title to the manuscripts, we will decide on the further steps to be taken with regard to the legal protection of the Project, including - it necessary - notification to trie Egyptian authorities. In the meantime, you will be examining the question of possible restrictions in the field of copyrights resulting from using basic material for which no or uncertain title is held.
5. In order to legally protect the Project, geographical considerations are to be made. From a first analysis we have concluded that the U.S. are to be considered a potentially risky territory for the manuscripts due to political considerations possibly taking precedence over pure legal aspects, especially when involving application of principles of foreign law. European countries such as the UK, Germany, Austria, the Netherlands and Switzerland seem to offer a better legal protection of the Project.
6. The present state of the manuscripts is reason for great concern. It is imperative to start a professional conservation process as soon as possible.
7. A characteristic of the present state of the manuscripts consists in having pages and larger as well as smaller and minuscule fragments intermingled among the various manuscripts. In order to compose each page to its meaningful original context, all manuscripts snould be brought together in the same place. Here, Coptologists only can try to re-compose each page of the manuscripts which then can be professionally conserved between glass plates.
8. The whole conservation process preferably is to be conducted in a highly reputable private institution disposing of the necessary secure facilities (e.g. the Bodmer Foundation in Cologny) by outside professionals. This should guarantee the best possible control. The exploration and evaluation of such institution will be the first task to be carried out by the Foundation.
9. The promoters of the Project have incurred and will incur substantial expenses of money and time in order to realize the Project. It is a clear understanding that they shall be fully compensated and shall make a decent profit. On the other hand, it is understood that this Project leads into a dimension far beyond a commercial transaction. The manuscripts involved being of potential importance to a major part of mankind imposes an approach substantially different to an ordinary business transaction.
10. Therefore, the entity which shall realize the Project shouldn't be a commercial entity but the Logos Foundation as officially recognized charitable trust of public utility to be established under Swiss Law soon. I shall be submitting to you the draft for the establishment of this foundation within the next few weeks.
11. The Logos Foundation will receive by its founders an initial capital of USD 100'000.--Moreover, the actual owner of the manuscripts intends to make a partial donation of the manuscripts to the Foundation whereby all rights to the manuscripts as well as deriving from the manuscripts shall be transferred to the Logos Foundation against assignment of totally 80 % of the Foundation's future revenues from the commercialization of the manuscripts (i.e. from the exploitation of the deriving publishing rights etc. and ultimately - if legally admissible - from their sale).
12. Based on the above understandings, the agreements reached between Bruce and Frieda on September 9, 2000 have become obsolete and therefore
12.1 the Sales Agreement entered and signed In New York on September 9,2000 between Bruce and Frieda regarding the composite volume of at least three Coptic texts (First Apocalypse of James, Epistle of Peter to Philip and Gospel of Judas) has been cancelled;
12.2 the unformulated Sales Agreement of the same date and parties regarding three fragmentary manuscripts (Book of Exodus, Mathematical Treatise and Letters of Paul) has also been cancelled and
12.3 substituted by a new unformulated Sales Agreement by which Frieda sells to Bruce two fragmentary manuscripts (Mathematical Treatise and Letters of Paul) for a purchase price of totally USD 300'000.-- (three hundred thousand dollars US) payable on February 1, 2001. (This new agreement reflects a fact consumed by Bruce who has already disposed of these two manuscripts);
12.4 consequently, Bruce and Frieda are going to exchange the composite volume of at least three Coptic texts (First Apocalypse of James, Epistle of Peter to Philip and Gospel of Judas) as well as the Book of Exodus and the not expressly mentioned further fragments with two checks emitted by Bruce of USD 1'250'000.-- each, the first due on January 15,2001 and the second due on February 15. 2001. This exchange should take place at the earliest convenience;
12.5 moreover, in occasion of the above mentioned exchange, Bruce will guarantee his payment of USD 300'000.- under the new unformulated Sales Agreement by giving Frieda a new check over such amount, payable on February 1, 2001.
13. Immediately after the above described exchange has taken place, Frieda will set up the Logos Foundation in agreement with you and In accordance with the above described principles. She will then transfer the manuscripts to the Foundation entering into an agreement as described sub par. 11. above. The draft of such agreement shall be submitted to you.
14. Frieda will grant Bruce the option of acquiring half the rights assigned to her by the Foundation to the future revenues from the commercialization of the manuscripts against payment to her of USD 1'100'000.-- (one million one hundred thousand dollars US) (i.e. USD 750'000.-- corresponding to half the value of the composite volume plus USD 350'000.-- corresponding to hall the value of the Book of Exodus) and against donation to the Foundation of the same amounts she will have donated herself by then. This option shall be valid and exercisable until June 30, 2001.
15. The exercise of the above option will include Bruce's incorporation into the organs of the Foundation at exactly the same title as Frieda.
16. Frieda, and through her the Foundation, engage to consult and keep Bruce informed in advance about all intended decisions regarding the realization of the Logos Project until expiry of his option by June 30, 2001.
17. Whether Bruce will be joining the Foundation or not, he shall have the option to buy the Book of Exodus when the Foundation decides to sell this manuscript after having it conserved and after having ascertained its clear and transferrable title. The price for the exercise of this option shall be of USD 875'000.- (eight hundred and seventy-five dollars US) (i.e. 100 % of 700'000 = 80 %) plus cost of conservation plus interest at a rate of 6 % (six percent) since February 1, 2001. Bruce shall have ninety days since formal notification to exercise his option.
18. It is clearly understood by all persons involved that nobody, not even Bruce and Frieda but only the Foundation, will have the right to promulgate and commercialize any knowledge regarding, concerning or deriving from the manuscripts. Moreover, for the time being and until all legal aspects are clarified, it is in the best interest of the Project to maintain utmost secrecy about its existence.
19. In order to further clarify the relationship between Bruce and Frieda, they have decided to have Bruce returning to Frieda all objects he had received on consignment during this year. Some objects have already been returned and others are being shipped. Should Bruce wish to extend the consignment regarding specific objects, he would compile and send to Frieda a corresponding list.
20. The question of Bruce wanting to acquire the shares of Galerie Nefer AG, Zurich, has been suspended for the time being.
May I kindly askyou to verify together with Bruce the correctness of the above summary of understandings and to let me have your response and comments.
De publiciteit rond het zogenaamde evangelie van Judas is zorgvuldig getimed door de eigenaar van de tekst, die er alleen maar geld uit wil slaan. Dat meent prof.dr. Hans van Oort, gespecialiseerd in gnostiek, manicheïsme, Nag Hammadi en Augustinus. Op eigen houtje belegde hij een persconferentie als tegenwicht tegen "alle nonsens" die dezer dagen over het Judasevangelie wordt geschreven. Bijvoorbeeld dat 'het Vaticaan' er belang bij zou hebben dat het document niet gepubliceerd wordt.
The development of a continuing professional training system at INFORMATION SATELLITE SYSTEMS Joint-Stock Company (ISS JSC) and some specific problems that arise on its way from the planned to market economy are briefly ...
Ferie secolare : After the first English settlement at Holetown in 1627, Barbados remained a British colony until achieving independence from Britain on November 30th 1966. That first independence ceremony was accompanied by the raising of the Barbados National Flag, and playing of the National Anthem, for the first time. http://barbados.org/indepen.htm
Question Complaint Suggestion Advertise with us You have a business and you want to suggest a deal Jobs Together Deals App - Promote Your Business
Let us help you land a new job. Find real-world examples and detailed information on resumes, interviews, and everything it takes to get hired now!
A job search is not a race to find the first job you can get. You have to find the right job for you. At some point, you will need to evaluate a job offer or multiple job offers to decide on your future plans. This is an important...
The audiobook I narrated and produced has made its way through Audible's QA process and is now available for purchase on their site! It's my first audiobook, and I couldn't be much happier. Victor Hwang, the author, was a pleasure to work with, and I really enjoyed reading his book. It's a fascinating (and very well researched) look at what it takes to build a community that can grow and thrive with everyone working together. It has applications at virtually all levels of group interactions--from small organizations all the way up to entire geographic regions.
Today it is available only on Audible, but in the coming days it will appear on Amazon and iTunes as well.
Abstract The author describes this volume (see record 1997-09197-000) as an effort to share with a wider audience what is known and what is not known about how children learn to read and why some children fail to learn to read. The book is based on a conference sponsored by the National Dyslexia Research Foundation in the summer of 1995, on the subject of brain development, language acquisition, reading, and dyslexia. The volume has a broad coverage of the current cutting-edge research, theory, and issues concerning the phonological basis of reading difficulties. However, the authors assume the reader will have a thorough knowledge of psycholinguistic terms and ideas, a basic understanding of neuropsychological principles, and a working understanding of statistical procedures that many professionals interested in a foundation text on reading disabilities may not have. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)
Les moeurs :: Books & Periodicals (psychology textbooks; rare and antique books from the history of psychology, philosophy, and science; periodicals and serials)
Share your event with family and friends with live streaming video. Preserve your video memories online or to DVD. Click here to learn more.
Cabinets & Storages May 10, 2017. Accessories for your cabinets: Door pulls; crown molding and wine racks can be added to your cabinets for a finished style. For homes that prefer simplicity, long slender door pulls should be considered. To save money, have your cabinets installed by a professional, and do the door pulls yourself. Home improvement stores have a wide selection, as well as custom hardware can be ordered online and installed by you for a fraction of a professional installer. Accessories can take your cabinets from ordinary to one-of-a-kind!
Design May 09, 2017. Some kitchen peninsula designs are more storage-friendly than others. Most of them come with cabinets, but you can choose drawers, cubbies, or shelves instead. It is especially useful in open layouts, where it would benefit from display storage. For instance, a dining peninsula can look all the more impressive with glass tableware cabinets.
Design May 09, 2017. Unique designs are constantly emerging on the market, you only need to keep an eye out. Mammut floor kitchen hoods certainly look impressive, but you may require much more space to accommodate even one of those.
Kitchen Island & Carts May 10, 2017. They not only give you the right illumination that allows you to get the work done on the kitchen countertop, but also act as great décor additions even during daytime. When natural ventilation takes over, pendant lights still seem to retain their enigmatic charm. Here are some interesting and exception design ideas and inspirations that will hopefully spur you to add pendant lighting above your kitchen island as well.
Cabinets & Storages May 10, 2017. Carefully Choose Your Shelves: If you have metal shelves, try laying a cutting board or tray to allow storing of smaller items like flatware, food or salt and pepper shakers. Save drawer space for less attractive items like aluminum foil and plastic wrap, and keep pretty things at eye level.
Design May 10, 2017. Custom renovation – This is the ‘full throttle’ version of things and you will get the entire thing here as you can change pretty much every aspect of your kitchen and even bring down a wall or two (if your home permits that) to add more space as well.
Kitchen Island & Carts May 11, 2017. Concrete Kitchen Countertops, Concrete is durable, earthy and has a subtle textural feel to its pattern. The best part is that concrete can be customized with staining, textural treatments and different finishes.
Sinks Faucets May 10, 2017. Imagine these faucets in the kitchen or in the bathroom; either way, they prove not only helpful hence functional, but also decorate the desired space with a blend of industrial and contemporary.
I rode it for 45 minutes yesterday on the trainer and got what appears to be nowhere. Because I'm slow, it takes forever to get up it and its 16 miles long. Looks like a few more trainer sessions.
Guess its winter. I changed over to a kickr this year from a 20yr old computrainer (that was still going strong) simply because I wanted something with one less cable and direct drive. Kickr has a bigger flywheel and better feel, fwiw, but it amazes me what the ct did for its time.
Got to the alpine meadow above the first 2/3 switchbacks today in 1:30. Started strong, turned into a slug after the overhangs. Tomorrow will finish the summit climbs. Damn. Dudes raced this is the sleet.
I normally goes into hibernation this time of year. But it’s been warmer than usual so my bike keeps speaking to me to go ride OUTSIDE!
I finished it today and I must say it's fun to go over the top. Tons of motorcycles were there on the day they shot the video.
I kept track of what my trainer says the calories used were. It seems that it thinks I used 5,000 calories on the 16 mile climb.
Option B for free (for now) = BigRingVR, just in case anyone here doesnt hve a paid smart video software version of Stelvio or other climbs.
I've ridden it twice from the Prato side, and I'm now climbing it from the Bormio side. I think the Prato side is prettier, as the snow covered peaks are seen earlier and it has more rhythmic switchbacks.
The Bormio side does not have snow until much later, but it does have more tunnels. I've got ~10k left to go on the Bormio side, my first time up this way.
Rode that this morning at a reduced rate. I've been riding conservatively in view of my aneurysm, and I must say it's boring. The last and most accurate scan showed the aneurysm smaller than the previous imaging, so I'm no longer facing imminent surgery and am released to ride as I wish, though I have to kind of work into that mentally. Honkin' the full climb at full juice would be a good test....
I finished it from Bormio last night. That makes 3 times I've done it which is about 45 miles of climbing. I'm only good for about an hour of climbing and then I just get tired.
On the other hand I don't like flats or descending on a trainer as it seems a waste of time. I therefore tend to just climb which is my greatest weakness. I'm better on something like Liege- bastogne- liege where I can power over short climbs.
Rode Galibier South yesterday. VERY enjoyable climb, mostly 4-6%, with only the tippy top being 8. A nice hour and a half. I even did a 20 min test at the bottom on the flats and made it up no issue. And the descent is rideable if you power the flats and soft pedal the curves, actually a good short interval effort.
Dan, do you care to share any of the approaches or therapies are you engaged in for the aneurysm? Diet/avoidance/emphasis?
Happy to discuss these. I'm still learning and in some areas there is little research, so it seems there is some uncharted territory.
You want to avoid high blood pressure in general, and spikes in blood pressure from activities. So I've started low doses of metoprolol and atorvastatin, though I've never been treated for bp or cholesterol in the past. The clearest activity avoidance is heavy lifting or anything that causes you to "bear down" - specifically the Valsalves Maneuver, where you close the glottis and forcefully exhale (basically grunting I think). This causes blood pressure to skyrocket - so no moving refrigerators for me, and wood splitting and shoveling heavy snow are also off limits.
Otherwise diet and lifestyle are normal heart healthy, aerobic exercise is encouraged. I asked about high intensity riding up to max hr, and the surgeon and cardiologist thought that is OK, though I may take a bit off the top end. Not sure about stomping up 27% dirt Achambo Rd @2 mph at D2R2. But there is little research regarding high intensity exercise.
The surgeon in particular emphasizes I should "live my life" and not avoid trips to remote locations like Antarctica (or Aroostook County, Maine, where I am registered to ride BikeMaine next year).
Another scan in 6 months to see if the aneurysm is growing. If it's not, the monitoring interval gradually increases. The surgeon has one patient he monitors only every 2 years.
Very interesting, Valsalves Maneuver, of course it has a name. The lifelong association of that sound to aging has always been a sign. Now it's shown to be part of a feedback loop.
Valsalva ... causes blood pressure to skyrocket - so no moving refrigerators for me, and wood splitting and shoveling heavy snow are also off limits.
Presumably, 'healthy diet encouraged' also means avoiding extreme constipation-related straining via valsava maneuvers
This morning I concluded the worst way to start your day is to jump out of bed, stand on your tip toes, point to the ceiling and stretch. </irony>
Metoprolol and statins: My GP is unusual in that he talks science and research without prompting. Early this year he said ~"After initial patient screening, beta blockers and statins seem to have health benefits beyond their initially prescribed purposes. They've been on the market long enough that there is a large subject pool. We don't know why, but the data shows they extend life significantly."
Valsalva: Thank you for bringing this to my attention. I am surprised how many times a day I "expire against a closed glottis." Awareness is important.
The country’s only rural insolvency specialist believes more rural businesses will face going to the wall in the next 12 months.
A group of sheep farmers from the Scottish/English border has recently opened a debate on the marketing of prime lamb. A debate is long overdue given the competition that lamb faces on the retail shelf from other meats.
Most farmers have now seen the light and are convinced of the advantages of industry consolidation, according to Natural Producers Company Chairman Murray Rohloff. The meat co-operative reform group is urging all farmers to support the recent Alliance Group Ltd initiative – as long as it is in the best interests of farmers. Alliance has […]
By David Burton For many farmers the hay stack looks a lot smaller this year than it has in years past. But unless a producer is planning on getting out of the business they might want to consider how they’re going to stretch that hay stack until spring. Here are a few things worth considering […]
By Jenny Graham of Rainey Collins19 February 2008 — An employee who was dismissed for repeatedly hitting a cow with a plastic pipe has lost his claim for unjustified dismissal. The cow was in such a distressed state that its leg became trapped and it required the attention of a veterinarian. The Employment Relations […]
Any young single women who are in search of love, and who fancy a farmer could do well to get hold of the latest edition of the Australian Women’s Weekly (NZ Edition).
The current dry period is causing serious problems for dairy farmers as it has arrived earlier than in previous years and has come off the back of a variable, and in some cases, very wet spring. “With the high milk payout influencing stock retention decisions on-farm, as well as the high cost of supplements, it […]
If you’re in Southland and your neighbours gorse and broom is starting to cause you problems then it’s time you called Environment Southland.
By Trudi BairdIf you are a self-employed farmer and not covered by ACC CoverPlus Extra you might want to consider it. This is the message from farm accountant leader David Russell, of New Plymouth, who has been making this recommendation to his own clients and to farm accountants throughout the country. But whether farmers […]
STEP 1. Begin with the guides. Once for the head and another for the body. STEP 2. Next, use the head guide to define the shape of the baby's or fetus' head. Since it is in a fetal position, the head should be crouched down as it curls into its own body. You will then draw the small line for the back of the baby's neck, then draw in the ear. STEP 3. Next, we will draw in the baby's shoulder, arm and the hand. Notice the hand looks like it is resting on something. You will be drawing the knee in the next step. STEP 4. As I said, you will now draw in the baby's leg, foot and bottom. Notice that the body is all curled up hence a fetal position. Add the detailing to the ankle and knee. STEP 5. On the left you will draw the baby's small hand, then proceed to step six. STEP 6. Lastly, draw the left leg and foot. Be sure to add the ball to the bottom of the foot to make it a bit realistic. Add detailing where needed, then proceed to erase your mistakes and guides. STEP 7. When your drawing is complete, you should end up with line art that looks like the baby or fetus you see here. Color in your fetus and add a womb like the finished colored image if you like. Step 1. Step 2. Step 3. Step 4. Step 5. Step 6. Step 7.
STEP 1. First you will make the beginning shape which is the folded in thumb and hand palm. STEP 2. Next, draw two shapes for the fingers; the pinky and ring finger. STEP 3. Now draw two of the main fingers which are the index and middle finger. STEP 4. Lastly, draw in the rest of the hand's palm on the left side, then you are done. STEP 5. Thank you for joining me with drawing peace fingers. Step 1. Step 2. Step 3. Step 4. Step 5.
Sophie isn't happy about moving away from home especially to a new country and a new school where the children aren't very nice to her. But when she meets Josephine, a friendly and very furry guinea pig, she learns to stand up to the mean children at school. With her super new friend and with all the delights that living in Paris brings, will Sophie be able to settle into her exciting new life? This warm and funny story is complemented by lovely illustrations. It is a great book for newly confident readers or for reading together.
Claude and his best friend Sir Bobblysock are off on their latest adventure. They discover a special competition at the local sports centre and are tremendously excited, even more so when they are asked to take part but this might not be as simple as they first thought. When some thieves try to steal the Gold Cup, can Claude run fast enough to catch them? Here is another super book in the Claude series, brilliantly written and illustrated by this extremely talented author / illustrator. It is action-packed and humorous from start to finish.
Here's a picture of one of the newest "Divas" of Rocky Meadow Rabbits -presenting BCM's Rosi (pronounced ROSEE) a stunning lilac agouti doe from BoxCar Menangerie. This girl has so much potentiapl we can't wait to show her and breed her -we feel she is definetely what a satin angora should be -stunningly shiny and so much density.
Here's two more pics of the bunnies for sale -on the left is a junior black satin angora doe -on the left is a chocolate German Hybrid Buck .
We also have the chestnut French angora doe and Chcolate chinchilla junior french buck pictured in the July archives of the blog for sale. There are still three black English available as well as 4 German bucks still up for grabs!
Will sex the satin litter as soon as they are a little bigger but there are three chestnut and 4 brokens that will be available -2 heavily marked chestnuts as well as a lightly marked chestnut and a lightly marked tort.
Well my little mystery fellow is still a mystery :) He's awfully cute though -i'm leaning towards tortioseshell though. He's very sociable -eyes are open adn he thinks I'm another food source as he tries to nurse my sleeve when I reach in the box to pet him and his siiblings - he and the black are spoke for but the other six are up for grabs or will be when they are older
So here they are still in the pot -bubbling and simmering gorgeous colours beyond compare -it can only mean one thing......Jared is dyeing again. How does he do it I'm frequently asked and the answer is "I have no idea" Jared is 8 and LOVES colour - he uses mainly Koolaid with vinegar and he is fearless when it comes to throwing colours together. On the left is orange, cherry and lemonade with some lemon lime -you can see the brightness already starting to form. On the right lemonade, lemonlime, orange and cherry for that extra brightness. Will post pictures of the rovings when they dry. Each pot is an 8 ounce lot of corriedale =perfect for socks, hats mitts or a felted bag!
Have other black english as well need to get sexed! $50 each for these guys as they are Vienna Marked (carry BEW genetics) Mom is VM Tort -dad is chocolate agouti -regsitered (2 GC legs)
All white all bucks Asking $75 each for these guys as they need to move out. 4 to chose from! Would love to trade for adifferent line buck if anybody is interested in swapping bloodlines
REW buck - mom is black 92.5% German bloodlines -dad is 100% German -nice colours in this guys background Asking $75
Satin Angoras - still to be sexed! Will be asking $80 each for these guys -there are 4 broken and 4 solid in the litter - 1 broken is already spoken for though :)
Already 544 visitors found here solutions for their art work. 1 users visited halloween background clipart free this week.
best pool alarm best pool alarm reviews all you need to know about alarms ul 2017 pool alarm requirements.
pool door alarm installation techko safe best alarms to keep your family pooleye reviews,best 5 swimming pool safety equipment that will keep your ul 2017 alarm requirements home depot above ground amazon,best pool alarm 1 above ground amazon techko ul 2017 wristband,pool alarm techko installation door for,pool alarm systems awesome best pictures guard reviews wristband,gri pool alarm installation techko door home depot best for top 7 pick and reviews,swimming pool alarms for dogs doberman alarm installation pooleye above ground pools round designs,pool turtle alarm wristband safety reviews top 5 best fence for your needs above ground and in 2018,pool alarm ul 2017 best reviews wristband,pooleye pool alarm installation reviews swimming alarms for child safety best above ground pools wristband.
This is perfect if you want open air or a step and repeat. With our beautiful backdrops, this is sure to take the perfect pictures. With its touchscreen design, your guests will have a wonderful time selecting the traditional photo strips, or maybe a gif or a boomerang video! Don't forget to ask about our green screen too! This is a perfect non-booth Kiosk for kids events too! We can tilt the camera for the little ones and tilt back for the tall ones!
It doesn't matter that we are showing all the pictures on a slideshow or that they will be posted in our gallery, guests tend to be a bit looser when they think no one is watching! This is the booth you want when you have a few shy folks; they tend to open up a bit more in an enclosed booth. Technically, we should tell you we can fit 8-10 guests, but our record is somewhere closer to 15!
This image is copyright protected. There is a fee for any use. This website is not a source of free images.
If you want to send a purchase request for this image, you need to log in or, if it is your first time, register.
There are no set prices for images - you need to register and can then ask the photographer direct. That's why we are called 'Photographers Direct'.
Cobham plc was founded in 1934 as Flight Refuelling Limited, developing systems for air-to-air refuelling of aircraft. It has since grown into a major UK defense contractor. It reports in four operating segments: Communications and Connectivity (38% of FY14 Revenue), Mission Systems (18%), Advanced Electronic Solutions (22%) and Aviation Services (22%). The company serves both commercial and military customers with a diverse range of produces from communication equipment, air refuelling systems, safety and survial systems, x-ray equipment and outsourced aviation services for military and civil customers.
© 2018 Copyright DividendChampions.UK. All rights reserved. Your use of this site signifies that you accept our terms and conditions of use. Important - please read the Privacy Policy.
Label: yellow office chair. mustard yellow office chairs. white oval table. officeworks yellow chair. round metal dining table. yellow swivel office chair. lilly pulitzer home. yellow office chair with arms.
Label: crosley granite top kitchen cart. black granite top kitchen cart. unique desk chairs. bamboo kitchen cart granite top. babyletto hudson 3-in-1 convertible crib with toddler rail. granite top kitchen island carts. two sided frame. granite top white kitchen cart.
Label: teak shower bench with shelf. diy teak shower shelf plans. comfortable sectional couches. teak shower bench with shelf uk. waterfall sink faucet. kohler teak shower shelf. air tub reviews. teak shower shelf attached.
Label: commercial electric led recessed lighting t61. commercial electric led recessed lighting. under desk cabinet.
Label: home theater carpet ideas. home theater carpet toronto. outside lighting fixtures. home theater carpet cheap. wall mounted wine racks. home theater carpet walls. white ceramic floor tile. home theater carpet color.