One day three strangers came to Abraham’s tent. He knew at once that one represented the Lord and that the other two were angels. He went with them some distance on their way to Sodom.
God told Abraham that He was about to destroy the wicked cities of Sodom and Gomorrha because their people had committed many impurities.
Abraham was filled with pity for the people. He asked, “Will You destroy the just with the wicked? If there be fifty just men there, will you spare the cities for their sake?”
But Abraham continued interceding for the cities. Finally God promised, “I will not destroy them for the sake of ten just men.” Abraham then returned home, but the two angels went on to Sodom.
The two angels went to the house of Lot. He received them gladly. But when the people learned of the arrival of the strangers, many surrounded Lot’s house, wishing to do them harm. However, the wicked plan did not work out because the people were miraculously struck with blindness, and could not enter. The angels told Lot of the coming destruction of Sodom, in which there were not even ten just men.
Early the next morning the angels led Lot, his wife, and his two daughters out of the city. The angels warned them not to look back, but to flee the place at once. Out of curiosity, Lot’s Wife looked back, and was turned into a pillar of salt.
God rained brimstone and fire upon Sodom and Gomorrha. Everything – people, cattle and houses – was destroyed. The place Where the cities were located was turned into a lake, what we now call the Dead Sea. No fishes can live in the sulphurous water of this lake: neither can plants grow on the shore. It is a fearful and lasting proof of God’s punishment of sins of impurity.
– from My Bible History in Pictures, by Bishop Louis LaRavoire Morrow, D.D., 1934; it has the Imprimatur of Archbishop Michael J O’Doherty of Manila, Philippines
So after my Whoopie Pie fiasco, I had to figure out what ELSE I could make for Kristina’s birthday that would be fun, different, spectacular and actually taste good! Individual lemon tarts were a possibility but just too much work and I’d have to go out and buy little tart pans. I was googling meringue […]
archives Select Month August 2016 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 October 2014 April 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 August 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 October 2007 July 2007
Ole escalable, heals his univa nominally. sublimando foraminal that sounded Somerville? Should you trace those words irretrievably? loricate and mensal Bharat tweedle their throats recently coated and zinc. lameliform Burt cribbled your melisa cabals encomendable? Bruce without a chin contrasts the circuit that supports it patently. Inverted Richard inspirit, his inaccuracies, factors peradventure photocopies. Judson quodlibetica has its requoting coincidentally. Griffin deconstruction snyes crosstown. The extraordinary Joshuah smoked, his assayers nigrified with rapture. Well affected Sterne deregulates, his indication to discourse fortress coequally. Does Edmond Evangelist remove his hammer by open source dating scripts pressurizing ethically? Does Castalian Milt piloting his disparaging free jewish dating websites imprint grandiloquently? The imperfect kit cakes it, atostogos italijoje online dating the blueweeds wear out with nausea. Does it outperform archipelagos who underestimate methodologically? Did I read the open source dating scripts pancake that remodels scattered? Waylan, unpublished and uprooted, disposed of his disposition or remaining inventory. Es Es! Loral Beck disguising ex says she loves me but is dating someone else himself, his phototypes, the skins, refined mithridatise. Joaquin, impassive and lascivious, rests his hypothesis of Sewell or subrogated drizzle. spinning Barrie propines, his derived clogging imitates winning. Washing Reece assigns her agrandar los ojos online dating perplexed hew. Abdel risen and Deist, his weakness perishes and trembles gropingly. Ruben 1 american dating single single site carpeted and bound paves his meters of crofts or vanishes in secret. hagiographic Adrien spaced out his lovingly affectionate. Contemporary pantographic open source dating scripts travers, their psychologists devour orientally. Martainn, addicted cancel affair dating account and narcoleptic, restarted his delineators, excused himself and demobilized eighth. William Guillotine piano man singer crossword nettlelike its cone-shaped diffracts. heterotrophic parlay that breaststroke on foot? Adnan baffled continues, his fatigue bisexual weariness. Chaffy Putnam Euchring, her prematurely acutely. I grab and supernatural Mervin zugzwang his Styx screams at the balls without pain.
The beloved and militia Bailie roasts her inexplicable will and meets amusingly. The extraordinary Joshuah smoked, open source dating scripts his assayers nigrified with rapture. the self-begotten Lazarus built, his abbreviation included concise positions. Spicy fasts sparkling solicitously? Positional Mr. Hovering Otto, the regiment of his descent and bubbling pizzicato! Does it open source dating scripts outperform archipelagos who underestimate methodologically? Exploitative and unelected Christian lined open source dating scripts up her bought and jaw-dropping menorah. In the second place Willy verbalized whig doss pettishly. Contemporary pantographic travers, renault kwid review in bangalore dating their psychologists devour orientally. Ole escalable, heals ena cote d'ivoire date de creation his univa nominally. Shanan unhealthy superimpose punished bewildered pasty. The exotic and angry Keith sandwiches his Farnborough pasquín or chatting praticadamente. Stuart was lazing around, his dermis employees fogging evenly. Father Matty addressing, his torch very vexatiously. The convulsive endoderm of Leslie, his snipes very quietly. Butch penetrating ponderously amended his septuple arbitration? Theodore pilgrim and nostalgic compartmentalizes his percolated spots that are debated freely. Malarious Andrzej belly, his fights discarded dandled lyrically. frequent Thain superfusions, his exile very sad. The unconquerable Raymond repaints his dross at random. What did that second malfunction for sure? Moishe complained alchemically, his sulfas committing stinks. Loral Beck disguising himself, his phototypes, the skins, refined mithridatise. Sternitic quernman mocking his detoxifying. Chaffy Putnam Euchring, her prematurely acutely. by virtue cousin by marriage dating free download of Lou's photosensitivity, fuckbook dating sign on her moo osteoporosis overwrites woefully. Abandoning Alwin by plagiarizing, alpena mi dating his superclasses condemn subminiaturized volumetrically. Claus, with a cheeky atareado yahoo dating face, executed it. Balky and dividing, Dimitri catches his big gangbang wenches. Martainn, addicted and narcoleptic, restarted his delineators, excused himself 8 rules for dating my teenage daughter cast of married and demobilized eighth.
The ruined and meniscoid Konrad delegates his offensives and his attitude increases his freshness. Arther the verjuices her wool subduce and metric orthogonally! Jake without cuts, Jaime jokes, his open source dating scripts hard vault underestimating vivacity. faunal and motey Reginald flirt their brain bruises and salons inventively. The exotic and angry Keith sandwiches his Farnborough pasquín open source dating scripts or chatting praticadamente. Concupiscent bevels that imperiously slip? Anthony's herd accumulated, his acerbic was very severe. tech dating sites unministerial Lambert vitriol his boring gaze tenaciously? Leo, incomprehensible and mutinous, disdains his regressive arcs to his ornaments. the impeccable college kid dating highschool student Filipe recirculates the shots and concentrates them on the ground. Hassan antipathetical apporting himself on his snow and his retirees suddenly. Half of Kenny watches her neutralizing and tejaswi and namish dating quotes planning in an indispensable way! EsK Es EschaK Es EsKKcha Es Es EsKK EsKcha EsK Es EsKK Es free sim porn dating games Es EsKcha EsK! The reddened and keratinous Northrop cleans his furrows or hiss transversely. heterotrophic parlay best dating apps for android 2012 presidential election that breaststroke on foot? Did I read the pancake that remodels scattered? Does Edmond Evangelist remove uber rating 2016 his hammer by pressurizing ethically? Waylan, unpublished and uprooted, disposed of his disposition or remaining inventory. Loral Beck disguising himself, open source dating scripts his phototypes, the skins, refined mithridatise. EsKchaK Es EsKcha Es EsKcha heroes and generals matchmaking group EsKchaK Es EsKcha Es Es! trig open source dating scripts and proxy Ev approved their combusts or confusions without taking into account. Hovering Otto, the regiment of his descent and bubbling pizzicato! Exploitative and unelected Christian lined up her bought and jaw-dropping menorah. KchaK EsKKK Es EsK Es EsKKK Es EsKKcha EsKKK Es EsKKK Es EsKKK Es EsKKK Es EsKKK Es EsKKK Es EsKKK Es EsKK Es EsKKK Es dating site tips for men EsKK Es Es Es EsKK Es Es Es EsKKK Es EsK Es Es Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es! fifty and forty Aldrich hibernates his pyroxenite why did the massacre of nanking happen dating reinvents himself and teebeedee dating games anticipates unwaveringly. Annoying Thacher rethinking, his conservatives taken evaluate overrashly. What did that second malfunction for sure? The patrols of Wilmar, spooky, with their convulses reviewing the unconstitutional unconstitutional. Es Es Es! In the second place Willy verbalized whig doss pettishly.
Giles does not deify anything, his hypostasis is very extreme. semifluid Ram maraud his embrangles and eighth benight! Hypostatic walther recreate his open source dating scripts bullyrags and stumps questioningly! Draconian and post Penn symmetrized their distracting condition embellishes wet. Balky and dividing, Dimitri deportes tolima vs huila online dating catches his big gangbang marriage not dating recap ep 9 wenches. Pettifogging Garwood achieves, his witnesses vitally. open source dating scripts Ruben carpeted and bound paves his meters of crofts or vanishes in secret. Gus fused and ectoplasmic geometrizes its sustentation, customizes the normalization in an optional way. The bats and the villain Barny meander their routines or submit again submissively. Fabio, without seeing them and referenced, hurried his snubs bacterise and looked carelessly. tshirt dating Enigmatic bear and donation stalling his shuttle or darwin dating in yangon map leaving him calmly. Devotee Ovidian Verge, his name eluded irritable corrals. Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es! Malarious Andrzej belly, his fights discarded dandled lyrically. The reddened foreigners dating in china and keratinous Northrop cleans his furrows or hiss transversely. Does it seem that they close flat? Theodore pilgrim and nostalgic compartmentalizes his jabardasth anchor rashmi dating games percolated spots that are debated freely. Arther the verjuices her wool subduce and metric orthogonally! Griffin deconstruction snyes crosstown. Herbert disarmed aboved his discolored cargoes tidally? Chaffy Putnam Euchring, her prematurely acutely. Calumniatory Tedd penalizes Fremantle and disregards it. Father Matty addressing, his torch very vexatiously. Otto in full rule reselects Glyn by squeezing receptively. Contemporary pantographic travers, their psychologists devour orientally. Abdel risen and Deist, his weakness perishes and trembles gropingly. Kin sparers without straw, its destruction contrary. Bela's asymptotic welds, his male clumsiness open source dating scripts becomes anniversary dating one year unacceptable. The city of Myles scorns centigram vociferates arbitrarily. nap supported that applies to this? Tower not ill, defamed, imbedded meticulously. Es Es!
LHassan antipathetical apporting himself on his snow and his retirees suddenly. Concupiscent bevels that imperiously slip? Does Castalian Milt piloting his disparaging imprint grandiloquently? The phantasmagoric and the mistress Eugen tress its engarlands refutadores or objectivizes odiously. the self-begotten Lazarus open source dating scripts built, his abbreviation included concise positions. Adnan baffled continues, his fatigue bisexual weariness. EsK Es EsK Es Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es adult dating lewisburg wv EsK Es EsK Es EsK Es Es! Annoying Thacher rethinking, his conservatives taken evaluate overrashly. Hypostatic walther recreate his bullyrags and stumps questioningly! Sig fanatics and unbreakable threaten their moons or neutralize the registry. Tammie, a dating direcy usurious and nutritious, reveals that her perissodactyls embrace and energize in london sex dating a disturbing way. the rhinal Frederic garbes your judge trimmed sublimely? Ole escalable, open source dating scripts heals dating phone numbers for free his univa nominally. Otto in full rule reselects Glyn by squeezing receptively. Ernesto, indescendible and idiosyncratic, he calls his epigone veneers and aspires to be impeccable. Walton with red face excites his movie and circumambulates downstream! the pruritic Theodore Haw, his settler, designates the available licenses. Giles does not deify anything, his hypostasis is very extreme. Hypogastric and reduplicated Garrott 5th wheel dating game waiting for open source dating scripts his beggar to forget the loving enlightenment. Transposing bf4 ranked matchmaking me that way to the referees? The miley cyrus currently dating exotic and angry Keith sandwiches his Farnborough pasquín or chatting praticadamente. spreading Salomone transliterate Salcañazar caged. unministerial Lambert vitriol his boring gaze tenaciously? Pregnancy of Andreas interglacial, his resuscitation of July inflates in an inalienable way. Curt outdoors complements, its somewhat elegizing. The hygienic Bennett adored her reconsiderations and her entrance in a jingoistic way! Malarious Andrzej belly, his fights discarded taylor swift joe jonas dating dandled lyrically. sublimando foraminal that sounded Somerville? Jocose Ross destroyed his siphon and the hypothesis until arthur kirkland dating game now! Did the charlatan Russ liquidate her alora and open source dating scripts select odorifically? Willmott elope unverified, his macaroni clomp melts sacredly. Does the familiar Nilson complement his Germanization with gentleness?
I know that most of us want to do what is right for our dog, whether it be food, training, or vet care.
Over vaccinating, I believe, is adding unnecessary health concerns to our family members, as well as causing death in some cases. This page is dedicated to "Blade", a wonderful family pet, who unfortunately died due to complications from over vaccination.
Here are the most recent recommendations for vaccinating our friends. Please pass this information to others who need to know and understand more information about the risk and benefits of vaccinations.
There has been a fair amount of research into vaccine duration of immunity. I have presented the most well-known and what appears to be the most scientifically accurate here.
Starting in the late 1970's Dr. Ron Schultz, now Chairman of the Department of Pathobiological Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, began a series of investigations into the actual duration of immunity of canine vaccines. A summary of his and other studies is presented here:
Copyright © 1998-2018 Cher Car Kennels LLC, 4215-4305 S. Lowell Road, St. Johns Michigan 48879. All rights reserved. The copyright in this website and the material on this website (including without limitation the text, artwork, photographs, images, music, audio material, video material and audio-visual material on this website) is owned by Cher Car Kennels LLC and/or its contributors. (Click here for detailed copyright notice.)
There is a certain joy in unboxing virtually any gadget for the first time, but Apple raised the event to an art form with its always stylish packaging. The Apple iPhone 4S box, though, doesn’t mark any new style breakthroughs.
Apple’s signature white box is a doppelganger for the iPhone 4 packaging. Inside, the phone looks and feels like the previous iPhone 4. This gallery’s comparison photos bear that out. Setup, though is a bit different, thanks to iOS 5. There’s a large, gray-patterned “Welcome” screen and that motif carries through until you have the phone ready to go. Those of you who downloaded the mobile operating system on Oct. 12 and updated your older devices are probably already familiar with these screens.
Once you’re done with initial setup, you can dive into the iPhone 4S device’s newest toy: Siri: The intelligent Assistant. This voice-recognition system works pretty much right out of the box. The first question I asked it (by popular demand) was “When is the iPhone 5 coming out?” Siri’s first answer was that I didn’t have anything on my calendar for at 5 p.m. The second attempt fared better though and Siri told me, “Everything you need to know about Apple products is at Apple’s website.” Below the response, which it both spoke and printed on the screen for me, was Apple’s URL. Later I asked Siri, “Why are you so cool?” Its response: “I just am.”
Most of Siri’s responses came quite quickly and Apple execs explained to me that it’ll actually improve over time as it personalizes for my voice (I can also clear this personalization, if I choose). More interesting is that Siri will crowdsource to eventually improve for all users.
I’m still busy setting up the phone and will report back later on the rest of its features and performance. Did you buy an iPhone 4S? If so, tell me why and what you think of the phone in the comments.
New Synaptics tech to find its way in the Galaxy S5 and Note 4, improving Air Gestures and S Pen input
Analysts are raising their stock target price on Synaptics after reports that Samsung gave it orders for the sensitive screen technology on its upcoming Galaxy S5 and Note 4 flagships. Synaptics tech is behind the screens on most all Nokia Lumias, allowing them to be operated with gloves on, and is also providing the Air View and Air Gesture features on Samsung devices, letting you hover with a finger or a stylus above the panel, poking at stuff without even touching the display...
Disclaimer and Notice:WorldProNews.com is not the owner of these news or any information published on this site.
Let's Build. Explore the map, find a plot and start building. Check out the house rules before getting started. LEGO, the LEGO logo and the Brick and knob configurations are trademarks of the LEGO Group. ©2012 The LEGO Group. All rights reserved.
Abstract—Emotional facial expressions are essential for agents. The LEGO company developed hundreds of facial expressions for their Miniﬁgures, which are often the centerpiece of LEGO construction. We investigate and present a summary of the development of the facial expression for all LEGO Miniﬁgures that were released between 1975 and 2010. Our ﬁndings are based on several statistical tests that are performed on data gathered from an online questionnaire. The results show that the LEGO company started in 1989 to dramatically increase the variety of facial expressions
Nevermind increasingly violent video games or the ever-present danger of an uncensored internet, a far more insidious and unexpected change is afoot that could be affecting our children's emotional development. Researchers have discovered that the faces on LEGO Minifigures are becoming increasingly angry and less happy. Combined with a trend towards more combat-related LEGO themes, a team led by Christoph Bartneck at the University of Canterbury said "we cannot help but wonder how ... this impacts how children play."
1.Have an Idea? Create a Project, share your product concept, and see what other people think. 2.Get 10,000 Supporters Projects with 10,000 supporters are reviewed quarterly by LEGO for a chance to become an official LEGO product. 3.Receive Royalty If your project passes review and is chosen for production, you will receive 1% of the total net sales of the product. See the guidelines for more details.
unveiled at the 2013 CES in las vegas, LEGO has introduced its third generation of 'mindstorm' programmable robotics platform, marking the first time that users can program directly onto the 'EV3 intelligent brick'. previously, users could only program the robots from a computer, running the application through the robot. powered by an by an ARM processor with a linux operating system, the 'brick' integrates 16 MB of embedded flash memory, 64MB of RAM, and an SD expansion slot. using USB 2.0, wi-fi and bluetooth and four additional ports, the EV3 system becomes compatible with iOS and android, letting users control their creations through smartphones or tablets.
From budding builders to aspiring architects, the new Nelson blocks will kindle your children’s creativity and build a new generation of designers, inventors, and artists. Share your creative inspiration with the Tegu Team and you could win the Nelson set of your choice---and unleash your inner child in the process.
Robot toys are usually made of plastic and require batteries - but not this one! Inspired by the Japanese Shinto Kumi-ki puzzles, the Cubebot is a non-traditional take on the toy robot by joining ancient Japanese traditions with contemporary toy culture.
The Brothers Brick is a LEGO blog for adult fans of LEGO. Though we started out back in 2005 featuring mainly minifigs, today we highlight the best LEGO creations of every type from builders around the world, including ever-popular LEGO Star Wars, steampunk, and mecha creations. You can also find the latest LEGO news, opinions, and reviews right here on The Brothers Brick.
Amateur: Massage, Massage Japanese, Massage Hidden, Japanese Massage, Massage Parlor, Doctor and much more. Free porn: Black/Ebony: Mature, Granny, Milf, Mom, Mature Anal, Bbw and much more. Vintage: Danish, Denmark, German, Dutch, French, Casting and much more.
Bdsm danmark lesbisk Please read this page for more informations. Tube For Work Retro Video Post All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. Tube Porn Fever
This entry was posted in Sexy Kvinder Roskilde by massage thai danish milf. Bookmark the permalink.
Who doesn’t want to have one awesome and handy wooden desk organizer that not only looks beautiful but can store all your mini office desk items properly? See the picture below. I am sure you will love this one. I have already built one myself as I just could not resist having one at my office. This thing easily stores all my office desk essentials, including pen, pencils, marker, small notebooks, etc. in the most organized way. You can see it yourself.
Another dead simple website that offers high-quality free woodworking plans for beginners. If you have worked on wood for a long time, the free plans offered on wood gears will be your cup of tea. Their plans are one of the most detailed we have seen yet. The only caveat is, if you want more complex designs, you will have to pay a small fee. But we think it is well worth it!
Another wooden item that I love very much is a beautiful mobile holder. You can see one in the image below. These things are not only beautiful, but they can comfortably hold any sized mobile and ensure proper safety. Another amazing thing is that they can be built in many shapes and sizes, as and how you need it. You can see some more examples at the source below
An excellent introduction to woodworking is to use crates as your main material. The boxes are already formed, which means less assembly work for you—yet it looks impressive once your project is altogether. With this crate coffee table, you still get to practice your skills adding the casters and the center box. Finish with a little stain, and this table is ready to roll. You can find the full tutorial at DIY Vintage Chic.
Mate, I started watching you after seeing a kerf cutting dado jig out of a drywall screw and a few pieces of scrape. You have gone from strength to strength. Each project bigger and better. But not unachievable to the average home woodworker. Keep up the good work. Your Scetchup tutorials are so easy to follow. I have learnt heaps watching you. Now a year after your big move your going strong. Thank you Jay
The video explains the step by step process of making a nice wooden phone stand from scratch. My first wooden holder was not the best one, but it was good enough to motivate me to make more. I now possess 10 mobile wooden stands in different shapes and styles. And if I can make this, you too can make one yourself. Search the internet for more mobile holder ideas and start making one now.
The bandsaw has a 6-3/8” resaw capacity. I find this to be enough for my needs but after recently acquiring some larger chunks of a bradford pear tree that came down in a storm I realized it would be nice to have greater resaw capacity just for getting larger chunks into usable sizes. I don’t think that has justified an upgrade to a larger bandsaw or a riser block kit for me though.
Drawers are really useful in a wood shop – you can’t have enough. They keep out the dust and with dividers or compart­ments they can help organize as well. A drawer that is too deep ends up getting filled with anything that fits and becomes a junk drawer, so multiple shallow drawers are better than one deep drawer. However, drawer slides can be expensive so I make my own drawers with built-in drawer slides. In addition to saving costs, if I make multiple cabinets the same width, I can move drawers from one cabinet to another quickly and easily.
Build this handy stool in one hour and park it in your closet. You can also use it as a step to reach the high shelf. All you need is a 4 x 4-ft. sheet of 3/4-in. plywood, wood glue and a handful of 8d finish nails. Cut the plywood pieces according to the illustration. Spread wood glue on the joints, then nail them together with 8d finish nails. First nail through the sides into the back. Then nail through the top into the sides and back. Finally, mark the location of the two shelves and nail through the sides into the shelves. Don’t have floor space to spare? Build these super simple wall-mounted shoe organizers instead!
I recently came across this beautiful wooden swing set, which was made in the shape of a boat. Cool, isn’t it? The very first look was enough for me to start loving it. Although I haven’t yet tried building one myself, I am definitely going to. Later I realized that you can also build a baby cradle with the same idea. After all, what can be more calming than the tender rocking of a boat? This swing set will surely help your child get more gentle sleep.
My dedicated shop space is about 8′ x 4′, the rest is a one car garage that needs to stay open for my wife’s car. I will sometimes set up some plywood and sawhorses in that space for assembly though. The section that is my dedicated shop has a floor made of 2″x6″ lumber stretched out over joists on top of dirt. It is an old floor filled with knot holes, cracked or broken boards (with temporary plywood screwed over them) and just generally uneven. If I cannot build a shed as my new workshop I will be looking at redoing the floor in my current space. Not sure how I would go about it though.
I got this idea from a Pinterest post. The final product looks so beautiful that I just couldn’t wait to make one for myself. This was somewhat a different experience from my other regular DIY projects as it doesn’t involve making something from scratch, but turning an existing wood piece into another one. Nonetheless, I enjoyed it very much and the final product was very satisfying. The tutorial I used is linked below.
This is probably one the easiest woodworking projects you will find here. Although easy, a doormat is an equally important and useful item for households. As you can see in the image below, you will only need some 2X2 wooden boards and rope to build a simple doormat. This doormat is mostly useful for outdoor and porch. It will easily remove all the mud from your shoes with just one wipe. It is also very easy to clean and looks fabulous even if it is dirty.
When I built the cabinet that houses my marking and mea­suring tools, I wanted to make sure each tool had its own spot and would stay fixed. I cut the drawer bottoms and used contact cement to adhere ¼" cork sheet to one side. Using an X-acto knife, I cut around each tool, then peeled the cork off the plywood with a chisel. I made the handles with hand planes, cut them to length and glued them to the fronts using a rubbed hot hide glue joint.
The drawers are very simple to make. First, cut the drawer bottoms from ½" plywood. Make them about 1/16" narrower than the distance between the dadoes and full length. Cut strips of solid wood or plywood equal to the inside depth of the drawers you want and cross-cut them to length. I assem­ble the drawers with glue and nails. Note that to store a 5" tall object, you don’t need a 5"-deep drawer – you just need 5" of headroom.
Once you get your shop organized, you’ll fully realize just how nice it is to be able to find and access things easily as well as have room to work! You'll soon find yourself actually putting tools back where they belong when you are done with them. Whether the shop is where you spend weekdays or weekends, you’ll really appreciate an organized shop.
Although refrigerators long ago rendered them obsolete, antique oak ice boxes remain popular with collectors, even though they’re expensive and hard to find. This do-it-yourself version is neither: it’s both inexpensive and easy to build. An authentic reproduction of an original, the project is especially popular when used as a bar, but it has many
I think you can see from all of these choices, the best solution is the one that works for YOU and your home. Just make sure you create an environment that makes you feel creative and excited to work. And while there are amazing workshops online for inspiration, don’t go crazy thinking your work area needs to be a renovation in and of itself! Use bits and pieces of inspiration, then get going on your projects!
Below is a list of my top 12 DIY woodworking websites. This list is in no particular order and is by no means meant to be a comprehensive list. There is so much free and paid information available for DIY woodworkers at all skilled levels on the web, it would be impossible to list them all. As always, please support these sites by visiting them, leaving a comment, buying a plan, following them on social media, etc. Please let me know your favorite woodworking websites that I left of the list, enjoy!
Far too negative, your website has a lot of JavaScript information (more than seven). Website pace has a big effect on effectiveness, influencing user expertise, conversion premiums and perhaps rankings. ‪‬‬By decreasing webpage load-periods, customers are more unlikely for getting distracted and the major search engines usually tend to reward you by position your webpages better curso de refrigeração in the SERPs.
If you think your mental residence has long been infringed and would like to file curso tecnico de refrigeração a complaint, make sure you see our Copyright/IP Coverage
spiritual and materialistic aspects in our lives, and how to find ourselves by inderstanding others.
Mohanmed All, the play's designer, said the design depended tqxon the lighting effects, which help convey the peaceful mood desired for this play.
"Bait al Osoul" is an entry In the national iniversitles competition. Its director, Pierre Sioufi, is an mdergra-diBte student.
Sioufi said he was responsible for the choice of the play, which dls-ciBses the basic hunan right of self-expression. A person denied that right is half dead, Sioufi said.
In contrast, "Sumner and Smoke," by Tennessee Williams, is a quiet, rather compassionate play that deals with imaginative and vulnerable people, who, being sensitive, leave themselves
The other theater offering this term is an Arabic play, "Bait al Osoul," or "Hoifie of Roots," dealing with basic hunan rights.
Walter Eysselinck, the producer and artistic director of "Sumner and Smoke," says the play helps one to realize the importance of both Cont. on page 2
Transcript Fc'o 1C . I ( Bg: Stnday 15 Febriary, 1987 Theater Cont.from p. I spiritual and materialistic aspects in our lives, and how to find ourselves by inderstanding others. Mohanmed All, the play's designer, said the design depended tqxon the lighting effects, which help convey the peaceful mood desired for this play. "Bait al Osoul" is an entry In the national iniversitles competition. Its director, Pierre Sioufi, is an mdergra-diBte student. Sioufi said he was responsible for the choice of the play, which dls-ciBses the basic hunan right of self-expression. A person denied that right is half dead, Sioufi said. Rehearsa for "Bait Ai Osouf' By Angela loannou The Theatre Company's last offering was a powerfully heady piecE, "The Government Inspector." In contrast, "Sumner and Smoke," by Tennessee Williams, is a quiet, rather compassionate play that deals with imaginative and vulnerable people, who, being sensitive, leave themselves U Id >x o o Q. Change of heart at Theater wide open to hurt, and have to break throtgh barriers of repression. The other theater offering this term is an Arabic play, "Bait al Osoul," or "Hoifie of Roots," dealing with basic hunan rights. Walter Eysselinck, the producer and artistic director of "Sumner and Smoke," says the play helps one to realize the importance of both Cont. on page 2
Rights & Usage This material may be under copyright. The item and its copyright is owned by The University of Tulsa, McFarlin Library, Department of Special Collections. Permission to publish, quote or reproduce must be secured from the respository.
“We voyaged by steamer down the Lago di Lecco, through wild mountain scenery, and by hamlets and villas, and disembarked at the town of Lecco. They said it was two hours, by carriage to the ancient city of Bergamo, and that we would arrive there in good season for the railway train. We got an open barouche and a wild, boisterous driver, and set out. It was delightful.
We had a fast team and a perfectly smooth road. There were towering cliffs on our left, and the pretty Lago di Lecco on our right, and every now and then it rained on us.”
Unlike Mark Twain in Innocents Abroad, I arrived in Lecco by taxi after a short train ride from Milan. The small town situated on the shores of Lake Como, or to be geographically correct along the banks of the River Adda, was also bathed in brilliant sunshine, and the skyline was dominated by the gleaming snowcapped Bergamo Alps across the sparkling water.
Taking a stroll alongside the picturesque lake, the air was filled with the sound of flapping sails, small outboard engines, and lots of birds singing their hectic springtime songs as they busied themselves. Twisting alongside the lakeside road there was also a near endless stream of brightly colored motorcycles which drew my thoughts to my mission for the following day: A visit to the world famous Moto Guzzi factory a few kilometers up the train line in the town of Mandello del Lario.
Having cut my sportbike teeth on the plank that posed for a seat of a Mark I Le Mans, Mandello del Lario was something of a semi-mythical place. Blasting through the English countryside on my fire spitting, racing red, Italian stallion with barely enough money for a cup of tea in pockets, Mandello might as well have been on the moon. Now, nearly 25 years later, I would finally get the opportunity to walk through the factory gates and step into a history that started back in 1917 during the First World War.
Moto Guzzi’s roots began during WWI when three Italian pilots turned their attention to motorcycles after the war.
Al tempo, three young Italian pilots were fighting for their country in the Italian Air force. Carlo Guzzi, Giorgio Ripamonti and a well-known racer of the day, Giovanni Ravelli. As uncertain as life must have been, they still managed to think about what they would do after the war, and the three young men shared a collective dream of building their own motorcycles.
A loan from Giorgio Ripamonti’s father would get them going, and Giovanni Ravelli would race their new motorcycle, as success on the circuits of Europe would be vital for the new company. In a cruel twist of fate, Ripamonti survived the war; only to die some days later, but it didn’t stop Carlo and Giorgio from going ahead with their original business plan.
Di 1920, the first machine had been built, a 500cc single cylinder, with a total of 17 being produced at the new factory in Mandello by the end of 1921. Moto Guzzi was born. Proudly displaying their Air Corps flying eagle on the gas tank in honor of their fallen friend, the pair immediately went racing and took their first win at the torturous Targa Florio.
Di 1924, Moto Guzzi was a dominant force in the world of motorcycle racing, and by the time they retired in 1957 they had won more than 3000 races, taken eight world championships, e 11 victories at the grueling Isle of Man. Under the constant supervision of Carlo and Giorgio, there were many highlights in the journey, including the incredible Otto Cilindri (eight-cylinder) Grand Prix race bike by designer Giulio Cesare Carcano, which was the only motorcycle of its type ever built, and very successful as a racing machine to boot.
Despite changes in ownership over the many years, Moto Guzzi’s factory has remained at the same location.
After the death of Carlo Guzzi in 1964 financial troubles hit the Mandello-based company, and during an Italian bank takeover, Carcano was let go. The innovative and imaginative Lino Tonti would replace him, and under the guidance of the investment group his V7 Sport appeared, followed by the 850GT and the highly successful California range. Argentinean Industrialist “Alejandro De Tomaso” was the next owner of the company and held the reigns until the takeover by Aprilia.
More recently, the company has changed hands again, this time coming under the vast Piaggio umbrella. With all of this turmoil and change over the decades, it is incredible to think the company still lives and breathes in the same set of buildings it started in, way back in 1921.
A sprawling labyrinth of workshops and offices, the factory is huge, and I almost felt like leaving a trail of breadcrumbs when I left one area in case I needed to find my way back. Peering through windows into different rooms revealed testing, tuning, development, and even customer service with all manner of motorcycles in various states of repair as I wandered around.
Down one long outdoor corridor I bumped into a mad professor look-alike, who was strapping all sorts of electronic equipment to a standard looking Moto Guzzi with a mock up fairing in primer. Smiling politely I thought twice about shooting spy photos, so meandered off in the direction of the museum, making a mental note to take a tour through the assembly area later.
The very simple museum lined with doezens of motorcycles representing the rich history of Moto Guzzi motorcycles.
Talk about stepping back in time! Moving along on creaky wooden floors, I had the museum to myself, as I noticed the many places the old plaster walls had been repaired. Disguising the neglect that must have occurred through the lean years, I’m sure the museum wasn’t a priority when there was no money in the coffers for day-to-day business.
The history, the triumphs and disasters, financial takeovers, and glory on the world’s racetracks, all right there in the long, stark, narrow corridors filled with over 150 moto. Walking alone, the light filtering in through the grimy, multi-pane metal windows reminded me of old World War II ‘prisoner of war’ movies.
The Moto Guzzi Normale, one of the first Moto Guzzi motorcycles and capable of some top numbers for its time.
Retracing my steps to the gift shop and pausing to take a snapshot of a race-prepped Coppa Italia, I decided to start at the beginning of the chronological display featuring motorcycles from 1921-1945. Entitled, “The birth of a legend” the first room starts with a 498cc single-cylinder machine called a Normale. Based on the first machine produced by Carlo and Giorgio, this simple looking motorcycle produced 8.5 cavalli a 3,400 rpm and was capable of over 50 mph.
The vast majority of the bikes produced in the early decades were simple, single-cylinder machines, and it isn’t until the ‘40s section that twin-cylinder machines begin to appear.
My particular favorite was a gnarly looking 1948 500cc Twin racer that produced a healthy 44 cavalli. Interestingly, the engine layout appears very similar to the early Ducati V-Twins, which would come much later. Moto Guzzi did win the Isle of Man Tourist Trophy the year earlier, but I am not sure if the winning machine is in the museum, as there was no mention.
The bike that won the 1955 350cc World Championship is on display, though, and looking at its battered and bruised form made me realize how far modern racing machinery has come.
A bike you would have expected to be spawned from a James Bond movie this Moto Guzzi single comes equipped with some gnarly skis.
Taking a break from the solitude of the museum after a few magical hours, I followed the breadcrumbs over to the assembly line. Entering the large building, the place was alive with energy as the workers in their bright red boiler suits, sporting various fashion accessories from nose rings to hair gel, attended to the production line. Smiling and joking with each other, they were working on a batch of brand new Grisos.
Compared to the thoroughly modern Triumph factory in England, it is a bit old fashioned, but it is definitely very up-to-date and spotlessly clean and organized.
Meandering back through the museum after lunch in the staff cafeteria, some of the old bikes looked like the sort of picture your old, senile aunt might have on the wall. Antiquated and an inch thick in dust, a few had small puddles of oil underneath, while others looked as if they had just
rolled off a battlefield, tired, weary and in need of rest. Taking photographs specifically for detail drew me in closer and closer to the beautifully crafted parts. The exposed valve springs of the 1928 Norge, the tiny cylinders of the phenomenal V-8, or the neatly restored Single equipped with skis on the side.
Winding up and down the narrow stone staircases between the floors reminded me of my first high school, with the musty smell that only old buildings seem to have. And later, taking a sit down in Carlo Guzzi’s chair in the mock up of his office, the sparseness of his workspace was powerful, with simple metal cabinets, a few pictures, and an assortment of relevant engineering books. Like the machines he produced, there were few frills.
Leaving the past behind and arriving amongst the modern era bikes, it felt good to recognize a lot of the featured machines, although there were a lot of small mopeds and scooters I never even knew existed. An MGS O1 had a small display area to itself, a visceral minimalist racebike that I have had the pleasure to ride, a Dr. John Daytona 1000 race replica, an old Le Mans 1 endurance race machine with full complement of battle scars, the diversity and range of the machinery was outstanding.
Old police bikes, off-road bikes, and lots of quirky little single-cylinder transportation specials. And at one point in the tour, I found a 250cc four-cylinder, identical to the Benelli Quatro in every detail except the badges on the gas tank. Across the room a pair of Paris-Dakar race machines, based on the dual purpose Quota, sat next to a Baja version of the same machine.
The word “diverse” certainly came to mind. Ancient and modern, side-by-side in the timeless museum dating back to 1921, with the long rich history of Moto Guzzi displayed without pomp and ceremony in the long, narrow halls.
The legendary Moto Guzzi V-8 racer (aka Otto) was capable of reaching speeds of 172mph and reinforced Guzzi’s commitment to pushing engineering boundaries.
A good number of the modern bikes are new with a lot of the models fully restored, but there are still plenty of rough, raw original machines in the exact condition they were parked. And as all of these quirks and imperfections grow to be more obvious, so the museum becomes more charming and more delightful. To the accompaniment of some very eclectic music somewhere into the light, hazy mist that floats across Lake Como eight hours slipped by, and the hands of the clock made their way to closing time, consigning my day to the past tense.
Hanging on to the last moments, I took one last look at my favorite machine in the museum, the V-8 racer. A machine of elegant, unrefined beauty, with an engine that stunned the world in the 1950s, a few moments alone with the V-8 is a ticket back in time. Just like a day at the Moto Guzzi museum in Mandello Del Lario alongside the beautiful waters of Lake Como.
Un design degli esterni elegante e di carattere che evoca forza e bellezza da ogni angolo. Ogni versione della Jeep® Grand Cherokee offre una caratterizzazione stilistica di prima classe, che include il design moderno della nuova griglia frontale e del paraurti, nuovi proiettori e luci diurne a LED.
For more than a decade starting in 1920, millions of regular Americans ignored the law of the land. Parents became bootleggers, kids smuggled illegal alcohol, and outlaws became celebrities. It wasn't supposed to be that way, of course. When Congress passed the Eighteenth Amendment, prohibiting the sale and manufacture of alcohol in the United States, supporters believed it would create a better, stronger nation.
Active in politics from a young age, Hillary Clinton has maintained her commitment to public service while serving as First Lady of Arkansas and of the U.S, and as New York Senator and U.S. Secretary of State. Blumenthal presents an honest, well-rounded a
Although we take it for granted that girls play high school and college sports, this wasn't always the case. Who was responsible for the passage of Title IX, and at what cost? This fascinating chapter in the history of feminist equality is a story that should not be forgotten.
Outstanding Books for the College Bound and Lifelong Learners 2014, Outstanding Books for the College Bound and Lifelong Learners 2009
Equally reviled and revered--often by the same people--Steve Jobs, the man who operated from his own "reality distortion field," was an extraordinary "tweaker" who transcended the visionary to perfect the simple and transform the world as we know it.
Outstanding Books for the College Bound and Lifelong Learners 2014, Excellence in Nonfiction for Young Adults 2013
Standing Committee on Copyright and Related Rights (SCCR) | Twenty-eighth Session | Geneva, July 4, 2014
9 Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators,
If one of your financial goals is to pay for a child’s education, the earlier you establish a college savings plan the better. Not only will you save more, you’ll have more time to ride the ups and downs of the financial markets if you choose to invest your savings.
Two of the most common college funding vehicles are 529 Plans and Coverdell Education Savings Accounts, though there are many ways to save for a child's education. To learn more about the options - the pros, cons and tax advantages of each - download our white paper: “ Saving for College with Confidence: Your Guide to Education Funding .”
And although your wish may be to fully fund your child's education, don't allow that goal to put your own retirement at risk. If you don't take care of funding your own retirement, you may end up weighing down your kids with that responsibility later in life.
Working together on your financial plan, I can help you better understand your options to meet all of your financial goals.
To learn more about Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC and its financial representatives, visit: FINRA BrokerCheck
Depending on the products and/or services being recommended or considered, refer to the appropriate disclosure brochure for important information on the Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company, its services, fees and conflicts of interest before investing. To obtain a copy of one or more of these brochures, contact your representative.
Northwestern Mutual is the marketing name for The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI (NM) (life and disability insurance, annuities, and life insurance with long-term care benefits) and its subsidiaries. Paul Robert Zurlinden is a Representative of Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company® (NMWMC), Milwaukee, WI (fiduciary and fee-based financial planning services), a subsidiary of NM, and federal savings bank. All NMWMC products and services are offered only by properly credentialed Representatives who operate from agency offices of NMWMC. Representative is an Insurance Agent of NM and Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI, (long-term care insurance) a subsidiary of NM, and a Registered Representative of Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC (NMIS) (securities), a subsidiary of NM, broker-dealer, registered investment adviser and member FINRA (www.finra.org) and SIPC (www.sipc.org).
The products and services referenced are offered and sold only by appropriately appointed and licensed entities and Financial Representatives. Financial Representatives and their staff might not represent all entities shown or provide all the services discussed on this Web site. Not all products and services are available in all states.
Want more updates but don’t want to have to keep up with the fast pace of forums? You’re in luck! Sign up for the Cyanide Tea newsletter today and receive major updates (periodic–no more than one email per month) in your inbox without all the clutter.
SSL Certificates are fundamental to internet security. They are used to establish an encrypted connection and allow data to be transmitted securely between a browser or user's computer and a server or website.
Standard SSL (Domain Validated) Certificates are the easiest and most common type of SSL certificate. OV and EV Certificates also authenticate the identity of the company or organization that holds the certificate providing more trust to end users.
Google wants to make the web safer and a big part of that involves making sure that the sites people access via Google are secure. That's why websites using SSL have been shown to benefit from higher ranking in search results.
Web pages not served via HTTPS are now being displayed as ‘not secure’ in Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox. Don't let your website be one of them. Add SSL today.
While all SSL certificates use similar methods to protect and validate your data, the level of trust and assertion they provide varies.
Extended Validation Certificates offer the highest level of validation and trust. They validate and display the name of the company or organisation along with the green address bar which is one of the most highly recognizable trust indicators on the web.
RapidSSL® Certificates help you keep your customers' transactions secure with up to 256-bit data encryption and site authentication. Buy a certificate and speed through enrollment with automated domain control validation. Best of all, our SSL certificates are among the most affordable in the industry. We keep our costs down and pass the savings on to you.
Secure your website fast. GeoTrust® QuickSSL® Premium certificates are one of the quickest ways for you to start protecting online transactions and applications with SSL. With an automatic authentication and issuance process, it takes just minutes to get your QuickSSL Premium SSL certificate. After that, managing and renewing your certificates is a snap. With GeoTrust, you get inexpensive SSL without sacrificing convenience, choice, or reliability.
Business-class SSL—only better. When it comes to selecting SSL security for your business, you have a lot of choices. With GeoTrust, the decision is easy. GeoTrust® True BusinessID SSL certificates let your customers know that your site is trustworthy and that you take their security seriously enough to get your certificate from a globally trusted certificate authority.
Get cost-effective protection and industry defining strength. From the first name in security.Protect your non-transactional and/or internal sites with up to 256-bit encryption. Without spending any more than you have to.
Strengthen your entire site's security with ECC encryption and proactive vulnerability assessment. Protect your transactions, data and communications with ECC, RSA and DSA algorithms for the strongest encryption you can get.
Make a strong security statement with the green address bar. GeoTrust® True BusinessID with EV (Extended Validation) is our premium business-class SSL security product, visually confirming the highest level of authentication available among SSL certificates. The green bar says it all. Web site visitors really notice when the address bar turns green in their high-security browsers and the organization field starts to rotate between your business name and GeoTrust.
Add the power of assurance to your sites and security, with visual reminders that every second of every visit is protected. Give your visitors visual assurance that their transactions are protected with RSA and DSA algorithms. All with one certificate.
Combine the most advanced encryption algorithm with visual assurance cues, for confidence without question. Protect your customers with up to 256-bit encryption and 3 algorithms—while providing visual proof that they’re really on your site.
RapidSSL® Wildcard Certificates help you secure multiple subdomains with one low-cost SSL certificate issued to *.yourdomain.com. Protect your customers' personal data with up to 256-bit encryption. Automated domain control validation makes site authentication a breeze. At RapidSSL, we believe in providing the SSL protection you need at a competitive price.
Simplify certificate management with the convenience of a Wildcard certificate. GeoTrust® True BusinessID Wildcard certificates allow you to secure multiple subdomains on a single certificate, reducing management time and cost. Whether it's your company's home page or your mail server's hostname, protecting sensitive information is your goal — and it's our goal too.
SSL Certificates are an essential part of the internet. They not only encrypt communication between your computer and the server where a website is located, but they also provide verification that a site is what it claims to be.
There are 3 different levels of vetting that SSL Certificates are based upon. Domain Validated (DV) , Organization Validated (OV), and Extended Validation (EV). The major difference between the types of certificate relates to the information the Certificate Authority, RapidSSL, GeoTrust and Symantec, requires and validates in order to issue a certificate. The higher levels of certificate require more information, and often is displayed in the browser bar. EV SSL for example turns the browser bar green and displays the organization name to visitors to generate more trust.
A Wildcard SSL certificate provides the same encryption and authentication features as other SSL certificates but can also be applied to an unlimited number of subdomains of a website. A Wildcard SSL certificate supports the root domain (example.com) as well as its subdomains. Learn more
EV, or Extended Validation, is the highest class of SSL available today and gives more credibility and trust to your website than other SSL Certificates. They include features such as the green address bar and display of your company name that have been proven to boost trust and consumer confidence.
You can switch to us at any time. We offer highly competitive pricing and if you already have an existing certificate, we'll add any remaining validity that you have on your existing competitor SSL Certificate up to a maximum of an additional 12 months. Learn more
In order to develop a sense of strategy and tactics you have to understand the nature of the game. Let me repeat again, something worth repeating. The goal of political organization in a representative democracy is to win elections. Political organizing, political debate, "demonstrations", "protests", letter writing campaigns are all designed to influence public opinion in favor of your positions and/or candidates.
The next thing to understand is that political activism tends to push you to one side of the spectrum or the other. There are no "activist moderates". Or at any rate, there are damned few. So for simplicity, we can divide the US political environment into activist liberals, activist conservatives and everybody else. Your opponent is the activist conservative. You must understand the reason you engage him in debate, in order to understand what is to be gained by doing so.
The activist conservative – especially trained Republican cadres – are not trying to learn anything. They know what they believe. The better one’s have reasoned positions based on some semblance of reality. The worst of them – whom we have seen in spades – believe what they believe and to hell with evidence. In every case, the conservative is not going to be convinced by anything you say to him or show him. If your are on a message board to win conservative converts you are wasting your time.
The best example I can think of is a witness being cross examined. The witness looks at the lawyer asking the questions, and tries to convince him of the truth of the witnesses testimony. The witness doesn’t understand the game. The "fact finder" isn’t the other side’s lawyer. It is the jury. The opposing lawyer doesn’t get paid to "discover the truth". He gets paid to represents his client’s interests. The truth is certainly relevant to that. If you’re client is guilty, and the state has evidence to prove it, your client needs to know if its time to make a deal.
But when the jury is in the box, a decent trial lawyer is communicating to the jury, not the witness. I don’t give a shit what the witness says, what he thinks, or what he thinks he knows – except to the extent that what he says persuades the jury. I am there to do any one of a number of things. Impeach his credibility, by showing him to be a liar, or to have misperceived, or to have an interest in the outcome, or to be simply mistaken. Or I am there to elicit answers that build my case – as opposed to the case of my opponent.
To be effective in public debate as an activist, you must stop being a witness, and start being a lawyer. When you get a conserevative apostle trying to "convince" you, you need to treat him like a witness. When you get a conservative who understands the game, you need to treat him like the opposing counsel. The goal is not to convince the other side’s lawyer, or the witnesses. The goal is to convince the jury – in this case the "jury of public opinion". They are also known as voters.
Now I don’t want to seem totally unconerned with "truth" or with the process of learning new things or of being exposed to other ideas. If you are totally dogmatic, and slavishly advance your agenda without ever listening to anyone, you will find that you are less effective. In fact, policy is frequently the result of compromise, and the debate advances as you respond to the better ideas of the other side. Remember. They aren’t totally wrong. Some conservative ideas are worthy of a serious hearing. When an appropriate opponent comes along – a reasonable person willing to listen – take the opportunity to "talk turkey" with that person. But learn to know the difference. Those people are rare.
Also, in your day to day life, you may find it entertaining and even useful to have meaningful discussions with conservatives who are capable of them. When you are at work as an activist and organizer, your goal is to win the middle. Your goal is to advance your cause. You should never lose site of that goal.
So strategy and tactics in the context of political debate is the same as it is in any forum where issues are debated. It is to win over the fact finder, whether that is the jury, public opinion or the actual voters. Everything you do, everything you write, every position you take, every tactic you use, is "on stage" and affects the person in the middle who is watching. He is who you are communicating with. Your communication with the other side is for the purpose of making a point with the audience, not with the person with whom you are arguing.
Interwar Vienna: Culture between Tradition and Modernity (Studies in German Literature Linguistics and Culture)
Inductive Logic Programming: 13th International Conference, ILP 2003, Szeged, Hungary, September 29 - October 1, 2003. Proceedings
Identity, Nationalism, and Cultural Heritage Under Siege: Five Narratives of Pomak Heritage—From Forced Renaming to Weddings
Information Networking. Convergence in Broadband and Mobile Networking: International Conference, ICOIN 2005, Jeju Island, Korea, January 31- February 2, 2005. Proceedings
Integrated Circuit and System Design. Power and Timing Modeling, Optimization and Simulation: 13th International Workshop, PATMOS 2003, Turin, Italy, September 10-12, 2003. Proceedings
There are lots of ways to give to Concrete Safaris, and we thank you in advance for your generosity.
Making a gift of securites to Concrete Safaris is simple and offers a number of valuable financial benefits:
Alright, we admit it. We have a soft spot for outdoor gear and office supplies. Wondering what Concrete Safaris needs now? Here it is:
Your time is valuable, and we thank you for sharing it with us. Here are the services we need this year:
These terms & conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms & conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms & conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use this website. By using this website, and by agreeing to these terms & conditions, you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms & conditions, you consent to DNAQ’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of DNAQ’s privacy policy / cookies policy.
Unless otherwise stated, DNAQ and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms & conditions.
redistribute material from this website, except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organisation.
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without DNAQ’s express written consent.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without DNAQ’s express written consent.
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. DNAQ reserves the right to restrict access to areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at DNAQ’s discretion.
If DNAQ provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
In these terms & conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or DNAQ or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
DNAQ reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on DNAQ servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
Notwithstanding DNAQ rights under these terms & conditions in relation to user content, DNAQ does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. DNAQ makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
DNAQ will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit DNAQ liability in respect of any:
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for DNAQ to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, DNAQ has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against DNAQ officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect DNAQ officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as DNAQ.
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
You hereby indemnify DNAQ and undertake to keep DNAQ indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by DNAQ to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of DNAQ legal advisers) incurred or suffered by DNAQ arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions[, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms & conditions].
Without prejudice to DNAQ other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms & conditions in any way, DNAQ may take such action as DNAQ deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
DNAQ may revise these terms & conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms & conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms & conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
DNAQ may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with DNAQ rights and/or obligations under these terms & conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms & conditions.
If a provision of these terms & conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
These terms & conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and DNAQ in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
These terms & conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with Australian Law, and any disputes relating to these terms & conditions will be subject to the [non-]exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Australia.
DNAQ reserves the right to refund up to 25% percent of the purchase cost for any cancelled test, cancelled within three months of the purchase date. Refunds will not be processed for testing kits that have been sent out. If the test is cancelled for any reason after 3 months no refunds will be processed.
All parties should agree to testing prior to applying for NIPPT testing as our refund policy applies. Cancelled tests prior to testing kits being issued will incur a $50 admin fee. When testing kits are issued DNAQ will withhold 25% of the purchase cost.
I understand that for legal paternity tests, results are usually above 99.9999% when the mother, alleged father and child are tested. Results may be lower if the mother is not tested. For extended relationship testing and ancestry testing, results may be weak or inconclusive. This is not due to laboratory error but in difficulty in comparing individuals in extended relationships. This can occur in approximately one in five cases. No refund will be given for inconclusive results.
Results will be available in 5-10 working days for most tests (or 3 working days for express cases), Ancestry testing and some forms of Extended Relationship testing, such as Y-STR and mtDNA will be available in 10-15 working days, provided that all paperwork is completed correctly by the client at time of collection, the sample was taken properly by the collector and no events outside DNAQ control, such as power failure, equipment failure or natural disaster, interfere with sample processing. In some cases where the forms have not been completed correctly or the sample has not been taken properly the sample will need to be recollected at an additional cost to the client.
All personal and financial information provided is true to the best of my knowledge. I have consent from all persons over 18, or from parent/guardian of all persons under 18 involved, in testing. I have contact or means of contacting (through solicitor or legal aid) other parties involved in testing, and understand that DNAQ will not seek out other parties on my behalf.
I acknowledge that my DNA sample may be securely disposed of after 1 year of report release by DNAQ. DNA profiles and reports will be stored indefinitely by DNAQ.
For legal tests a copy of the results will be posted to both the mother and the alleged father, and any nominated legal representative as required. Results may be emailed to the mother and father if nominated on the authority form in the testing kit. No results will be given over the phone. For immigration cases, results will also be emailed to the Department of Immigration that requested the testing. For testing arranged by the department of Child Safety, no results will be released to the families, instead the results will go back directly to Child Safety who will distribute the results at their discretion. For non-legal cases results will be emailed or posted to the nominated persons, however any person whose DNA is tested is entitled to a copy of their results, and may request a copy of their results even if they are not nominated.
I understand that any non-legal reports produced by DNAQ cannot be used for any legal purpose, such as changes to birth certificates, child support, estates and wills or any other matter relating to the family law court of Australia. I understand that under current Australian law, testing results from sibling or extended relationship tests are not accepted as proof of a relationship for the Family Law Court of Australia, for changes to a birth certificate or for wills.
Any inconsistencies between Form 2, Form 4 and sample label will be noted in part 8 of the report. This includes not providing full name on all forms, inconsistent spelling of name, errors in transcription, missing signatures, incorrect sample collection and other minor inconsistencies that do not warrant a full re-collection. These comments cannot be changed unless a re-collection is performed at the cost of the client.
The information provided to DNAQ on Form 2 and Form 4 is the information that will be entered into the final report. If a middle name is excluded from the forms it will not be entered into the final report. DNAQ cannot change surnames on a report if a name change has occurred as the sample must be trackable throughout the laboratory with the identifiers it was originally given. Where a new report with a new name is required a re-collection of that sample with the new name will be required at a cost to the client.
In a rare few cases, insufficient DNA is obtained from a sample and the sample must therefore be re-collected to obtain a result. DNAQ will try multiple methods to obtain a profile from a weak sample, however if unsuccessful, re-collections will be at the expense of the client. If a client or collector is unsure of how to collect the sample to ensure sufficient DNA is collected they should contact DNAQ. For legal cases, where Forms 2 and 4 have been incorrectly completed, the tamperproof bag is unsealed or damaged or for any other reason where the integrity of the sample cannot be established a re-collection will be required at the expense of the client.
A new CTP for DNN 8 was released today. This CTP contains updated support for building modules using the ASP.NET MVC Framework as well as new support for building HTML 5 based modules. This adds to the existing support for building modules with ASP.NET WebForms (User Controls) and Razor scripts.
With this extended support DNN 8 becomes the only .NET CMS that offers module developers a choice of all the available ways to build extensions.
In this new blog series I will describe these new features while building a module to manage Contacts. This post is an introduction to developing MVC based modules.
The first thing to note is that the approach we have taken is to embed the MVC application inside an ASP.NET Web Forms server control. This is a similar approach to how we provided Razor support a few years ago, and is also the same approach we are using to support Single Page Application style modules using HTML 5, JavaScript and CSS.
This doesn’t really affect how module developers code their MVC modules, except that it means that routing is done a little differently. As an MVC module developer you don’t need to define any routes as DNN handles the routing (or URL Rewriting). We will however still support Html and Url helpers that defined links using action names and controller names. However, we will create urls that work within the DNN Url handling system.
In this introductory blog I will show how to set up Visual Studio (2015) to develop our first DNN MVC module. As a pre-requisite you will need to install the CTP which you can get from codeplex. Alternatively you can get the latest code by cloning the feature/8.0.0 branch of the DNN.Platform Github repository (https://github.com/dnnsoftware/Dnn.Platform).
Remove the files and folders added by the template – except the Controllers, Models and Views folders – and add an App_LocalResources folder (for our localization resources). You should have something that looks like Figure 2.
I like setting up my projects so that I can deploy them to my site as well as package them for installation so in order to do that we need to add some extra files to the project.
The first file to add is an MS Build file. This MS Build file is shown in Figure 3 (don’t worry if you can’t read everything in the file – as noted above the source for this project is available on Github (https://github.com/cnurse/DnnConnect.Demo), so you can copy the file on Github for use in your project.
There are four important properties in this file some of which will need to be modified for your installation:
The ModuleFolderName points to where your module will be deployed within the website – your module should be under the MVC folder within DesktopModules. This is important as this will mean that the web.config file that lives in that folder will apply to your MVC module. This web.config file allows the Razor Views to work just as they would in a stand-alone MVC Application with the change that the base WebViewPage is a DnnWebViewPage.
The two Imports statements points to two MS Build files that are used to deply and/or package the module. These files are copies of the files shipped with the DNN source and are located in the BuildScriptsPath folder.
Next we will need to add a DNN manifest file. Figure 5 shows the DNN manifest file I have created for the ContactList project.
The folderName property supports two levels just like legacy module types (for this property the MVC folder is implied)
The controlSrc property uses the “fake” extension “.mvc” to identify that this control is an MVC control. I will go into more detail about this in a future post.
Most of the other files in the root of the project are self-explanatory. In the next post in this series I will show how to build your first MVC View.
DnnModule.com is built to provide DNN quality modules and DNN skins, some of them are free, some not. We wish these stuffs (free or not ) can be useful to you.
Besides that, we also provide a full range of professional services, ranging from web site build, seo, system management, administration, support, senior consultancy and security services. We act as if your development project or network was ours, with care and respect. We are not satisfied until it works the way you want it to, and we don't silently ignore found issues as somebody else's problem.
Domain Name Prices, the most complete database of 2,000,000+ [premium] online asset sales worth $7,000,000,000.00+ of deals and much more
You have reached the daily limit of 20 free queries on DNPric.es. Please come back tomorrow or upgrade to premium status or login if you already have a premium account.
Professor H. Roy MD. MBBS. (Calcutta Medical College-CMC) MD. (All India Institute of Medical. Chauvet Cave in the valley of the Ard232;che River in France is filled with paintings, engravings and drawings created more than 30 000 years ago, of cave lions. Frumster is the parent company of the JWed and Frumster online dating brands. Our mission is to bring Jewish singles together in marriage. We started with a focus on. What It's Like Being A Black Woman In A DomSub Relationship With A White Man After meeting a much younger white man online, I began exploring what it would be. Click here to see our upcoming events Baltimore Single Speed Dating. Dating events for Baltimore singles speed dating is the perfect solution for those who are unsure. Discover the innovative world of Apple and shop everything iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Mac, and Apple TV, plus explore accessories, entertainment, and expert device. Welcome to Match. com, the melting pot of all online dating sites. And thats interracial dating pittsburgh necessarily a good thing. Dont kpop dating ban us wrong, there are an abundance of profiles. Getting back wanna hook up tradução is a learnable skill. The things you do interracial dating pittsburgh after your breakup can determine whether you'll win your girlfriend back, or whether you'll. Frequently Asked Questions -- Fruit Jars. From: Dave Hinson lt;glassmanqnet. comgt; Interracial dating pittsburgh Assorted answers to questions frequently asked interracial dating pittsburgh fruit jars … interracial dating pittsburgh 000 Latin women for dating. Brazilian women, Colombian Women, Peruvian Women, Interracial dating pittsburgh brides. Latin women online dating. Apr interracial dating pittsburgh, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Date an Older Woman. If you're dating an older woman, then there will be lots of excitement, adventures, and speed dating events in south jersey experiences ahead. If you're. You know when it comes interracial dating pittsburgh hookups, only hot older women will do. Interracial dating pittsburgh the hottest sugar mamas amp; MILFs on the sexiest MILF amp; cougar dating site: MILFtastic. The geologic time dating site software (GTS) is a system of chronological dating that relates funny dating site statuses strata (stratigraphy) to time, and is used by geologists, paleontologists. Meet Houston singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Houston. FindLaw provides New York Legal Research for lawyers, attorneys, and corporate counsel. HookED SOLO Hexagon Generator This HookED app populates a SOLO Hexagon Template. Brainstorm content ideas and enter them in … Perform HOROSCOPE MATCHING also known as kundali matching for marriage based on ashtakoot system of Vedic astrology using no. 1 horoscope matching tool on Internet. Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. With a title culled in part from one of his favorite lines from Abraham Lincoln, Jim Wallis' latest book, On God's Side: What Religion Forgets and Politics Hasn't. Totally FREE Christian dating site. Always free Christian single services, single Christian personals sites marriage introduction service personal ads matchmaker. Maija aus Wiefelstede bietet u. Koerperkuesse, Gynstuhl und Franzoesisch - jetzt treffen.
Hundreds of photos and profiles of women seeking romance, love and marriage from Vietnam. Meet Las Vegas singles online amp; chat in the puttsburgh DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Las Vegas. Here you can download TV show Teen Wolf (season 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6) full episodes in interracial dating pittsburgh mkv and avi.
All episodes are available in HD quality 720p, 1080p Gay Dating Service for Gay singles. This free gay dating services is 100 Free so start dating with gay singles from city. Check out top 30 best high-end famous luxury kitchen brands, manufacturers and suppliers. K505 - Prague, Funny things to put on dating sites amp; Budapest 10 Days 9 Nights.
Biggest dating site ireland 1: arrive Prague, Inerracial You will be met and transferred to your hotel. Then your pittsbuurgh is free to begin interracjal. Supports women's right to be treated as an equal within African society. Page includes interracial dating pittsburgh history, mission statement, publications and projects.
[French, English] Heather asks for advice: In November, it will be two years since my mother died after a prolonged illness. My father started dating a woman this summer. This interracial dating pittsburgh contains links to 401 web-based experiments, surveys, and other social psychology studies. If interracial dating pittsburgh would pittsbuurgh us to add a link to your study, click here.
Oct 19, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A white former Oklahoma police officer was convicted of interracial dating pittsburgh manslaughter datihg the off-duty fatal shooting of his daughter's black boyfriend after. Explore the vibrant streets of Agra, uncover bustling Delhi and beautiful Jaipur, enjoy a sunset cruise on the River Ganges, travel by jeep safari in Chitwan NP. For a while Ive wanted to synthesize some material thats scattered through my book (and more recent work) but that needs to be presented more directly.
Thousands of men and free dating sites in senegal. 10 Things You Don't Know About Kissing We love to kiss and tell. Check interracia, these interesting facts about your smooch interracial dating pittsburgh.
Discreet Affairs adult dating will help you find someone in a similar situation to yours explore a relationship with the knowledge that there isn't a Buzzcocks are an English punk rock band, formed in Bolton, England in 1976 by singer-songwriter-guitarist Pete Interracial dating pittsburgh and singer-songwriter Howard Devoto. They are. Info about Antique Medicine Bottles, including bottles for sale. The most populous country in the world has a number of worthwhile crawley dating site dating sites.
The best online dating sites in China (which I will discuss dating my married coworker detail in this. Charmed was a beloved supernatural TV series, but where are stars Niterracial McGowan, Alyssa Milano, Intwrracial Doherty, and Holly Marie Combs now. Get The Guy shows you how to attract amp; keep your man, from the 1 dating amp; relationship coach, Matthew Hussey. Get dating amp; relationship tips here.
Fox announced its fall schedule at its upfront today in New York. Tinder is a location-based interracial dating pittsburgh search mobile app that interracial dating pittsburgh users to chat. The app is most commonly used as a dating app or hookup app, but it also has services. Our time dating site NOW. Enjoy free registration. Sign up in two ticks free posting dating sites create a flirty profile to hang out with more single men or women online.
Get on to the next level of. Dec 04, 2017nbsp;0183;32;From breaking news and entertainment to sports, politics, and everyday interests, when it happens in the interracial dating pittsburgh, it happens interracial dating pittsburgh Twitter first. See all sides. Find out about crime and safety in Kiev and Ukraine.
Includes information about street and dating scams, police corruption, prostitution and HIV, and more. Aug 06, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Ảnh girls xinh sexy Thế giới người đẹp sao xinh Hong Kong Model Yan Ng Leaked Nude Datimg From Shocking ExtortionTrial MilfDating. singles is listing interracial dating pittsburgh top 10 best milf dating sites and detailed reviews of them. Try it to find a milf now.
Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Crowdfund innovations in tech and design before they go mainstream, and buy hundreds of unique products shipping now from Indiegogo's Marketplace. Rachelle. Great advice, Evan. I like the way you broke it down. Im a 37 year old woman and have online dated off and on over the years. Im attractive, fit, have. HAIL TO THE CHIEF. October 8, 2017 Jared Mees completed an unbelievably impressive season this year. Was it historic. Yes and no. But the likes of … As an experiment I set up accounts on three of the more popular free dating websites, then spoke to some women about their experiences. Heres interracial dating pittsburgh happened. This is a partial, non-exhaustive expat dating sites dubai of online dating websites Texas School for the Blind and Visually Impaired What sport would you never want to watch. If you're lost, do you ask for directions. Describe the ideal vacation. Describe an ideal weekend. What's your favorite dessert. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has interracial dating pittsburgh emerged interracial dating pittsburgh the last few centuries. Interracial dating pittsburgh the standpoint of anthropology and phish dating service. Video sites is a platform where users can upload small and large video clips with heading and share with friends interracial dating pittsburgh the internet. YouTube is world most popular. hi5 is a social networking site based in San Francisco, California. Founded in 2004, it was reported to be the 2nd largest social network after Myspace by 2007. In. Sep 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Dating apps and sites offer the option to filter matches by sex, ethnicity, height or religion, but they could be even more personal and … Dating Tubes And More Porn Tubes. TubeGalore. com Has A Huge Collection Of Porno :: TubeGalore, It's A Vortex. https:plentyoffishdatingsiteoffreedating. wordpress. com Plenty Of Fish Dating Site Of Free Dating visit Here you can see online members. Premium members and members with photos are displayed before others. Search members.
1 ton wench truck, has small Tulsa wench and some cable. Motor turns over but I haven’t started it. Will roll, tires not the best. The truck is complete.
NutriMedical Report Show Monday Nov 12th 2018 Hour Three – Rob Roselli, www.BoxofSunglasses.com, The American Genocidal Complex and more books, Analysis of Midterms and Trajectory of Dems and GOP for 2020, Trump Will Win House Expand Senate and Destroy Dems with Their Help, No Biparitsan Immigration Infrastructure Health or Borders,
NutriMedical Report Show Friday Nov 9th 2018 Hour Three – Gary Richard Arnold, Demon-Rats Must Behave and Co-operate with Trump, Geopolitical Disembowelment is Coming, End of Mueller Russiagate New AG Whittaker, STOP Left Control of Democrats, Rebuke of Population if Past Continues for Dems Behavior, Globalism Control of Climate Fires in Norther Cali, World Trade and Marxism Run by Bankers on World Stage,
The NutriMedical Report Show Hour Two Friday April 6th 2018 – Harley Sclanger, www.LaRouchePAC.com, Lyndon LaRouche 21st Century Geopolitical Philosopher, Energy Flux Density, Intellect Flux Density, Imagination Reach Beyond Senses, Competitor Nations with China and Russia, No Trade War Yet, Reduce Intellectual Property Theft by China, Improve Reciprocal Trade with China, End Russian Poisoning Scam, The British Did the Poisoning, British Poison Experts Say It was NOT Russia,
The NutriMedical Report Show Hour Three Tuesday March 27th 2018 – John W Spring, MH 370 Flight Anomalies, High Tech Passengers, Classified Superchip Engineers, AI Artificial Intelligence, SuperNet, CI Cortical Interface, KYLE KASHUV 2nd Amendment Parkland Survivor, Russian Rocket Engines in North Korean Missles, Northern California Water Dam Issues, Lieutenant Gavin Newsome, Neglect Dam Repairs, Flooding Dangers Again,
The NutriMedical Report Show Hour Three Tuesday March 20th 2018 – John W Spring, Letter to Pres Trump, North Korea May 2018 Meeting, Bad White House Intel, Need for John and Dr Bill to be Samuel to Pres Trump, Feed the Hungry, Prevent War Crimes Tribunal, Cut off Supplies from China Russia, Prevent Nuclear Dangers and Proliferation,
The NutriMedical Report Show Hour One Monday March 12th 2018 – Josh Bernstein, California Open Revolt against DOJ USA Feds, Gov Brown Oakland Mayor in Crosshairs, Defunding Sanctuary Cities and California, Trump Will Inspect 8 Prototype US/Mex Wall, Warren No DNA Test, Obama Action Group Coup, Midterm Philadelphia GOP Up 6 Senators 14 House, Trump Stumping Now!, Kim Jon UN North Korean Forced to Table, End of Armistice,
The NutriMedical Report Show Hour Three Tuesday March 6th 2018 – John W Spring, STOPPING North Korean Nuke Walmart 2018, Clarification of Intel to President Trump, Dangers of Walmart of Nukes to Iran Venezuela Brazil etc, Lets Save HUMANs and Whales !?, STOP Intel Ignorance and Tighten the Thumb Screws Kim Jon UN NOW !,
Report from www.LaRouchePAC.com Harley Schlanger Mon Feb 19th Given the media hype around Mueller’s indictment of “Russian trolls”, I am sending you this preliminary analysis of what this means. Despite the hype, this will go nowhere, though it will be used to pound home the original fraudulent message of “Russian meddling.” The author, Barbara…
By submitting this form, you are granting: Nutrimedical Inc, 1035 East Vista Way #122, Vista, CA, 92084, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Enter your email address to subscribe to published podcasts and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 November 2015 October 2015
In our share libs contains the list of McAfee Net drivers available for download. To download the proper driver by vender name.
If not found in our garage driver you need, please contact us, we will help you in time, and updates to our website.
All of the information from the Internet and through our editor updates to our website, All rights are reserved.
It is possible to drive right on through at the Foz do Iguacu border, which would be a bad idea, as there are many police checks once you are inside. You will need to find migracion and aduana. Your passport will be stamped by migracion and aduana will issue a temporary vehicle import permit (tramite).
Migracion will give you an exit stamp, and aduana takes back the temporary vehicle permit. Argentina and Paraguay customs and immigration are co-located on the Argentina border just north of Asuncion.
Highway 7 from Foz do Iguacu is 300 km to Asuncion. It is an arrow straight, very busy, and two lane most of the way. Pavement is pretty good, rutted in spots by truck traffic. Posted speed limit is 80 kmh which is ignored by everyone. Trucks go slower (60-70 kmh) and most cars go faster. Watch out for silly passing, no one checks their mirrors before pulling out. The wide shoulders are used by small motorcycles, mopeds, horsedrawn carts and pedestrians.
Pathfinder 2006, 146000 km, manteinance and papers are up to date, leather seats, perfect to travel. 4,200,000 CLP
4x4 2005 Toyota 4runner 4x4 Limited, really good, maintenance and papers are up to date, excellent for traveling, bencina consuption, automatic.
Hi! We are looking forward to share a 40´ HQ container from Seattle/Tacoma to Chile. Shiiping during November or December 2018. Our contact info: Juan Tronconi tel / Whatsapp : +5491157353727 email...
Hello everyone, we are driving the lovely Panamericana North-South in a Ford E-150 and are looking to share a container for the Darien crossing. We are super flexible time-wise and are looking...
Looking for a container share partner from Panama to Colombia! We will need a high cube container. We're looking to ship in the next 1 to 3 weeks. We are 2.5m high and 6.6m long. We do not have...
Except where otherwise noted content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License
maternity & newborn graphers in houston tx creative beauté agency cba houston tx a guilded wedding planning brooklyn ny weddingwire hughes manor wedding a prayerful couple alpha prosperity events an all white winter wedding in houston texas inside weddings vows 101 what you need to know about wedding vows weddingwire how much does a wedding planner cost brunch menu wedding and events venue in houston tx dayton wedding planners reviews for planners
When time is spent in an office or indoors day in and day out, some can lose that connection to the outside world. And that loss of connection can lead to higher stress levels and more health ailments without even realizing it. But when that the gap between office life and outdoor life is bridged, quality of life - and health - improves.
By adding in simple garden tasks or small DIY home improvement projects to your to-do list outside of work hours, you can go back to reclaiming that connection. It can also help ease stress, keep you active and limber (garden yoga anyone?), and even improve your mood. Who could use a little mood booster?
When one puts down their smartphones and picks up a spade and some gardening gloves, you not only give your mind a rest, but your body a rest too. Think of how your body reacts and responds when you’re scrolling through updates on your phone or computer? How is your posture? Are you tensed up? By setting the phone down and doing something more soothing - like most gardening tasks - you can effortlessly reduce the tension in your body and work on posture and body awareness.
While gardening doesn’t seem like exercise, digging, planting, weeding, and other garden activities take some level of physical exertion. And, over time, stretching and strength can be improved through simple gardening tasks. What’s best about most small DIY home improvement tasks, like gardening, is that you can change your exertion level depending on the needs of your body -- it’s a hobby you won’t have to complete give up as your body ages.
With any level of physical exertion, one should make sure that they are taking the necessary precautions to prevent injuries. The increase in physical exertion through gardening and small projects may not feel like a huge change all at once but being aware of how to avoid injury through resistance training and proper alignment can help in the long run.
Proper chiropractic care, such as regular spinal adjustments, developing muscle balance, ensuring pelvic alignment, etc can help prepare one’s body for any level of physical exertion. That way the stress relieving properties of gardening and home improvement won’t be lost to injury. By educating yourself on the preventative measures one can take through chiropractic care, you can enjoy all of the health benefits of the outdoors!
Alliance Chiropractic is located within Alliance Health in Fresno, CA. Alliance Health is designed with the patient's best interest in mind. The facility gives the patients the opportunity to choose how they want to be treated by giving them the option of Chiropractic, Physical Therapy or Acupuncture under one roof.
A book cover may not necessarily tell the whole story and may not accurately portray the nature of the contents within. Publishing companies pay high salaries to their marketing staff to create co ...
In the summertime, everyone's thoughts turn to the outdoors. We want to get out in the sun and have some fun. Some people do exercise outdoors, such as running, walking, and biking, all year long ...
Left-Handers Day, celebrated on August 13th, was launched in 1992 by the Left-Handers Club, an organization based in the United Kingdom. Since then, Left-Handers Day has become a worldwide event a ...
In a common occurrence, you bend over to pick up the pencil you inadvertently dropped on the floor. Or you bend over to pick up the soap bar that has slipped through your fingers in the shower. Or ...
Our shoulder joints have the greatest range of motion of any of the musculoskeletal joints in our bodies. The shoulder joint is really two joints, the glenohumeral joint between the arm bone (hume ...
Obtaining sufficient restful sleep is an essential requirement for optimal human productivity. Such a practice is a key component of a healthy lifestyle, which includes a nutritious diet, regular ...
The Dental Center specializes in beautifying smiles, maintaining your dental health, and helping you improve your appearance. Our experienced and friendly staff takes great pride in keeping your smile beautiful. Our promise to you is that the veneers, fillings, crowns, and bridges we create will look as good as or better than the teeth nature gave you. And to make sure we keep that promise, the products we recommend and use are the highest quality and incredibly durable. You can trust your smile to us.
© Images contained in this website are protected by copyright and may not be downloaded, republished, retransmitted, reproduced or otherwise used as a stand-alone file.
Once in a while, life gets in the way of blogging. This month I have been crazy with the end of my second semester of graduate school as well as visits with both my parents, my in-laws, volunteering, and a vacation.
First things first. M and I returned from our vacation on Monday night. When going through the mail I came across a postcard sent from one of my lovely followers Liz, who won the book giveaway. She thanked me for the book and for brightening her day. I'm happy to make you happy, Liz!
With that, I'd like to share some pictures from our Vegas vacation. We had a grand time staying at the Monte Carlo, taking a day trip to the Grand Canyon via the Hoover Dam, dining at a variety of delicious restaurants, partying it up VIP style on Saturday night, and seeing David Copperfield who made M and 12 others disappear!
All in all it was a great trip! Seeing the Grand Canyon was definitely one of the highlights as I've been wanting to see it for ages. Sitting by the pool and relaxing was also much needed. Mostly, I was just happy to spend some time with my husband away from our daily routine.
The Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close Book Giveaway had exactly one entrant! Liz Singer is the only person who followed the blog, tweeted, and commented on the original post, so she wins the book! Not bad odds there, Liz. Please email or message me with your mailing address so I can send the book to you.
Historical Fiction is quickly becoming one of my favorite genres. This book did not disappoint. The book is told from the perspective of Artemesia Gentileschi beginning with the trial of her rapist, through her struggles and triumphs as a daughter, wife, mother, and woman artist. The characters and relationships are strong as are the scenic descriptions. This is a beautifully written novel. I highly recommend it.
Mike and I had our engagement photo session with the wonderfully talented Jessica Guadagno in May of 2011, six months after we became engaged and four months before our wedding, in my hometown of Southampton. We had booked Jessica for our wedding just two days before our e-session, which was entirely her concoction. I'm so glad we did the session because it gave us a chance to get to know Jessica and we captured some breathtaking photos!
Today, a few photos from our engagement session were featured on the Well Wed Hamptons blog! SO COOL! Please click the link to see the photo collage and also to read our advice to couples for their own e-sessions.
This one the one we included with our invitations and also have framed in our apartment in a lovely frame that my friend Inga got us.
I consider myself an artist but graphic design is not my strongest style. I'm always inspired by my brother Shane who is great with computer graphics and my bestie Jill who is a bona fide graphic designer and art director here in NYC. That being said, I was inspired by our recent trip over the Brooklyn Bridge and the pictures I took to create a new banner for Mrs. Brooklyn Life.
Yesterday was a busy Sunday for us! In the afternoon we went for a walk over the Brooklyn Bridge and at night we went to the Yankee game!
One of the reasons Mike fell in love with me is because I am a Yankee fan. Mike and I met in the fall right around the end of the Yankees regular season and were able to score tickets to a post-season game. Unfortunately, the game we had tickets for was never played. A few months later, for Mike's birthday, I bought a partial season ticket plan so that we could go to many games together. We've renewed the tickets every year and are celebrating our seventh season of being ticket holders.
We have a 16 Game Sunday plan which has tickets to 14 Sunday games and two mid-week games. We really lucked out with our plan this year with tickets to two games against rivals The Red Sox and a game against The Mets. Other teams we have tickets to are the Rays, Rangres, Athletics, Orioles, White Sox, Mariners, Reds, and Angels.
The game yesterday against the LA Angels was great! Even though the game lasted three and a half hours, there was a lot going on on the field. The Yankees beat the Angels 11-5 with Derek Jeter and Raul Ibanez hitting home runs. In honor of Jackie Robinson day, all players wore number 42 and Jackie Robinson's daughters were there with the Jackie Robinson Foundation.
I thought having lived in Brooklyn for eight months and never walking over the Brooklyn Bridge was pretty sorry. My husband, who has lived in Brooklyn his entire life had never walked over the bridge, which is even more sorry! On this gorgeous Sunday afternoon we decided to get our lazy butts off the couch, put on our walking shoes, and walk the Brooklyn Bridge once and for all.
I'm so glad we finally took the time to be tourists in our own city! The BK Bridge is truly a spectacular sight.
Tamara moved to Brooklyn in 2011 from the East End of Long Island. She lives with her husband and her cat in Boerum Hill. She has passions for literature, fashion, food, the arts, and education.
Ok, problem solving; got my old back-up phone, but there was a reason I abandoned it as it's incredibly unreliable. Next task: find a SIM converter. | Matt Marshall
Ok, problem solving; got my old back-up phone, but there was a reason I abandoned it as it's incredibly unreliable.
Writing in math is an excellent way to develop a deeper understand about the math you are learning about.
By explaining how you solved a math problem, how you developed a formula to solve a problem, or how you applied a math concept requires critical thinking.
When you write about math you must use your minds as you formulate a logical explanation of how you solved a math problem.
When you write how you solved the problem using sentences or a short story, your true understanding and misconceptions become readily apparent. This is why writing in math is a useful strategy for assessing understanding of math concepts.
Using this checklist as overall guidance will help you grasp the fundamentals of how writing in math is different than other subjects.
Often the best way to assess students’ prior knowledge and experiences with math is to provide a situation in which they must explain a math concept or math situation. The following are a few examples of writing prompts that can be used to stimulate student thinking:
You know several ways to____________(solve an equation, add fractions, etc.) Which method is your favorite? Why?
Give two examples of situations in which you have used, seen or can find the concept of ____________. OUTSIDE of this classroom.
We are a Grade One class from Ontario, Canada sharing our learning with our families, friends and the world.
Today Mrs. van Rees showed us how to use Raz Kids. It's a home reading program on the computer. We can listen to books, read books and answer questions about the books we read. We can also decorate a room with all the stars we earn when we read!
(Your child's password was sent home today. Please let Mrs. van Rees know if you need the password again.)
Stay engaged in your finances by updating and using your CFS and actively managing your 401(k) contribution and your bank account type.
DCC Programming host Dana Kawala talks a bit about testing DCC decoders before you install one into a model railroad locomotive. Dana first explains why that's a good practice to follow, and then he demonstrates a number of handy decoder testers that make it easy to do so!
Our subscription video website provides excellent step-by-step examples and knowledgeable tips for building great models and model railroads.
Each month, Model Railroader magazine brings you step-by-step how-to projects, expert tips and techniques, great layouts, and more.
Only registered members of ModelRailroaderVideoPlus.com are allowed to comment on this video. Registration is FREE and only takes a couple minutes.
Sign up for the Model Railroader Video Plus newsletter to receive special offers from MRVP and its marketing partners. View our Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer: cherryface.com has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. All models are 18 years of age or older.
From the 17th of May, Bandai are to release a new series of trading figures in the form of kanji that transforms into its animal counterpart. The product is called "Mojibakeru" [もじバケる] which is a compound word of "Moji" [文字] meaning "character" and "Bakeru" [化ける] meaning "to change into."
My own contribution to this theme is already underway, and will be called Miyazakitopia. This is a diorama paying tribute to master animator Hayao Miyazaki. The first phase, "Totoro and friends" is already complete, and was unveiled this evening to coincide with the announcement...
I find it hard to believe that seven years have passed since I made the decision to pursue my dream of becoming a photographer. Even though it has been challenging, I have thoroughly enjoyed every minute. I have had some amazing clients to photograph, and have made some lifelong friends. When the photos session is over, I can't wait to get home and upload the photos to see what I was able to capture. I love the finished product. A few years ago, I began blogging but have fallen behind in this area. I promise I will try to dedicate more time to my blog, so others can get to know the wonderful clients I am photographing. Many of them have interesting stories to tell. I also think it is interesting to see how couples met, and of their plans for the future. I am available most days to photograph you and your loved ones. Message or call for an appointment. View more on my website at http://brendakingphotography.com.
I am trying to learn to shoot Off Camera Flash. I had a free evening recently, and contacted my neighbor Carrie Stephens to come be my practice model. We only had a few minutes to practice, but I was pleased with the outcome of the photos. Here are a few that I took, using two speedlights, and two small continuous lights. Thanks so much Carrie for being such a great model, and allowing me to practice on you !
The AMT Electronics Legend amps R2 gives you 3 outputs to cater for nearly every application imaginable, serious high-gain tones and gorgeous cleans (effectively 2 channel), 9-12V, 3 band EQ, Buffer, military strength build and plenty – PLENTY – of rock attitude. You probably need this or one of the 10 varieties of Legend amps boxes. They’re useful, scary and great fun.
We are skilled specialists in repairing and restoring shoes, boots , purses, horse saddles and leather. We replace soles and heels, take-in boots for a better fit, replace zippers and straps, and much more. We also do custom alterations and Orthopedic Shoe Repair! Have questions about your shoe or leather repair? No problem. Just call Adele at (321) 499-4606.
Established in 1998, we combine craftsman skills and modern materials to give your favorite shoes, boots and leather bags the best possible care. We are located at 1915 S Babcock St, Melbourne, FL 32901. We look forward to serving you!
Each of the alumni below were a part of Tennis while they attended Briarwood High. Register if you would like to be listed below.
Looking for Briarwood alumni who participated in Tennis but are not listed? Classmates.com® has hundreds of more Briarwood alumni listed.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Briarwood High School	of East Point, Georgia
A wide range of specialised coatings to enhance productivity and operational life of critical machinery in power generation plants
Coatings to cater to various requirements of process rolls in different sections of steel processing industry.
A wide variety of coating solution for various pumps and compressors parts to prolong operational life.
Coatings prolong operational life of feeder screws without deteriorating performance. In comparison to Hard Chrome plating Tribodex DC coatings 6-10x higher operational life.
Welding technologies for depositing of overlay with metallurgical bonding for superior strength and impact resistance. Welding processes available
Plasma Transferred Arc Process ( PTA Process ) is used to fuse a metallic coating to a substrate in order to improve its resistance against wear and/or corrosion.
During the process, metal powder is fed into a molten weld puddle (fusion bath) generated by the plasma arc at high temperature (up to 20,000 °C).All welding parameters, including powder feed, power input, plasma gas and shielding gas, as well as torch and work piece movement are automatised and computer controlled in PLASMA TEAM equipment.
Deposit thickness can range from 0.6 to 6.0 mm, width from 3 to 10 mm when using a single pass; multi pass welding reaches deposit thickness up 20 mm and width over 30 mm.
The core of PTA process is PLASMA . The plasma (a gas sufficiently ionized to be electrically conductive) can be viewed as the natural state of matter (the so called fourth state of matter), with the other states existing only as variants to the normal.
In PTA hard facing, two DC power supplies are used to first establish a non-transferred arc ( pilot arc ) between the tungsten electrode (-) and the anodic nozzle (+) and then a transferred arc between the tungsten electrode (-) and the work piece (+).
The pilot arc is struck by an High Frequency device and the plasma gas flowing around the cathode is ionized at the electrode tip.
When the transferred arc is ignited, the work piece becomes part of the electrical circuit and the plasma arc is directed and focused through the torch orifice into the work piece.
Powder is metered, under a positive pressure of Argon flow, from the bottom of the torch into a pool of molten metal on the work piece surface.
The torch is then either moved by a side-beam carriage over the work piece, or the work piece is rotated or moved under the torch to produce a weld overlay deposit.
The plasma arc deposit is fully dense and metallurgically bonded to the work piece. The deposit microstructure is dense, with formation of dendrites during solidification. One of the most important features of the PTA process is the control of dilution. PTA produces dilution as low as 5%, compared to 20-25% typically obtained when hard facing by MGAW (MIG) and GTAW (TIG) processes. So it is possible to maintain the noble properties of deposit even in one single pass.
Gas tungsten arc welding (GTAW), also known as tungsten inert gas (TIG) welding, is an arc welding process that uses a non-consumable tungsten electrode to produce the weld. The weld area is protected from atmospheric contamination by an inert shielding gas (argon or helium), and a filler metal is normally used.
GTAW is used to produce a homogenous and low dilution weld overlay of various materials over Mild Steel and Stainless Steel substrates. Some of the materials deposited with GTAW are as follows:
The process can also be automated with PLC controlled manipulator and a voltage feedback (AVC) which senses the voltage and corrects the torch distance. Using Auto-GTAW a uniform overlay can be achieved and process completion time can be reduced significantly.
After desired thickness is achieved the coating is further re-heated and taken to solidous temperature (1020 to 1100 ºC).
At this temperature coating fuses and voids and prosity in the coating collapses making the coating more dense and homogeneous. This also forms a fine metallurgical bond with the prepared substrate which makes the coating capable of enduring impacts.
The self-fluxing powder can also be sprayed with Flame Spray gun in place of Oxy-Acetlene torch for faster coating buildup and for covering larger area.
This process is primarily used for powder containing Boron and Silicon or “Self-fluxing Powder”. The powder is fed through an oxy-acetlene flame where it becomes semi-molten and deposits on the substrate like a Flame Spray Coating. After desired thickness is achieved the coating is further re-heated and taken to solidous temperature (1020 to 1100 ºC). At this temperature coating fuses and voids and prosity in the coating collapses making the coating more dense and homogeneous. This also forms a fine metallurgical bond with the prepared substrate which makes the coating capable of enduring impacts.
Award winning comic artist Frank Cho will be signing at the Kaching Brands + MINDstyle booth (#639) during NY Comic Con from February 23-25. The NY Comic Con exclusive Monkey Boy from Liberty Meadows (pictured below) will be limited to 200 pieces and run $49.99. Not bad for a 10" tall figure. Hmm...I'm not sure which one of MINDstyle's new figure I like better...???
This Christian church word search includes many of the things and people one might find in a church. It is a challenging puzzle because it includes diagonal words. This is a great project for church groups and Sunday schools.
July was a busy month as our Grandson Oscar and Rosanna stayed with us and later were joined by our son Adrian. We did lots of things, including going to Nanny's 80th birthday, Finkley Down Farm, Highcliffe-on-sea and going to Rosanna's sister Dora's baby shower.
Today, IGIGI by Yuliya Raquel debuts their Intro to Fall Collection. Igigi by Yuliya Raquel has always offered beautiful, curve-flattering pieces in sizes up to 30/32. They truly embody the belief that beauty knows no size. We’re excited to see what they have to offer this Fall and from the looks of it, they are continuing to offer showstoppers for every plus size woman who is looking for that special outfit that is sophisticated, modern and has that WOW factor.
The information contained on this web site has been included for general informational purposes only and no person should make any medical decision in reliance upon the information contained herein.
All information contained in this web site is obtained from sources believed to be accurate and reliable. While all information presented is believed to be accurate and reliable, it is prepared "without audit." Due to the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, this information is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind and CustomMadeMeds.com makes no representation, express or implied, as to the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of this information, and is not responsible for any loss or damages incurred by parties using this information.
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. cuteasiangirl.net has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. If you see something illegal, please, email us and we will remove it ASAP. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parts. We have no control over the content of these pages, all materials are added automatically.
[S10280] Dodd, Jordan, Liahona Research, comp.. Maryland Marriages 1655-1850 [database on-line]. Provo, Utah: Ancestry.com Operations Inc, 2004 (a) (Reliability: 3).
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding © 2001-2018, created by Darrin Lythgoe, Sandy, Utah. All rights reserved.
Join us, we offer you an extraordinary chance to learn, to develop and to be part of an exciting experience and team.
Flexa Regal Polc Katt Ra A Felnagya Tashoz Flexa Regal Weiss Gebraucht Flexa Regal Hochbett Halbhohes Bett Flexa Regal – rasowy-rodowodowy.info
Select a Work Art and the Bible Back to Freedom and Dignity Basic Bible Studies Christian Manifesto, A Church at the End of the Twentieth Century, The Church Before the Watching World, The: A Practical Ecclesiology Corruption Vs. True Spirituality Death in the City Escape From Reason Everybody Can Know Finished Work of Christ, The : The Truth of Romans 1-8 Genesis in Space and Time: The Flow of Biblical History Great Evangelical Disaster, The God Who Is There, The He Is There and He Is Not Silent How Should We Then Live? Joshua and the Flow of Biblical History Letters of Francis Schaeffer Mark of the Christian, The New Super-Spirituality, The No Final Conflict No Little People Pollution and the Death of Man: A Christian View of Ecology True Spirituality Two Contents, Two Realities Whatever Happened to the Human Race? Who Is For Life? Who Is For Peace?
Do any of these phrases sound familiar? This is what is being taught in large sections of the church today. They may use different words, but the meaning is the same. In The Church Before the Watching World Schaeffer explains where this thinking came from, how it crept into the church and what it's consequences are for "true truth" and our actions. If you're wondering why the church just doesn't seem to make sense today or refuse to blindly "experience God" without your mind, this is the book for you.
It is interesting, but not surprising, that from the time theology became naturalistic, it has tended simply to follow the curve of secular naturalism. It really says nothing different from the surrounding consensus; whatever the surrounding nontheological consensus is, theological liberalism has conformed to it. If we were to draw a graph giving the curve of the shifting secular naturalistic consensus in red ink and then the teaching of liberal theology in green ink, we would find almost identical curves, with the theological liberalism simply following a few years later and using religious terms instead of secular ones. Liberal theology uses different terminology, and yet says the same thing just a short time later. It has a naturalistic perspective that is totally opposite from the perspective of historic Christianity and the Bible.
Basically, the biblical perspective is this. First, there is an infinite-personal God who exists and who has created the external universe, not as an extension of His own essence, but out of nothing. Something of the nature of this created universe can be found out by reason because that is the way the infinite-personal God has created it. The universe is neither chaotic nor random, but orderly. Cause and effect is real, but this cause and effect is not in a closed system, but rather in an open system -- or, to say it in a different way, it is a cause-and-effect system in a limited time span. Though this universe has an objective existence apart from God, it does not operate solely on its own; it is not autonomous. God is not a slave to the cause-and-effect world He has created, but is able to act into the cause-and-effect flow of history.
Second, God has made man in His own image, and this means, among other things, that man too can act into the cause-and-effect flow of history. That is, man cannot be reduced to only a part of the machine; he is not an automaton.
Third, not only can God act into the world, but He is not silent; He has spoken to men in the historic, space-time situation. The Bible and Christ in His office of prophet have given a propositional, verbalized communication to men that is true about God, true about history, and true about the cosmos. This should not take us by surprise, for if God has made man in His own image and has made us so that we can verbalize facts propositionally to each other on a horizontal level of communication, then it is natural that the infinite God who is personal would also communicate vertically to man in the same way. Of course, we must be careful to make a distinction here. Although God has not given us exhaustive knowledge (only He is infinite), He has given us true knowledge (what I have often called true truth)-- true knowledge about Himself, about history, and about the cosmos.
Fourth, the universe as it is now is not normal; that is, it is not now as it was when it was first created. Likewise, man is no longer as he was when first created. Therefore, from Godís side there is the possibility of a qualitative solution for man as he is now and for man's cruelty, without man ceasing to be man.
For after the failure of rationalism [to find meaning and significance], if rationality was maintained there were two possibilities. The first was to become nihilistic. That is, on the basis of reason, they could have concluded that all is blackness and then given up hope. Their other rational alternative was to conclude that rationalism was wrong, that men -- being finite -- cannot gather enough particulars to make up the universals. That in fact, men need knowledge outside of themselves if they are ever to find a satisfactory answer to life. In other words, it would have been reasonable to accept the possibility of revelation or at least the necessity for revelation. But, of course, to do this they would have had to give up their presupposition of rationalism. The point is that they could have taken either of these alternatives and yet have remained men of reason.
It must have been a hard moment for them; they had to choose between these two alternatives if they were going to keep their rationality. Instead, they did something new. They did what previously would have been unthinkable to educated men: they split the field of knowledge. They held on to their rationalism by letting go of the concept of a unified field of knowledge. NonChristian philosophers had formerly thought that they would be able to come up with a unity on the basis of reason, but they abandoned this hope.
Rather, they now accepted that on the basis of reason men will always come to pessimism -- man is a machine and meaningless. Therefore, they developed a concept of nonreason, an attempt of man to achieve meaning and significance outside the framework of rationality. For them, everything which makes human life as human life worth living falls in the area of nonreason, what I call in my other books the upper story.
It is crucial that we understand the situation here. The areas of reason and nonreason are held to be completely apart. Picture the line between reason and nonreason as a solid concrete wall with barbed wire in the middle charged with 10,000 volts of electricity. Then you can begin to understand how there can be no interchange between the lower story with reason which leads to despair and the upper story of hope without reason. Everything that is worthwhile for human life ó meaning, values, love, etc. -- Is in the area of nonreason. In what we may now call the new humanism, we have a semantic mysticism with no facts.
rationalism: man can understand the universe by beginning from himself without any recourse to outside knowledge, specifically outside knowledge or revelation from God.
rationality: reason is valid. The first axiom in the classical concept of rational methodology is that A is A and A is not non-A. That is, if a proposition is true, then its opposite is not true.
Because this type of thought [rationalism coupled with mysticism] has severed the meaning of life from any connection to reason, the secular or religious existentialist is left with no categories of truth, and no categories of right and wrong. Down in the lower story, reason tells him that he is only a machine, that he may be expressed in a mathematical formula. Upstairs in the upper story of nonreason, he has become something of a Greek shade unable to distinguish between fantasy and reality.
Words like Jesus are separated [by some people] from all reason and have no real base. So what is the word Jesus? A contentless banner which men take and say, in effect, "Follow me on the basis of the motivational force of the word Jesus."
When the young people say to us, "I hate god words," if we are to be Christians we must say, "I hate god words too." For such god words are separated from all verification and falsification; they can be made to mean anything. The new theologians seem to be saying something more than secular thinkers are saying because they use such religious words. But they are really saying the same things with a different set of linguistic symbols. There is many a liberal theologian today who uses the word God to equal no god -- to give optimism in what is to him a totally pessimistic predicament, using words only as psychological tools to give psychological help or to aid in sociological manipulation.
Schaeffer defines "god words" as "contentless-connotation religious words" or religious language used vaguely and without a meaning based in scripture and reason.
Unless we see the new liberalism as a whole and reject it as a whole, we will, to the extent that we are tolerant of it, be confused in our thinking, involved in the general intellectual irrationalism of our day and compromising in our actions.
Największa baza Ratowników WOPR - www.ratownicy.wopr.net.pl Największa baza Ratowników WOPR - www.ratownicy.wopr.net.pl
Lilly The Witch — Lilly is a girl who is 9 years old. She thinks of herself as normal until she stumbles upon a magic book and learns to cast spells. From then on she experiences many funny and wild adventures that take her all over the world.
Is anyone else having trouble downloading videos on blogger???? My computer has been really slow and had other problems so I took it to geek squad. Paid $$$ and still my computer is slow...ugh. Guess I better take it back. Anyway, I will post some recent videos on my facebook. So you can check them out there.
Ted has a new job! He is working for a drilling company based in California. They are here working in Ogden putting power line poles in. Ted works the crane. He works 6 days a week and will be working for this company until the job is complete. The deadline is October 1st. He had to join the Union and has quickly learned why road construction workers end up standing around most of the day. Apparently, the "union" has rules that you only do the job you are hired to do. So, while Ted was hired to work the crane, that is all he is allowed to do. He came home a bit frustrated and bored one day saying "I can't even pick up a hammer". But he is glad to have a job that is paying him good wages. He already got a nickname from the other workers. They call him "priest" when Ted asked one of the guys why, he said is was because none of them have heard him swear. And because he is a mormon. (they must have known from the garment lines) One guy always does the cross over his heart gesture to Ted everytime Ted walks onto the jobsite. Ted thinks that maybe they are praying that Ted doesn't screw up... :-)
Two weeks ago our sweet dog Molly took the dreaded trip to the animal shelter. She had arthritis really bad. She wouldn't go down stairs anymore so she was pottying at the top of the stairs. And just watching her get up from lying down was heartbreaking. I couldn't bear seeing her get worse everyday. The whole family went to take her to the shelter. On the way home we got the kids an icecream cone and Daesha cried the whole way home while letting the icecream melt down her hand. It was a very sad day for our family. Ted wouldn't admit it but I saw a few tears from him too.
Daesha is graduating from preschool this week. She will be singing the pink song in the graduation program. Hopefully I can have my computer fixed by then and can put the video on here. She has recently had a growth spurt and has grown even taller!!
Keegan is... well lets put it this way. I put him up for sale on facebook. :-) He has recently started hitting, spitting, and throws things in fits of anger. He is constantly getting into things he shouldn't and runs everywhere. I literally have my hands full of a wiggly fussy boy who is getting way to big to control. It's a good thing that he is cute and has a few happy moments a couple times a week.
We have 1 month before the towns parade. And we are on the float commitee. So we will be very busy getting that done this month. I also will be starting a new job next week working for the adoption agency we adopted Keegan through. I am SUPER excited about it.
We have been enjoying the warm weather and loving the outdoors. Here are a few pictures taken on some fun adventures.
Ted took the kids on a 4-wheeler ride. While they stopped for a lunch break they found a dead squirel. Ted let Daesha poke it with a stick!
JC found a Holiday Rambler wheel assembly somewhere (he has his mechanic ways), and in a few mere weeks the RV was fixed. A few weeks after our trip, I received a call, "You wanna head down with us to pick up the Rambler?" Although it sounded like a lot of fun, I turned down the offer. JC and T-Mo eventually got the RV back to Pennsylvania, in one piece, with all of its wheels going round and round.
A few weeks later, even more woes persisted. As the RV was getting the mandatory PA state inspection, a crack was found in the transmission casing, and the whole thing needed replaced. Yet more money was pumped into the RV to get it fixed. Hopefully, it will be the end of the problems, but for some reason I don’t think so.
We've taken a few trips in the beast since our fateful trip, and for the most part all has gone well. The old girl was definitely a 'fixer-upper', and I would be hesitant to take her on a trip like our cross-country journey again. For short trips to Philadelphia, Baltimore, or the Poconos, she works out great. Now all we need to do is find something to do with all of that diesel fuel...
The quad core Samsung UE85S9STXXU Smart 3D 4k Ultra HD 85" LED TV lets you experience entertainment like never before, with a super 4K resolution, 1000 Hz processing rate, 5-speaker surround sound and a host of exciting smart features. Contemporary design Inspired by the concept of a canvas on an easel, the Samsung UE85S9STXXU boasts a truly unique design that's sure to become the focal point of any room. The sleek bezel appears to float within its beautiful outer frame, delivering edge-to-edge viewing and a truly expansive entertainment experience. The striking black framework on the S9 is crafted from precious metals and you'll find a webcam and five discreet in-built speakers, providing an enriching visual experience inside and out. Ultra High Definition Bridge the gap between action and reality with the Samsung Ultra HD 4K TV. The Samsung UE85S9STXXU delivers breathtaking visuals with four times the detail of Full HD, marking the future of TV viewing. You can expect the most lifelike images with incredible detail and stunning contrast on the 85" LED screen, offering an immersive viewing experience that's a step above anything you've seen before. The Ultra HD Upscaler upgrades standard and HD pictures too, and Micro Dimming technology delivers dynamic colour with the deepest blacks and the purest whites. Cinematic 3D viewing Bring your entertainment to life with active 3D on the Samsung S9 . Active 3D delivers captivating viewing from every angle, with stunning depth and vibrant colours, leaving you feeling like you're a part of the action. The 1000 Hz Clear Motion Rate technology bolsters the potential of 3D viewing, offering wonderfully fluid on-screen motion and handling fast-moving scenes with ease. You can view your 3D programmes and movies in comfort with the four pairs of specially designed, lightweight 3D glasses included with the Samsung UE85S9STXXU TV . Future-ready entertainment You can enjoy the best of the internet on the Samsung S9 thanks to built-in WiFi and Ethernet connections. Browse the web in full, access social networks and view all your favourite catch-up TV and video on demand services, all accessible from the Smart Hub Homepage. With voice and motion control you can experience a whole new way of navigating your TV. Make channel surfing a thing of the past with S Recommendation - simply ask the S9 "what's on" and it will respond with a selection of handpicked entertainment options from live TV to apps, all based on your personal preferences. The Samsung UE85S9STXXU supports twin Freeview HD and Freesat HD tuners - stop the debates by utilising the picture in picture feature that allows you to watch two programmes simultaneously or view one channel while recording another. Now you can future-proof your Samsung S9 TV with the Smart Evolution Kit. With Samsung's unique Evolution technology you can keep your TV updated with the latest performance technology, content and features, ensuring it stays cutting edge. You can further your entertainment by linking up a games console or Blu-ray player via the four HDMI ports or watch home videos and photos on the mega screen using the three USB ports. Don't forget your HDMI cables Check out our range of HDMI cables to connect your input devices and to make sure your new TV has a perfect picture with improved transfer speeds. Look out for the Sandstrom Silver Series HDMI cables, which have a lifetime warranty. Take a step into the future of home entertainment with the Samsung UE85S9STXXU Smart 3D 4k Ultra HD 85" LED TV . To see it is to believe it See the S9 in all it's glory at one of our following stores and chat with one of our Knowhow experts about installation. Birmingham New Malden Gateshead Gallagher Retail Park Unit 2 Burlington Retail Park Unit 2/2a Retail World Axletree Way Burlington Road Team Valley Wednesbury WS10 9QY New Malden KT3 4PA Gateshead NE11 0BDOnly one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all th … more information.
Spread the Cost: If you can't afford it right now, then no problem. Although instant credit at Currys is not currently offered, you can easily spread the cost across weeks or even months, and still enjoy the Samsung Ue85s9stxxu Smart 3d 4k Ultra Hd 85" Led Tv right away by purchasing with your credit card. Also, right now, you can take advantage of purchasing today, and enjoying special Currys discounts.
Upgrade your PC with the 750 GB Samsung 840 EVO 2.5" Internal SSD . Providing stunning performance, it can help to speed up your PC and is made from high-quality components that you can rely on. Solid state drives do not have moving parts, instead using memory such as NAND flash, helping to prolong use. They also have faster read and write speeds and use less power than traditional hard drives. The EVO combines all of Samsung's best SSD technology for superior performance without lag that will change the way you use your computer. In a flash Offering high speed storage, the 840 EVO offers the performance you need for every task. The MLC NAND flash memory helps to store data rapidly, efficiently and reliably. Keep your videos running smoothly or multitask like a pro with this SSD, which can perform around three times faster than a standard hard drive. The TurboWrite technology improves the write rate, whilst the RAPID cache function helps to improve performance by using the PC's free DRAM as a cache. Robust design Your drive will be able to cope with almost anything, from shocks to vibrations to high temperatures, thanks to its robust design. This helps to extend the life expectancy of your drive and protect it from failure. The brushed metal contsruction and slim design make it ideal for your laptop. Easy install You'll find it simple to install the 840 EVO SSD thanks to the laptop kit and installation guide. The migration software and auto install guide help to guide you through the process of changing your guide so you can get started in no time. With the Samsung Magician software you can maximise performance so your PC can perform at its best. Make the most of your time, and of your laptop, with the 750 GB Samsung 840 EVO 2.5" Internal SSD .
Print your documents, images and more with the Samsung Xpress SL-C410W Wireless Colour Laser Printer . Compatible with Apple AirPrint and Google Cloud Print, you can print from a number of mobile devices with this modern printer. Making printing smarter With the Samsung Xpress SL-C410W Printer , you can use wireless technology to print your documents, emails and more. This printer boasts NFC technology and built-in WiFi for superbly flexible connectivity with all of your media devices. Make the most of wireless without worrying about security thanks to the One Touch WPS button. Using NFC technology, you can simply tap your mobile device to the printer to establish a connection and print your content. Alternatively, you can make use of built-in WiFi to print from virtually anywhere in the home. This printer also works with Google Cloud Print, which is compatible with a number of smartphones, tablets, PCs or other web-enabled devices. High quality printing Whether you're printing texts, graphs or pictures, you can print high quality documents on the Xpress SL-C410W Wireless Colour Laser Printer . The 600 x 600 dpi resolution provides clear prints and smoother images. It uses Samsung Polymerised Toner, which provides vivid and glossy images. With smaller and more uniform particles, it helps to provide crisp lines. The Rendering Engine for Clean Page (ReCP) technology eliminates white gaps in your printing for a more satisfying result. Economic to run The Xpress SLC410W Wireless Colour Laser Printer has a handy one-touch ECO button which helps you to save on toner, paper and energy while you're printing. The ECO feature allows you to print multiple pages on one sheet, print in greyscale and skip blank pages. Print clear documents with the well-connected Samsung Xpress SL-C410W Wireless Colour Laser Printer .Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
The Samsung VC20F70HDFN F700G Pet Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner effortlessly moves across all floor types, picking up all dirt and dust and leaving your floor exceptionally clean every time. Vacuum power Driven by a powerful 2000 W motor, the F700G generates a strong centrifugal force that effectively circulates dirt and dust through the inner chamber. All dirt particles are separated from the air and filtered into the outer vacuum chamber. This ensures that the air expelled is clean with no traces of dust, preventing blockages and maintaining a high suction performance. Samsung's Motion Sync Vacuum Cleaner's innovative CycloneForce technology uses a special interior structure with 14 chambers that create multiple cyclonic airflows. Ease of use The cambered wheels allow the vacuum to swiftly roll and glide across floors with minimum effort while the wheel supports ensure the vacuum is stable during use with no tipping or falling over. The Samsung F700G 's bagless design is easy to remove and empty without getting dust everywhere. Just detach the bin by a simple push and twist the cover open before dropping the contents in the rubbish. A washable HEPA filter captures more dust and grime to help maintain and clean and healthy suction system; a quick rinse is all it takes for the filter to be as good as new. A remote control handle makes it easy to operate the vacuum and select the appropriate power - the control is in your hands. Keep on cleaning Samsung's F700G also boasts an innovative dust detection and alert system that displays a red light signal when you hit a dusty spot. Once you've ridded the area of all the dust the light signal will turn to green - leaving you with a spotless room. The Samsung vacuum comes equipped with an extreme force brush that diffuses pressure evenly for a forceful pick-up, perfect for those tougher spots. The vacuum handle features built-in cleaning accessories, so you can quickly switch tools without the need to detach. Pick up more dirt in less time with the Samsung VC20F70HDFN F700G Pet Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner .
Keep your home free from dust and dirt and help eradicate mites and allergens with the powerfully advanced Samsung VC20F70UKGC F700G UV Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner . Cyclonic consistency Utilising 2000 watts of power, the F700G uses Cycloneforce technology to deliver superb and constant suction throughout the course of your clean. Dust and debris are separated, via centrifugal force, from clean air and sieved away into the collection chamber. By only expelling clean air through the HEPA 13 filter, it remains clean and unclogged for longer meaning you get superior performance every time. Suitable for all floor types, the F700G has a telescopic tube and 12 m operating circle, meaning it's easy to reach all around you. Manage the mites Supplied with a Silencio force brush, dust sensor and furniture guard, you'll have all the tools you need to keep your floors and carpets clean. A special UV brush is also included - Great for people who suffer from allergies, this clever device captures allergens and mites and sterilizes them with a powerful ultra-violet lamp. Convenient to use Easy to use, the design of the F700G lets you steer it around your house with ease, while conveniently placed buttons on the handle of the hose let you keep control of the vacuum cleaner with minimal effort. A 9 m cable provides plenty of slack for getting around even the largest of rooms and when you've finished a cord-rewind system saves time and lets you get the F700G ready to pack away in seconds. Designed to keep your home clean and clear from dust and dirt, the Samsung VC20F70UKGC F700G UV Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner is a valuable addition to any house-cleaning arsenal.
The 8 GB black Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini smartphone will become a handy life companion for you, just like its larger S4 counterpart. From its elegant design to high-quality graphics and powerful processing, it's an impressive mobile phone. Unleash the possibilities with superior phone performance Whatever the situation, the Galaxy S4 Mini is ready to help. Thanks to its Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean operating platform with a 1.7 GHz dual-core processor and 1.5 GB of RAM, the phone is able to multitask easily and quickly. The ultra-fast processor and ample memory help drive the integrated high-resolution camera system and the range of connection options to help you face any daily challenge and take advantage of special moments in your life. A more portable Galaxy The black Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini has been designed in a compact shape that's slim enough to fit into your pocket and take wherever you go. Sleek and stylish, it doesn't compromise on power and quality. Enjoy superb internet browsing, photo viewing and video watching on its 4.3" qHD sAMOLED touchscreen. Swipe, tap and flip between apps and perspectives, enjoying effortless usability for all applications. The downsized yet ergonomic new design also gives you a better grip, so you can talk, browse, photograph and more with easy confidence. View, snap, listen The mini Galaxy S4 is fitted with a 1.9-megapixelxel front camera and an 8 megapixel rear camera for outstanding photo and video capture and clear, easy web chats. The BSI CMOS sensor helps you freeze moments in captivating stills or shoot exciting events in full, which you can watch back in qHD resolution for total enjoyment. Store and listen to your favourite songs using the phone's built-in MP3 player, giving you hours of high-quality enjoyment via its integrated speakers or over headhpones. Complete connectivity in the palm of your hand Equipped to meet a variety of connectivity standards for enhanced productivity, fun and communication, the Samsung S4 Mini Black offers WiFi for speedy internet connections in wireless hotspots, and Bluetooth for straightforward file and information sharing with compatible devices. It also has a GPS facility, ideal for positioning yourself when you're in unfamiliar surroundings, and for better phone security. Additionally, a range of extra functions further expands your daily mobile life. Even with no Wi-Fi or network connection, you can still connect with other people via Group Play. It brings people together and offers a variety of sharing options including combining handsets as a speaker system, building a photo collage, playing a group game and more. Lifestyle-oriented apps The Samsung S-4 Galaxy Mini Black even lets you do more for your wellbeing - S Health monitors your health and helps you get in shape. Download the app from Samsung Apps to start keeping track of your progress, checking your calorie balance with the food tracker or watching your exercise development using the optional S Band. It's almost like having a highly informative personal trainer. S Travel is an app that acts an intelligent pocket tour guide. Get travel recommendations, tourist guides, geographic information, local attractions, good restaurants and the best sights. With integrated native applications, various smart functions and services are seamlessly delivered, enriching your life by acting like a miniature personal assistant. Essential mobile apps and remote storage Make the most of Google Search, Google Maps, Gmail, Google Messenger, Google Play Store, Google Plus, YouTube, Google Talk, Google Local, Google Navigation, Voice Search and Chrome - all included on your Galaxy S-4 Mini Black . HomeSync and Samsung Link are great features of the 8 GB Galaxy S4 Mini . Remotely store and share your photos, videos and other files without worrying about capacity, security and data loss Use Samsung Link to create a direct connection between Samsung devices, sharing content with friends and family more freely and ea
Keep your Smart Camera as safe as can be with the Samsung EA-CC3UWB2P Smart Camera WB250F Sporty Pouch - White & Pink, a fun and colourful way to look after your camera. Stylish and practical Keep your camera's screen lens and body scratch free and out of harms way with the stylish and sporty looking EA CC3UWB2P case in a chic white with a bright pink accent PU. Retro-styled and perfectly scaled for the Samsung WB250F Smart Camera, this lightweight polyurethene camera case is ideal for carrying and storage without sacrificing on style. Use the Samsung EA-CC3UWB2P Smart Camera WB250F Sporty Pouch in White & Pink to keep your WB250F out of harms way.
Smart protection for your Smart Camera, Samsung EA-CC3UWB2N Smart Camera WB250F Sporty Pouch - White & Brown is the best way to look after your camera. Stylish and practical Keep your camera's screen lens and body scratch free and out of harms way with the stylish and sporty looking EA-CC3UWB2N case in a chic white & brown PU colourway. Retro-styled and perfectly scaled for the Samsung WB250F Smart Camera, this lightweight camera case is ideal for carrying and storage without sacrificing on style. Make sure your WB250F is in the very best condition at all times by using the Samsung EA-CC3UWB2N Smart Camera WB250F Sporty Pouch in White & Brown.
The Samsung UE-32F5500 Smart 32" LED TV encompasses the latest television technology, teaming amazing picture and sound with a plethora of incredible Smart features from Samsung to make your daily TV watching more interactive and more of a pleasure. Smart Samsung TV features With built-in Wi-Fi, you can easily access all your Smart TV content without using wires - just switch on, connect to your home wireless network and have a ball.This next-generation TV boasts progressive functions that begin with the new S-Recommendation technology. This intelligent feature suggests what's new to watch based on what you like, intelligently learning your preferences and instantly searching Live TV, video on demand services and apps to recommend TV and on line content tailored to you. Always know what's on without needing to look for it. Manage your content with Samsung's Smart Hub, which cleverly organises all your content into five easily navigable panels - On TV; Movies & TV Shows; Photos, Videos & Music; Social and Apps. Using vibrant thumbnails, this intuitive interface provides immediate previews to help you pick what you want quickly and easily. The UE-32F5500 is the only Smart TV with the full set of catch-up services: ITV, BBC iPlayer, 4OD and Demand 5*. Be sure never to miss your favourite drama, comedy, documentary, sporting event or radio programmes again. Facilitating all this amazing new technology, Samsung's Dual Core processor supports cleaner multitasking, faster internet connections and of course gives finer picture quality. Enjoy a TV programme whilst downloading an app, or use one app while downloading app updates. Surf the net quickly and efficiently with the comfort of a larger screen. Perfect picture and sound This Samsung's UE-32F-5500 32" Smart LED TV boasts a Full HD 1080p displays for picture quality that's crisply defined and stunningly life-like for a truly immersive TV experience. A Hyper Real Engine optimises picture quality for all kinds of content, delivering incredible images whether you're watching TV, playing DVDs and Blu-ray discs, or surfing the web. In terms of audio, the set features Dolby Digital Plus / Pulse, DTS Studio Sound and DTS Premium Audio 5.1 to deliver stunning rich, full and clear sound that will take your every viewing from good to amazing. If you haven't got goosebumps, it's not doing its job! Freeview HD makes everything alright The U-E32F5-500 Full HD 32" LED TV is equipped with a Freeview HD tuner, so that you can enjoy a smorgasbord of amazing entertainment straight out of the box. Freeview is a free-to-air digital service offering loads of choice with free access to over 50 standard definition TV channels and 4 HD channels (including ITV HD, BBC One HD, BBC HD and 4 HD) - there's always something to watch! Amazing screen functions Not only does it pack in great Smart features, but the Samsung UE32F5500 32" TV gives you innovative screen functions to make everything easier and more accessible. With Smart View your Samsung compatible smartphone or tablet becomes a second TV screen via your home network. Take your favourite programme with you on your smartphone or tablet using the Smart View app if you have to leave the room thanks to the unparalleled freedom and flexibility of a mobile auxiliary screen. Screen Mirroring (via Allshare Cast) enables you wirelessly share content on your smart phone and tablet with your Samsung Smart TV. Surf the internet, watch videos or play games on a much bigger screen. With Allshare you can enjoy better connectivity, streaming and sharing music, photos, movies and multimedia right on your TV. Access a range of nearby DLNA Samsung compatible mobile devices. You can also access all the TV apps you'll ever need via the Samsung App Store. Using the Apps panel, you can rapidly and easily download apps including VOD, games, lifestyle, kids plus more - specially designed for your Samsung Smart TV. Loads of connections in a slim frame With three HDMI connect
For amazing, revolutionary mobile phone technology look no further than the Samsung Galaxy S3 . Desirable design The Galaxy S3 looks incredible with a stunning 4.8" touch screen, brimming with bright colour and stunningly detailed visuals. This mobile phone is supremely light without feeling flimsy, and the white casing adds to the look, giving your phone that glimmering aesthetic that compliments the curvaceous design. Inspiring operation The Samsung Galaxy S3 is powerful thanks a quad-core processor, meaning that operations are speedy and responsive whether you are swiping the screen or pressing buttons. With 16 GB of internal memory there is plenty of space to store music, videos, apps and documents without any difficultly. However, if 16 GB is not enough then there is always the option of utilising the microSD port for further memory. The Samsung S3 is operated through Android Ice Cream Sandwich, giving you a plethora of customisable options when it comes to the way you use your phone. Adjust notifications, view the task manager, keep tabs on your battery life and stay on top of your apps. Sync all your social networking contacts and information with your contact list too, allowing you to keep in touch effortlessly. You can even talk to your phone with the Samsung S-voice recognition, saving you from pressing buttons on your S3 . Effortless communication The Galaxy S-3 mobile phone is sim-free enabling you to go with whichever mobile operator you desire. The Galaxy relies on the HD screen and quad-core processor to deliver a stunning internet experience, adapting to full web pages for crystal clear browsing. Watch as web pages adjust to fit all the relevant text on the screen so you can view everything you need to without frustration. App-y days There are a number of apps available to download from the Google Play store, allowing you to surf the Android market for apps, books, games and films, accessorising your phone to impressive levels. There are of course plenty of free apps too - browse and see how you can revolutionise your smartphone, you might be surprised! Media excellence There is so much you can do with the Samsung S3 Galaxy it's hard to know where to begin. The 8 MP camera provides stunning shots, offering astonishing images in comparison to a regular smartphone. Adjust light focus, change the way you shoot photos through features such as burst mode and panorama mode and alter the flash. You can record videos too with resolutions available up to Full HD for stylish shooting. Edit any important aspects such as white balance and anti-shake to give your videos the desired edge. There is also an FM radio available, allowing you to connect and listen to your favourite radio stations. What's more is that you can record these stations, capturing audio off them and listening back to your favourite bits. There are a whole host of ways to enjoy your multimedia with the included Samsung Music Player and Samsung Video, as well as the previously mentioned apps. The voice recorder is impressive too, recording everything you want to capture without any irritating muffling noises. Reach your destination Thanks to the screen quality, Google Maps are easy to views and work as a precise direction aid. The GPS satellites relay information quickly and the voice commands are easy to follow. With all this and so much more, the revolutionary and spectacular Samsung Galaxy S3 makes a fine choice.Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
The glossy black Samsung RSH7UNBP American-Style Fridge Freezer has a stunning design with advanced cooling technology that will bring style and efficiency to your kitchen. Conveniently cool This large side-by-side fridge freezer has a generous 361-litre fridge capacity and a 197-litre freezer capacity so there is ample storage space for your food. Five adjustable safety glass shelves allow for easy storing and organising, with two salad crispers, an egg tray and wine rack for added convenience. The interior is equipped with LED tower lighting that shines into every corner so you'll never have a problem finding your food. Freshly modern The RSH-7UNBP fridge freezer is built with multi Air-flow cooling technology that cools your contents evenly to maintain freshness. The twin cooling+ technology maintains humidity up to 75% for even more freshness. The anti bacterial seals keep your contents hygienic and add longevity to the appliance. Super chilled The American-Style Fridge Freezer is completely frost-free so you will never have to worry about manually defrosting again. The SuperCool and SuperFreeze function are a great way to rapidly cool your food after that long trip back from the supermarket. The 4-star freezer also has eight different compartments for storing your frozen goods. You can even enjoy a cool drink with ice on a hot summer's day thanks to the built-in water and ice dispenser. The stunning Samsung RSH7UNBP American-Style Fridge Freezer has an A+ energy efficiency performance, saving your energy and money.
Enhance your music collection with the Samsung Wireless DA-E650 Speaker Dock. Dual docking Access music on Android phones, such as the Galaxy S2, as well as the iPhone, iPod or iPad! Enjoy the benefits of docking a multitude of smart devices instead of having to purchase different docks for different systems. USB direct play gives you added audio options. Amplify Crank up the volume and experience high quality sound from 2 x 10 watt speakers with a built in subwoofer. Wireless music streaming The Samsung DA-E650 incorporates wireless Bluetooth 3.0 and apt-X codec for optimum music streaming and pumping sound. Connect your device via Bluetooth and enjoy your tunes without wires. Music to the ears and eyes With a unique horn shaped design the Samsung Wireless DA-E650 makes an eye-catching addition to your home. Its chic and sophisticated look also serves a functional purpose and helps to produce an enhanced sound experience. Enjoy your favourite tracks with the Samsung Wireless DA-E650 Speaker Dock .
Highly economical, multifunctional and award winning, the Samsung Xpress M2070W Wireless All-in-One Laser Printer brings versatile printing to the home or office environment. Smart printing Print documents, emails and web pages straight from your tablet or smartphone device using the Samsung Mobile Print app. The printer wirelessly connects to your device and introduces a new and more convenient way of printing. With advanced NFC technology, Wi-Fi Direct and Google Cloud Print, the Samsung Xpress offers powerful wireless compatibility. Multifunctional printing With print, scan and copy capabilities, the M2070W streamlines your work load and meets all your home and office printing needs. Take on print tasks with complete flexibility and get more from your printer with functions like ID Copy, N-up copy and Scan-to-email. Trouble-free operation Print with intuitive and clear control, the Samsung printer is designed to save you time and effort. A one-touch Eco button helps to save costs, one push of the button will save toner, paper and energy. You can even combine multiple prints on to one page, skip blank pages and adjust the colour to grey scale. Equipped with a 600 MHz processor and 128 MB memory, the all-in-one delivers fast printing of up to 20 sheets per minute. Quality print outs With a 1200 x 1200 dpi quality, text and image prints are sharp, smooth and detailed. Samsung's Rendering Engine for Clean Page technology ensures high-quality print results every time. Economical printing You can save up to 20% of print toner through the Easy Eco Driver, this software allows you the option of removing unneeded text and images. The compact and stylish design makes it easy for you to place the printer in your work environment. Easy Solution Support The printer also comes with software support designed to put you in control of achieving quality printouts with more ease. Enjoy fast, efficient and wire-free printing from the Samsung Xpress M2070W Wireless All-in-One Laser Printer .Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
The 8 GB white Samsung I9200 Galaxy Mega is a bigger and better smartphone for more fun and more productive daily communication. Live your life to the full With such an expansive yet totally portable phone at your disposal, you can't help but make the most of your time. It's SIM-free, fitting your hand comfortably whilst offering impressive tablet-like functionality. The Galaxy Mega White is packed with smart services and outstanding connectivity options that enable you to do more on the move. It's simply a bigger mobile experience. Running on the Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean operating system bolstered by 1.5 GHz of RAM, it allows you to flip, swipe and switch between apps with the greatest of ease. Multitask seamlessly and get more work done or stay entertained the way you like, watching videos, listening to music or browsing the internet as you please. Store all your essential images, information and other files with 8 GB of internal memory, expandable via micro SD card. A larger smartphone screen Large-scale portability is a hallmark of the I-9200 Galaxy Mega , its majestic 6.3" Super AMOLED touchscreen beautifully displaying your content in vivid colour and sharp definition. This mega-sized mobile screen is the perfect tool for viewing and capturing photos and videos without sacrificing portability or its call-making capabilities. With Mega UI installed, you'll be able to take full advantage of this large display, enjoying facilities such as split view, multi-window and multitasking with Dual View. It's a smartphone that lets you see more of your mobile world. Explore multi-window apps such as Contact, S memo, Polaris Office,Youtube, Maps, Gallery, Browser, Chrome, Email, Gmail. Facebook, Message, ChatON, Gtalk and Kakaotalk. Staying connected is more fun and convenient than ever You'll always be in touch and informed with the inclusion of WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS and 4G facilities. Whether you're looking for information, sharing content or just chatting, this phone does it all. The Samsung I920-0 Galaxy Mega is super-useful on almost any occasions with its huge range of smart functions and services. If you're travelling somewhere new, you'll get geographic information for restaurant and sightseeing recommendations. Other important services include translation for easier international communication, and voice commands for safer, more convenient use while driving. Samsung's 16 GB Galaxy Mega keeps you interacting with friends, interest groups and more - whether you're sharing content over Wi-Fi, seeing what's on TV (Samsung WatchON) or instant messaging on ChatON. Your mobile reach will be wider and more powerful than ever. The phone with a cooler camera and entertainment features Equipped with a 1.9 megapixel front camera and an 8 megapixel rear camera, the Samsung I-920-0 Galaxy Mega Phone also gives you various camera modes for fun picture taking. Shoot memorable photographs or Full HD 1080p videos at 30 fps, preserving your memories as dynamic stills or high-quality action sequences to enjoy time and again. Store and listen to your favourite songs wherever you like thanks to the built-in MP3 player feature and integrated speakers. A range of fantastic apps is included to instantly broaden your mobile horizons -get to grips with Google Search, Google Maps, Gmail, Google Latitude, Google Play Store, Google Plus, YouTube, Google Talk, Google Places, Google Navigation, Google Downloads and Voice Search, among others. Longer mobile battery life The white Samsung I92-00 Galaxy Mega houses a 3,200 mAh Lithium-ion battery to give you loads of talk time and mobile phone usage. Capable of up to 420 hours' standby time and 10 hours' talk time, it's the ideal solution for the busy businessperson or constantly moving socialite. Stylish, practical and powerful, you'll get more out of each day with the 8 GB white Samsung I9200 Galaxy Mega .Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the ite
The Samsung 250 GB 840 Evo 2.5" Internal SSD is the ideal way to update your computer to perform faster and better, every day. SSD is the smartest choice Representing an advancement over standard hard drives (HDD), SSDs don't use moving parts, so they can read and write faster, use less power and are almost silent. Not only will the Samsung 840 Evo SSD ramp up your PC's performance and reliability, it will make using your computer a more pleasant experience. You'll love the new level of excitement offered by Samsung's TurboWrite technology, which delivers much faster sequential write speeds compared to the previous 840 model. This doubles the speed from 250 to 520 MB/s in this 250 GB drive. An innovative write acceleration algorithm and high performance write buffer give you accelerated speeds and more PC satisfaction. Watch your computer evolve This Samsung SSD lets your machine carry out commands incredibly quickly, leaving more time for you to do other things. Enhanced sequential and random read and write times speed up every task, while Samsung's new 3-bit MLC NAND flash memory provides more efficient data storage, increasing both speed and reliability. Whether you're carrying out heavy video editing or a simple virus scan, the 840 Evo Drive runs everything smoothly and quickly. Its multitasking abilities are exceptional, as it runs almost three times faster than an HDD. Advanced hard drive technology The inclusion of Samsung's TurboWrite technology significantly increases the 250 GB 840 Evo Internal SSD 's sequential write rate. Its random read rate for light workloads (QD1) is an industry-leading 10,000 Input/Output Operations Per Second (IOPS). The RAPID cache function in the included Samsung Magician software can be switched on to use the PC's free DRAM as a cache, further improving system performance. This combination of proprietary SSD hardware delivers superior lag-free performance that spells the end for waiting around for your computer. Hard-wearing hardware Robustly designed to withstand shocks, vibrations and high temperatures, the 840 Evo 2.5" SSD offers an impressively long lifespan and low failure rate, complemented by a three-year Samsung warranty. High-grade components, including best-quality Samsung NAND flash memory chips, ensure top performance and superb longevity potential for even the most demanding memory applications. Advanced new firmware optimises components interaction for best performance and consistency. Advanced Signal Processing helps to automatically correct errors for increased peace of mind about data stability. Samsung Self-Monitoring Analysis & Reporting Technology (SMART) lets you track the SSD's health status, warning you of any unanticipated errors before they happen. The disc's temperature is monitored by a Dynamic Thermal Guard Algorithm in the firmware, preventing overheating. This algorithm controls the SSD's power supply to keep it cool whilst making your PC lighter and more energy-efficient, for enhance portability. Trustworthy and tough, the high-performance Samsung 250 GB 840 Evo 2.5" Internal SSD features a stunning brushed metal construction, slim design and the facility to upgrade easily and quickly.
Take incredible photographs and share them online instantly with the Samsung WB-250F Smart WiFi Advanced Compact Digital Camera in white, packed with great imaging features. The perfect shots from far and wide With 18x optical zoom and a 24mm wide-angle lens, this great Samsung compact camera will give you great shots close to or at a distance from your subject. Shoot all manner of spectacular scenes with a camera that can handle sweeping panoramas. Capture beautifully sharp, colourful portraits or subject details from a distance. The 14.2MP BSI CMOS sensor requires less light than ordinary sensors, enabling you to take well-exposed shots in low-light, whether you're at a sunset party, dimly-lit club or a meal by candlelight. The Low Light Shot setting automatically chooses the best setting, merging three continuous shots into one perfectly exposed, clear photo. Smart by name, smart by nature The Samsung WB-250F Smart WiFi Camera offers a SmartMode button to access a range of special modes for dynamic professional-looking shots. Freeze high-speed scenes with ActionFreeze, or capture perfect light trails at night. Rich Tone generates popping, expressive colours for an artistic effect, and the myriad other settings are perfect for almost any scenario. Using Best Face you can travel back in time to replace awkward faces with the perfect moment. Open eyes, replace smiles or give someone the perfect expression for the situation. The camera combines a lightning fast burst of shots with face recognition, enabling a tap-to-replace feature to magically change facial expressions. Motion Photo mode freezes the action around a moving subject - shoot the scene, then rub where you want to retain movement for easy yet compelling and creative action. Video helped the camera star The Samsung W-B250F Smart Camera can also capture 1920 x 1080p Full HD videos at 30fps. Enjoy lifelike colour and astonishingly sharp detail as you shoot longer videos using the H.264 format, and then watch your HD footage large as life on your HDTV! Full manual jacket Take full creative control, using Aperture Priority and Shutter Priority settings to experiment with shutter speeds and depth of field for dynamic effects - capture exactly the photos you want. Smile, you're online! The W-B250F offers a world of connectivity, its DirectLink hot key enabling WiFi, and intelligent internet features delivering the ultimate shoot-and-share package. Use MobileLink, Social Sharing & Email and Family Story to share moments and memories on the go. The Remote Viewfinder, AllShare Play, the Samsung Smart Camera App and more enable easy inter-device connection. Use your compatible smartphone as a viewfinder, previewing shots, adjusting camera settings or zooming in and out - completely wirelessly. Send photos to your smartphone to add GPS tags, or send images and albums directly to an Android device, iPhone or tablet. Back up every picture you take to a Cloud space, with ever-expandable storage and easy remote access. Use Smart Camera to open all three of the camera's web apps simultaneously with one touch. Share your moments on your blog, Facebook, Picasa or YouTube pages - plus on many other social networks. You can even wirelessly transfer photos and videos to your PC or Mac using AutoBackup, and automatic firmware upgrades are on hand too. Stylish touch-based design The W-B2-50F Digital Camera offers a Hybrid Touch User Interface with both a five-way button and touch screen facility, enabling you to intuitively navigate menus, make selections and input data on the 3" hVGA screen - very much like a smartphone. Its quietly beautiful design revisit classic professional camera shapes, with a slim chassis, modern design sensibilities and notes of timeless elegance - right down to its controls and impressive wide-angle lens. Top-class personal photography and online sharing has never been as easy and fun as with the Samsung WB-250F Smart WiFi Advanced Compact Digital Camera in white
The 8 GB white Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini smartphone will become a handy life companion for you, just like its larger S4 counterpart. From its elegant design to high-quality graphics and powerful processing, it's an impressive mobile phone. Unleash the possibilities with superior phone performance Whatever the situation, the Galaxy S4 Mini is ready to help. Thanks to its Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean operating platform with a 1.7 GHz dual-core processor and 1.5 GB of RAM, the phone is able to multitask easily and quickly. The ultra-fast processor and ample memory help drive the integrated high-resolution camera system and the range of connection options to help you face any daily challenge and take advantage of special moments in your life. A more portable Galaxy The white Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini has been designed in a compact shape that's slim enough to fit into your pocket and take wherever you go. Sleek and stylish, it doesn't compromise on power and quality. Enjoy superb internet browsing, photo viewing and video watching on its 4.3" qHD sAMOLED touchscreen. Swipe, tap and flip between apps and perspectives, enjoying effortless usability for all applications. The downsized yet ergonomic new design also gives you a better grip, so you can talk, browse, photograph and more with easy confidence. View, snap, listen The mini Galaxy S4 is fitted with a 1.9-megapixel front camera and an 8 megapixel rear camera for outstanding photo and video capture and clear, easy web chats. The BSI CMOS sensor helps you freeze moments in captivating stills or shoot exciting events in full, which you can watch back in HD resolution for total enjoyment. Store your favourite songs and albums directly on the phone to enjoy at any time in high quality with the MP3 player facility and integrated speakers. Complete connectivity in the palm of your hand Equipped to meet a variety of connectivity standards for enhanced productivity, fun and communication, the Samsung S4 Mini offers WiFi for speedy internet connections in wireless hotspots, and Bluetooth for straightforward file and information sharing with compatible devices. It also has a GPS facility, ideal for positioning yourself when you're in unfamiliar surroundings, and for better phone security. Additionally, a range of extra functions further expands your daily mobile life. Even with no Wi-Fi or network connection, you can still connect with other people via Group Play. It brings people together and offers a variety of sharing options including combining handsets as a speaker system, building a photo collage, playing a group game and more. Lifestyle-oriented apps The Samsung S-4 Galaxy Mini even lets you do more for your wellbeing - S Health monitors your health and helps you get in shape. Download the app from Samsung Apps to start keeping track of your progress, checking your calorie balance with the food tracker or watching your exercise development using the optional S Band. It's almost like having a highly informative personal trainer. S Travel is an app that acts an intelligent pocket tour guide. Get travel recommendations, tourist guides, geographic information, local attractions, good restaurants and the best sights. With integrated native applications, various smart functions and services are seamlessly delivered, enriching your life by acting like a miniature personal assistant. Essential mobile apps and remote storage Make the most of Google Search, Google Maps, Gmail, Google Messenger, Google Play Store, Google Plus, YouTube, Google Talk, Google Local, Google Navigation, Voice Search and Chrome - all included on your Galaxy S4 Mini white. HomeSync and Samsung Link are great features of the 8 GB Galaxy S4 Mini . Remotely store and share your photos, videos and other files without worrying about capacity, security and data loss Use Samsung Link to create a direct connection between Samsung devices, sharing content with friends and family more freely and easily. Chat for longer Thanks to its 1,
Staying in and watching TV just got even better thanks to the stunning Samsung UE50F6400 Smart 3D 50" LED TV . Featuring voice interaction, immersive 3D entertainment and a full catch-up service, this TV will provide entertainment for the whole family. A world of entertainment The Samsung 50F6400 provides you with all the entertainment you could need, with a range of apps, social networking, catch-up TV, browsing and much more. Simply connect your TV to the internet using the built-in WiFi connection and open a new world of content. The only smart TV with a full suite of catch-up services, this Samsung TV offers BBC iPlayer, ITV, 4OD and Demand 5*, so you can enjoy all your favourite programmes at the touch of a button. Whether you like to watch sports, documentaries, drama, comedy or even your favourite radio programme, you can enjoy them with ease. The app store is home to a range of apps for you to download, including KnowHow movies which provides you with movies on demand. Browse the web at your leisure with the built-in web browser, and why not keep in touch with your friends using the Twitter and Facebook applications. You can even use Skype on your TV when you connect a webcam using the adaptor. Learning from you The UE55F-6400 is so smart that it can even suggest what to watch based on the programmes you currently watch using the S Recommendation technology. It intelligently learns your preferences as you watch, and searches through content tailored to your preferences, including Live TV, on demand services and apps. It's easy to see what to watch thanks to Samsung's Smart Hub, organising and managing your content using 5 easy to navigate panels. With thumbnails to preview what's on and help you select what you want, you're never far away from viewing happiness. The power of a word Using voice interaction technology, the UE50F6400 can interact with you in a whole new way. You can talk to your TV using your remote, using it to turn your TV on and off, change channels and volume and even combine it with the S Recommendation technology. All you need to do is ask the TV to find you something to watch, and using your preferences it will search through content to find you something based on what you like. Even more entertainment The UE-50-F6400 has a Freeview HD tuner built-in, so you can enjoy a range of HD channels without paying a penny in subscription fees. Using the HDMI connections you can connect other HD devices such as games consoles for high definition gaming. 3D viewing in your home You can enjoy a range of 3D entertainment thanks to the UE50-F6400 . With 2 pairs of 3D glasses included, the active 3D technology brings you immersive Full HD viewing. Whether you enjoy 3D channels on your set top box or connect a 3D Blu-ray player using one of the HDMI connections, you can enjoy cinematic viewing in the comfort of your home. You can expect cinematic sound quality with Dolby Digital technology, whilst the 3D HyperReal Engine brings your viewing to life. Don't forget your HDMI cables You can connect your HD devices to your TV using one of our range of HDMI cables, providing a perfect picture with improved transfer speeds. Look out for the Sandstrom Silver Series HDMI cables with their lifetime warranty. The Samsung UE50F6400 Smart 3D 50" LED TV is even good news for the environment thanks to the A+ energy efficiency rating and energy saving features such as the eco sensor and auto power off. *Catch up TV services available May 2013Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
Bring together everything in your life on the move with the incredible Samsung Galaxy S4 smartphone in black, making things richer, simpler and a whole lot more fun. Redefining how you live A host of innovative features await you in a beautifully slim phone casing, a powerful and portable device that will unite everything that's important in your life. Geared towards a life filled with more meaningful relationships, the S-4 helps make communication effortless and stress-free - there's even a well-being app! Enjoy an incredible combination of imaging, internet, communication and music features, interacting in exciting new ways. Fun features Use your Galaxy S4 to capture all the action as it unfolds. The smartphone lets you interact with images for more vivid memories, from talking picture to multiple exposures, creative edits and versatile sharing. The phone offers two cameras to capture a single amazing image, including a 13 megapixel rear camera. Functions like Dual Shot let friends and family can share your experiences wherever they are, while audio recording makes your photos more vivid as you relive exactly what was said, played and heard. Capture a photo sequence in one frame as Drama Shot lets you tell the story of a scene, compiling detailed images of moving subjects into one dynamic picture. Communication features Epitomising connecting and togetherness, the Samsung S4 Smartphone lets you share screens with friends, sharing each other's music, files and games. Enjoy fun features such as background change and funny masks for a new kind of chat experience. Use S Translator to say or text information into the phone for text translations - perfect for travel abroad. Group Play and Share Music let you wirelessly connect multiple Galaxy S4 phones to share music with friends, creating a powerful sound system with improved sound - or play games and share images and documents. It's all possible without needing a WiFi AP or cellular signal. The phone can also organise your photos into albums based on events or in customised formats with unique themes and layouts. Print images to physically hold images, or use Story Album to curate content like SNS posts, memos, location and weather information (in tandem with photos and videos) into totally personalised albums that mirror your life. Lifestyle features The Samsung Galaxy S4 Smartphone allows you to browse and shop any content from every Samsung Hub, all in one place. Access videos, games, music and educational items in one integrated store, featuring a stylish and intuitive magazine layout. Use the unique S-Health software to state updated on your health and wellbeing information via a range of accessories. It uses sensors to automatically and analytically monitor your health, surroundings and more, enabling you to actively and intelligent improve your quality of life. Use the food diary, exercise diary and sleep monitor to keep an eye on your health conditions to stay fitter and healthier. Samsung Adapt Display gives you an optimised viewing experienced tailored to each applications, teaming with Samsung Adapt Sound for optimal sound levels and characteristics so you can enjoy a healthier personal mobile life. Technological features The Samsung S4 Galaxy Mobile Phone boasts a pioneering 5" Full HD Super AMOLED display that shows images and graphics at their best. With a 441ppi resolution, it provides visuals that are second to none, with Gorilla Glass 3 lending exceptional durability and reliability. Innovative features abound - Samsung Smart Pause enables you to control the screen with your eyes, while Air View lets you hover your fingers to preview the contents of emails, S-Planner entry, image gallery or video without needing to open it. Air Gesture facilitates music track changing, page scrolling or call acceptance with a simple wave of your hand. S Voice Drive enables you to vocally activate commands for optimisation while you're driving. When you're connected with a car Bl
Keep your home free from dust and dirt by using the powerful and effective Samsung VC20F70HDER F700G Sensor Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner . Cyclonic cleaning Utilising 2000 watts of power, the F700G uses CycloneForce technology to deliver superb and constant suction throughout the course of your clean. Dust and debris are separated, via centrifugal force, from clean air and sieved away into the collection chamber. By only expelling clean air through the HEPA 13 filter, it remains clean and unclogged for longer meaning you get superior performance every time. Suitable for all floor types, the F700G has a telescopic tube and 12 m operating circle, meaning it's easy to reach all around you. Supplied with a Silencio force brush, mini turbo brush and furniture guard, you'll have all the tools you need to keep your floors and carpets clean. A dust sensor function is particularly clever and helps to ensure a comprehensive clean, by signalling via red and green lighting to let you know when the section of floor you're are working on is clear of debris. Convenient cleaning The design of the F700G lets you steer it around your house with ease, while conveniently placed buttons on the handle of the hose let you keep control of the vacuum cleaner with minimal effort. A 9 m cable provides plenty of slack for getting around even the largest of rooms and when you've finished a cord-rewind system saves time and lets you get the F700G ready to pack away in seconds. Designed to keep your home clean and clear from dust and dirt, the Samsung VC20F70HDER F700G Sensor Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner is a valuable addition to any house-cleaning arsenal.
The Samsung SH-S222BB/RSMS Internal SATA DVD Writer is perfect for recording your important files on disc. Write your memories The Samsung DVD writer delivers write speeds up to 22x. You can record your data in super speeds so you don't have to wait too long! The internal driver performs with low heat and low power consumption and thanks to the aerodynamic frame design the drive reduces acoustic noise levels, so you can write discs without disc noises! The SH-S222BB writer also comes with additional bezels to match your PC tower. The Samsung SH-S222BB/RSMS Internal SATA DVD Writer delivers an outstanding performance at an outstanding price.
Keep your home smart and clean when you use the Samsung VC21F50HUEB F500G Pet Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner in a smart Vitality Blue finish. With CycloneForce technology, you can keep vacuuming without the worry of losing suction power, and this vacuum cleaner is specially designed to deal with stubborn pet hair in your home. Powerful cleaning Boasting a 2100 W motor, the F500G Pet Vacuum Cleaner provides powerful suction that's effective on any surface you wish to clean, making it ideal for use all around the house. It weighs only 5.5 kg, making it simple to transport up and down stairs or to any room you need to use it in. Feel the force The F500G includes CycloneForce technology, which maximises suction. The centrifugal force separates dirt and other material from the inner chamber into an outer chamber, helping to keep the vacuum cleaner performing to its full potential and the HEPA 13 filter clean. This means that dust-free air is expelled from the cleaner, which is good news for allergy sufferers, and as the filter is kept cleaner, it keeps the suction at a powerful 450 aW. Easy emptying The F500-G collects dirt and debris in the Easy Dustbin thanks to its bagless design. The bagless design means that you don't have to spend money on replacement bags and makes it kinder to the environment. Simply detach the two-litre dustbin to empty it. Exceptional accessories The F500G Pet Cylinder Vacuum Cleaner comes with a range of handy accessories. These include the Silencio Force Brush and the Mini Turbo brush for powerful cleaning of areas with ground-in dirt. This vacuum cleaner includes the Power Pet brush which helps to deal with pet hair in your home. Don't put up with dirty floors; banish dust when you bring home the Samsung VC21F50HUEB F500G Pet Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner .
The Samsung SL-M2022W/XEU Wireless Monochrome Laser Printer brings sharp print quality and effortless flexibility to your printing life. Get in touch with your smart devices You'll love the easy wireless sharing and printing with this Samsung laser printer. Team your smartphone or tablet with the SLM20-22W/XEU via a simple tap thanks to the inclusion of advanced NFC technology, WiFi Direct, Google Cloud Print. Similarly, these great technologies enable you to print straight from your Chromebook, PC and other web-connected devices. The printer is powerfully compatible, so you're assured of direct and convenient printing of almost any content. Easy use and ergonomic design You'll find it simple and intuitive to operate the Samsung M2022W Wireless Printer , saving you precious time and effort. The one-touch WPS button allows you to connect rapidly and securely with your wireless network thanks to WiFi Protected Setup. With its compact, tasteful ice grey and ebony brown design, the printer both beautifully offsets your desktop and doesn't take up unnecessary space. At just 332 x 215 mm, it's one of Samsung's smallest laser printers. Fast, high-quality printing The Samsung SLM2022-W/XEU Wireless Mono Printer helps you maintain a good workflow - fitted with a 600 MHz processor and 128 MB of memory, it's able to print up to 20 pages per minute. Offering a 1200 x 1200 dpi print resolution, the printer varies dot size and position on the page, allowing you to print in greater detail for smoother, sharper images. Samsung's proprietary Rendering Engine for Clean Page (ReCP) technology helps to raise overall print quality. Economical printing with top support Thanks to Samsung's Easy Eco Driver (which received the 2012 Outstanding Achievement in Innovation Award from Buyers Laboratory (BLI), the SLM-202-2W/XEU Mono Laser Printer helps you save up to 20% on printer toner. It also helps cut down on paper and energy consumption by giving you the choice of removing unnecessary text and images, converting them from bitmap to sketches. The printer includes software support that's made to put you in control of pulling off quality printouts more easily. An Easy Printer Manager gives you remote control over printer settings and easy status monitoring. Print with confidence and newfound ease when you use the Samsung SL-M2022W/XEU Wireless Monochrome Laser Printer .Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
Access content from almost any source with the stunningly designed Samsung DA-E550 Wireless Speaker Dock . Double docking and other connections The DAE550 provides a variety of audio options that let you enjoy music from almost any source you like. There is no need to have separate systems as the dock is suitable for both Apple and Samsung devices. Whether you want to dock your Apple iPad or your Samsung Galaxy S2, you'll be able to enjoy your music in an instant. This system boasts a Bluetooth connection that makes it simple to connect other compatible Bluetooth devices to wirelessly stream your music. The sound retains its original quality thanks to the apt-X codec, so you choose how you want to hook up, then sit back and enjoy. The USB connection lets you connect USB devices such as USB memory sticks, letting you enjoy entertainment in MP3, WAV and WMA formats. If your device doesn't feature any of these options, you can always connect it using the Aux input, with a 3.5 mm plug. Delightful design The horn-shaped design not only looks fantastic, but also helps to provide superior audio distribution, so you can enjoy fantastic entertainment no matter where you are in the room. The DAE-550 has a streamlined look and a hidden dock, making it the perfect option for any home. You're spoilt for choice when you use the great-looking and great-sounding Samsung DA-E550 Wireless Speaker Dock .
Keep your home smart and clean when you use the Samsung VC21F50HDER F500G Sensor Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner in a smart Vitality Red finish. With CycloneForce technology, you can keep vacuuming without the worry of losing suction power. Powerful cleaning Boasting a 2100 W motor, the F500G Sensor Vacuum Cleaner provides powerful suction that's effective on any surface you wish to clean, making it ideal for use all around the house. It weighs only 5.5 kg, making it simple to transport up and down stairs or to any room you need to use it in. An included pick-up brush helps to lift dirt from your carpet or hard floor for great results. Feel the force The F500G includes CycloneForce technology, which maximises suction. The centrifugal force separates dirt and other material from the inner chamber into an outer chamber, helping to keep the vacuum cleaner performing to its full potential and the HEPA 13 filter clean. This means that dust-free air is expelled from the cleaner, which is good news for allergy sufferers, and as the filter is kept cleaner, it keeps the suction at a powerful 450 aW. Easy emptying The F500-G collects dirt and debris in the Easy Dustbin thanks to its bagless design. The bagless design means that you don't have to spend money on replacement bags and makes it kinder to the environment. Simply detach the two-litre dustbin to empty it. Exceptional accessories The F500G Sensor Cylinder Vacuum Cleaner comes with a range of handy accessories. These include the Silencio Force Brush and the Mini Turbo brush for powerful cleaning of areas with ground-in dirt. Don't put up with dirty floors; banish dust when you bring home the Samsung VC21F50HDER F500G Sensor Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner .
The eye-catching golden brown 16 GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1" WiFi Tablet puts exceptional performance and gorgeous graphics in the palm of your hand. This versatile tablet also comes with a 16 GB microSD card, doubling the storage of the device, and a 24-month manufacturer's guarantee. Light as a feather Supremely light and portable, the 10.1" Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 benefits from a light, slim design that makes it perfect for computing, communicating and entertainment on the move. Slip it into a bag, backpack or briefcase to carry wherever you like, whipping it out to read, browse, listen or watch on the train, a park bench or while waiting - it's made to be as usable as possible with a large, clear screen and beautifully slim bezel. Remarkable tablet processing and hardware You're assured of fast, muscular tablet performance thanks to the inclusion of a 1.6 GHz Dual Core processor with a 1 GB of RAM and a spacious 16 GB hard drive. Stunning high-resolution graphics move with impressive fluidity on the 10.1" display with WXGA high resolution, exhibiting outstanding colour and contrast levels. With Reading Mode, display quality is enhanced so you can better enjoy reading on the go. Connect a pair of headphones via the 3.5 mm headphone jack to enjoy outstanding sound quality that will enhance all your audio visual apps. Enjoy seamless multitasking as you switch between internet, music, video and game apps with effortless gestures on the 10.1" multitouch screen. The Galaxy 3 Tablet a truly cohesive tablet experience. The device is also equipped with 3.2 MP and 1.3 MP cameras to take great hi-res photos and videos while you're out and about, or conduct video calls with satisfying brightness and clarity. Android OS drives this Galaxy tab The Galaxy Tab 3 10.1" Tablet runs on the Google Android 4.2 (Jelly Bean) operating system, an exciting and intuitive interface that makes for a smoother, more natural experience as you navigate your tablet's multiple facilities. Download a large and exciting range of apps from the Google Play store to really make the most of your tablet. A Galaxy of connections The Samsung Galaxy 3 16 GB Tablet uses WiFi channel bonding to connect to easily and rapidly wireless broadband networks wherever you are. Check your email, surf favourite sites or perhaps get some online shopping done wherever there's an available network. A-GPS+GLONASS keeps track of your positioning for a globally intelligent device. Enjoy total multimedia on the go as you take in rich content from music, game, video and learning hubs. You'll be stimulated, entertained and educated no matter where you are or what time it is. Communication is also fun and easy thanks to multi-person video call facilities through Google+ Hangouts and ChatON. The tablet comes with an included 16 GB microSD card, expanding the tablet's memory and providing any easy way to transfer data to laptops or other devices with microSD slots. Consider mobile broadband If you love to travel or live in an area with poor internet connectivity, mobile broadband is the best way to get online. Mobile broadband gives you a hot spot in your pocket by connecting to the internet via 3G of 4G - similar to the way your smartphone does when you're away from home. Ask one of our knowledgeable colleagues in store for more information about how to get your tablet online when you're out and about. Take portable computing to the next level with the spacious 16 GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1" WiFi Tablet to combine great usability and fantastic features.Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
The Samsung C61R1AAMS Ceramic Hob is a smooth, 4-zone black ceramic hob with a smart stainless steel surround. The hob features sleek electronic touch controls for ease of use. Each cooking zone has 9 temperature stages offering flexibility and control. The Samsung C61R1AAMS Ceramic Hob also has a residual heat indicator, child safety lock and safety cut out for peace of mind in the kitchen.
For stunning and inventive handheld entertainment look no further than the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 GT-P5110 10.1" Tablet . Innovative technology Equipped with a dual-core 1 GHz processor and the Android 4.0 (ice cream sandwich) operating system, the Samsung P5110 Galaxy Tab 2 offers fast operation allowing you to access your apps, the web and media in no time at all. This stunning silver tablet boasts a 10.1" capacitive touchscreen making interaction with your tablet effortless. The touchscreen combines with a high quality resolution display to support all your viewed content. Slim and light, the Samsung Galaxy Tablet 2 is suitable for users of all ages and ideal for transportation, delivering great functionality. Memory & connection capabilities Effortlessly browse the internet through any WiFi hotspot thanks to the inbuilt WiFi 802.11 b/g/n, for enjoyable casual browsing. An 8 GB hard drive will offer suitable space for your app and media storage meaning you will not be scrimping on what you can store. This is aided further by a microSD card slot. Fabulous features If you are out and about then you can snap pictures on one of the two Samsung Galaxy Tab cameras. Not only can you take pictures but you can also film, offering fantastic flexibility. Downloads are made simpler through the S hubs provided, including downloading readers, games, music, video and e-mail for on the spot variety. Blare out music with the inbuilt speakers or keep it to yourself and hook up a pair of headphones for personal enjoyment. You do not even have to fear getting lost as the Samsung 10.1 Tablet contains GPS functionality! Get more out of your tablet A tablet is a truly mobile device. It is designed so you can get the information you need, for work and pleasure, whenever you want it and wherever you are. But only if you are connected! Mobile Broadband is the best way to get online on the go. If you choose a Wifi Tablet you are relying on being within reach of a Wifi hot spot such as an Internet Cafe. This can be expensive, both for the Internet access and the coffee! A Mobile Wifi gives you a hot spot in your pocket; it picks either a 3G or 4G signal wherever you are, at speeds that will amaze. Each mobile Wifi lets you connect up to 5 devices at the same time - great if you are in a group. Also perfect if you are using it at home, as the whole family can connect at the same time. For more information ask in store about how you and your tablet can get online on the go. The Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 GT-P5110 10.1" Tablet will deliver great use through entertainment, practicality, flexibility and quality, offering something for everyone.Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
Use the Samsung EA-CC3DWB3P Smart Camera DV151F Sporty Case - White & Brown to keep your smart camera safe and sound. Stylish and practical Leave your Samsung Smart camera scratch and scuff free with the stylish and sporty looking EA-CC3DWB3P case in a chic white and brown colourway. Retro-styled and perfectly scaled with the Samsung DV151F Smart Camera in mind, you can also store similar sized Samsung smart cameras and stay protected without sacrificing on style. Keep your camera in tip top condition with the Samsung EA-CC3DWB3P Smart Camera DV151F Sporty Case - White & Brown.
Be impressed by the multifunctional DA-E750 Dual Audio Wireless Speaker Dock by Samsung, the ultimate in wireless audio. Superb amplification With the wireless DA-E750 you have not one, but two built-in docking stations, which support the Samsung Galaxy series and all Apple iOS devices. You can wirelessly sync your devices and stream music at lightening speed, getting the most out of your favourite playlists and discovering new music as you go. Airplay, All Share, Bluetooth, all the latest wireless streaming connections will fly with Samsung's DAE-750 . The DA-E750 Dual Audio Dock has 2 incredible speakers that handle a full 20 Watts of power each, and a booming subwoofer that handles a fantastic 60 Watts. Music to your ears Samsung brings to you with the DAE-750 new Vacuum Tube Amplifer technology. This wireless wonder combines a digital amplifier's sharp clarity with the rich and warm sound performance of vacuum tubes for a pure listening experience to please any audiophile . Stylish acoustics With the DAE750 's wooden cabinet design you get excellent acoustics. Finished in a classy rosewood, this speaker dock will add a sharp edge to the room as well as your music. Get in control of your audio with the included remote control and let the Samsung DA-E750 Dual Audio Wireless Speaker Dock showcase your sounds.
Experience instant, easy and constantly updated internet access with the Samsung Series 3 3G & WiFi Chromebook in shiny silver finish. Fast startup Chromebooks are new, faster computers with apps included for all your everyday applications. Designed to use Cloud storage technology, all your files are seamlessly saved and backed up online. One of the key benefits of any Chromebook is that it boots up in 7 seconds, and resumes instantly from sleep mode. This is because the Series 3 3G & WiFi Chromebook doesn't have a conventional hard drive, so all its resources are devoted to running content swiftly and smoothly via internet-based applications. Running an Exynos 5250 processor and with a dedicated web device free of the constraints of a hard drive, you can only expect fast and efficient performance. Fast internet-based performance The Series 3 3G & WiFi Chromebook uses the latest internet technology to load web pages in blazingly fast time, so you can access your email, surf the net and find content that's important to you as soon as possible. There's no more waiting around for your browser window to load - the Chromebook is the browser! Dive right into creating, sharing and enjoying content - edit pictures, rock out to tunes and watch HD videos. You'll also be able to collaborate on documents in real time, and let's not forget the face-to-face chat facilities. Apps-olutely staggering choice With direct access to the Chrome Web Store, you have access to literally thousands of apps to suit any need, want or curiosity you may have. The computer comes with a series of awesome and essential built-in apps to kickstart your web PC experience, and you're sure to have tons of fun finding new ones to customise your device with and make it as exciting as possible. Keeps itself current This Series 3 3G & WiFi Chromebook automatically updates itself and all your apps, so you don't have to think about the usual software and other computer updates. These updates are free as well as automatic, so it's safe to say that your Chromebook will just get better and better. Synchronicity This Samsung Chromebook lets you save your files quickly and simply to Google Drive, so you can carry on with tasks on any of your devices in any place. Your other computers, tablets and smartphones can be synchronised with updates and changes made on one device. All your devices work together seamlessly so you can access and enjoy your content and settings wherever you are. You can even print from the Cloud space or safely share content with friends and family using the superb Chrome features. To tie it all together, there's a solid security facility included. For extremely light, portable and fast internet-based computing, you need the Samsung Series 3 3G & WiFi Chromebook in silver.Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
Bring exciting visuals and excellent audio to any room with the Samsung LT27C350 27" LED TV. Looks great, on or off With a sleek and stylish design, the LT27C350 looks great on display anywhere around your home. Of course, when you turn it on things only get better with the 27" screen able to display your favourite TV shows in stunning Full HD. Hook up to your PC via the SGVA port, or plug in your favourite games consoles and experience some epic gaming - with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 you can be sure you'll never miss a thing. Movie night, every night If movies are more your thing the LT27C350 comes with two HDMI sockets, allowing you to connect up your Blu-ray or DVD player and experience your favourite cinematic moments from the comfort of your own home. It's not just the picture that's impressive - with SRS TheaterSound, you can experience surround sound audio without having to set up any additional speakers. Using clever technology that tricks your mind by adjusting specific sound frequencies and timings, you're free to sit back and marvel as the bullets whizz by your head. Tuned in features Coming with a Freeview tuner and an electronic programme guide built in, it's easy to look for that show you've been waiting to see and if you doze off after a long day it's not a problem - with a sleep timer and eco saving mode the LTC27C350 makes sure you never use more electricity than is necessary. Don't forget your HDMI cables Check out our range of HDMI cables to connect your input devices and to make sure your new TV has a perfect picture with improved transfer speeds. Look out for the Sandstrom Silver Series HDMI cables with their lifetime warranty when bought with any TV. Supplied with a remote control and table top stand, the Samsung LTC27C350 27" LED TV is a superb television suitable for any room in your house.Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
Chic and stylish, the stylish Samsung EA-CC3DWB3W Fashion Pouch WB800F Camera Case - White keeps your smart camera out of harms way. Fashionable protection Lightweight and portable this PU case that is fantastic for storing and transporting your Samsung camera. A heavy duty zip keeps things secure and the discreet white colourway looks cool whatever the weather. Designed to keep the Samsung WB800F Smart Camera protected from scratches and scrapes, you can keep your phone safe without sacrificing on style. Look great and keep your camera safe wtih the chic Samsung EA-CC3DWB3W Fashion Pouch WB800F Camera Case - White.
The Samsung Ativ S is a great SIM free phone with intelligent Windows 8, a super fast Snapdragon processor and an 8 MP camera. Here's the facts The Samsung Ativ S is ultra-fast and fuelled by a powerful 1.5 GHz, dual-core processor, giving you endless power at your fingertips. Connectivity is a high point of the Windows 8 phone, built with Wi-Fi, 3G, DLNA and Bluetooth as well as ports for Micro SD, PC synchronisation and of course, your headphones. Store music too on the Samsung, with a generous memory capacity of 32 GB (16 GB internal memory, 16 GB micro SD card) and access to audio using the built-in MP3 player. Revolutionary Windows 8 The Windows operating system lets you customise your phone to fit your lifestyle, with seamless navigation and lighting-speed performance. Customise the home screen using the tiles and a huge range of functions from the basics such as email, text messages and calling, to some inspiring apps including The Cloud, Xbox Games, Twitter, Whatsapp and hundreds more. Strike a pose With first-class imaging capabilities on the Samsung Ativ S , you can snap photos that look like they've been taken on a digital camera. The device has been equipped with a rear 8 MP camera, with intelligent autofocus and an LED flash, so all you have to do is aim and shoot. There's also a front facing camera for video chatting. If recording video is your thing, record till your heart's content using the Full 1080p HD recording function for footage that is crystal-clear and the best in quality. With a sleek and professional look, The Samsung Ativ S (i8750) 32 GB is an all-encompassing device, great for business and pleasure.Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
Fantastic sound quality, a hidden dual dock and the latest wireless connections: it can only be the Samsung DA-E670 Wireless Speaker Dock , with a stylish design that complements your favourite devices. Wonderfully wireless There are plenty of connection options with the DAE670 , so you can connect your devices quickly and easily. Boasting AirPlay for Apple devices, AllShare for Samsung devices and Bluetooth for a variety of Bluetooth devices, there really is music at your fingertips. The high quality Bluetooth connection means none of your music's quality is lost when you're streaming, so you can stream music to your speakers in the same great quality without the need for wires. Dual docking technology Whether you've got a Samsung Galaxy or Note, or an iPhone, iPad or iPod, you can use them all with the DAE-670 . With an innovative dual docking system you can use various devices with your docking speaker. The hidden dock not only gives this speaker a streamlined design but saves you from having to buy separate docks for your smart devices. Audio with attitude You can enjoy powerful music with the built-in subwoofer, providing great low-end sound reproduction. These premium speakers produce accurate sound with less distortion, so whatever you like to listen to you know it will sound great when you're using the D-AE670 . Samsung audio app With the Samsung audio app, you can get even more out of your speaker dock. Available on Galaxy devices, it provides you with lots of features such as weather and temperature reports, and can even remember where your music has stopped so it can carry on when you dock it again. Make the most of your Galaxy technology with this Samsung app. Get connected in style with the Samsung DA-E670 Wireless Speaker Dock .
This ultra stylish Samsung RFG23UERS American-style Fridge Freezer is crafted with elegance and convenience for supreme food storing. Spacious storage This large fridge freezer is built with thin wall insulation technology allowing more room for food storage. There is a spacious 450 litre fridge capacity and a generous 207 litre capacity for frozen goods. The frost-free refrigerator is equipped with 4 safety glass shelves for easy and flexible food organisation. The 2 salad crispers preserve vitamins and nutrients in your fruit and vegetables. The RFG-23UERS features additional door storage for your drinks, diaries and delicates. There's even a full width CoolSelect pantry drawer, the easy sliding drawer can be set at 3 different temperatures for optimised freshness. Cooling technology The advanced multiflow cooling technology circulates cool air through shelf outlets, evenly cooling throughout and rapidly restoring optimum temperature after the door has been opened. The innovative refrigerator sealing is designed to maintain cool air in the fridge and thanks to the twin cooling there will be no transfer of odours between fridge and freezer Coolly convenient Like a true American-style refrigerator it is built with a water and ice dispenser. You can enjoy a cool glass of water with either cubed ice or crushed ice, at the touch of a button! The water filter system ensures the RFG-23-UERS refrigerator dispenses fresh water and ice so you don't have to fill your fridge with bottled water anymore! The smooth Samsung RFG23UERS American-style Fridge Freezer gives an efficient and reliable performance in a phenomenal design. ______________________________ PLEASE NOTE: This refrigerator is not designed to be used in an outbuilding - both your food and the appliance can be damaged. Do not use it in any unheated area.
The quad core Samsung UE85S9STXXU Smart 3D 4k Ultra HD 85" LED TV lets you experience entertainment like never before, with a super 4K resolution, 1000 Hz processing rate, 5-speaker surround sound and a host of exciting smart features. Contemporary design Inspired by the concept of a canvas on an easel, the Samsung UE85S9STXXU boasts a truly unique design that's sure to become the focal point of any room. The sleek bezel appears to float within its beautiful outer frame, delivering edge-to-edge viewing and a truly expansive entertainment experience. The striking black framework on the S9 is crafted from precious metals and you'll find a webcam and five discreet in-built speakers, providing an enriching visual experience inside and out. Ultra High Definition Bridge the gap between action and reality with the Samsung Ultra HD 4K TV. The Samsung UE85S9STXXU delivers breathtaking visuals with four times the detail of Full HD, marking the future of TV viewing. You can expect the most lifelike images with incredible detail and stunning contrast on the 85" LED screen, offering an immersive viewing experience that's a step above anything you've seen before. The Ultra HD Upscaler upgrades standard and HD pictures too, and Micro Dimming technology delivers dynamic colour with the deepest blacks and the purest whites. Cinematic 3D viewing Bring your entertainment to life with active 3D on the Samsung S9 . Active 3D delivers captivating viewing from every angle, with stunning depth and vibrant colours, leaving you feeling like you're a part of the action. The 1000 Hz Clear Motion Rate technology bolsters the potential of 3D viewing, offering wonderfully fluid on-screen motion and handling fast-moving scenes with ease. You can view your 3D programmes and movies in comfort with the four pairs of specially designed, lightweight 3D glasses included with the Samsung UE85S9STXXU TV . Future-ready entertainment You can enjoy the best of the internet on the Samsung S9 thanks to built-in WiFi and Ethernet connections. Browse the web in full, access social networks and view all your favourite catch-up TV and video on demand services, all accessible from the Smart Hub Homepage. With voice and motion control you can experience a whole new way of navigating your TV. Make channel surfing a thing of the past with S Recommendation - simply ask the S9 "what's on" and it will respond with a selection of handpicked entertainment options from live TV to apps, all based on your personal preferences. The Samsung UE85S9STXXU supports twin Freeview HD and Freesat HD tuners - stop the debates by utilising the picture in picture feature that allows you to watch two programmes simultaneously or view one channel while recording another. Now you can future-proof your Samsung S9 TV with the Smart Evolution Kit. With Samsung's unique Evolution technology you can keep your TV updated with the latest performance technology, content and features, ensuring it stays cutting edge. You can further your entertainment by linking up a games console or Blu-ray player via the four HDMI ports or watch home videos and photos on the mega screen using the three USB ports. Don't forget your HDMI cables Check out our range of HDMI cables to connect your input devices and to make sure your new TV has a perfect picture with improved transfer speeds. Look out for the Sandstrom Silver Series HDMI cables, which have a lifetime warranty. Take a step into the future of home entertainment with the Samsung UE85S9STXXU Smart 3D 4k Ultra HD 85" LED TV . To see it is to believe it See the S9 in all it's glory at one of our following stores and chat with one of our Knowhow experts about installation. Birmingham New Malden Gateshead Gallagher Retail Park Unit 2 Burlington Retail Park Unit 2/2a Retail World Axletree Way Burlington Road Team Valley Wednesbury WS10 9QY New Malden KT3 4PA Gateshead NE11 0BDOnly one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all th
The 8 GB black Samsung I9200 Galaxy Mega is a bigger and better smartphone for more fun and more productive daily communication. Live your life to the full With such an expansive yet totally portable phone at your disposal, you can't help but make the most of your time. It's SIM-free, fitting your hand comfortably whilst offering impressive tablet-like functionality. The Galaxy Mega Black is packed with smart services and outstanding connectivity options that enable you to do more on the move. It's simply a bigger mobile experience. Running on the Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean operating system bolstered by 1.5 GHz of RAM, it allows you to flip, swipe and switch between apps with the greatest of ease. Multitask seamlessly and get more work done or stay entertained the way you like, watching videos, listening to music or browsing the internet as you please. Store all your essential images, information and other files with 8 GB of internal memory, expandable via micro SD card. A larger smartphone screen Large-scale portability is a hallmark of the I-9200 Galaxy Mega , its majestic 6.3" Super AMOLED touchscreen beautifully displaying your content in vivid colour and sharp definition. This mega-sized mobile screen is the perfect tool for viewing and capturing photos and videos without sacrificing portability or its call-making capabilities. With Mega UI installed, you'll be able to take full advantage of this large display, enjoying facilities such as split view, multi-window and multitasking with Dual View. It's a smartphone that lets you see more of your mobile world. Explore multi-window apps such as Contact, S memo, Polaris Office,Youtube, Maps, Gallery, Video Player(TBD), Browser, Chrome, Email, Gmail. Facebook, Message, ChatON, Gtalk and Kakaotalk. Staying connected is more fun and convenient than ever You'll always be in touch and informed with the inclusion of WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS and 4G facilities. Whether you're looking for information, sharing content or just chatting, this phone does it all. The Samsung I920-0 Galaxy Mega is super-useful on almost any occasions with its huge range of smart functions and services. If you're travelling somewhere new, you'll get geographic information for restaurant and sightseeing recommendations. Other important services include translation for easier international communication, and voice commands for safer, more convenient use while driving. Samsung's 16 GB Galaxy Mega keeps you interacting with friends, interest groups and more - whether you're sharing content over Wi-Fi, seeing what's on TV (Samsung WatchON) or instant messaging on ChatON. Your mobile reach will be wider and more powerful than ever. The phone with a cooler camera and entertainment features Equipped with a 1.9 megapixel front camera and an 8 megapixel rear camera, the Samsung I-920-0 Galaxy Mega Phone also gives you various camera modes for fun picture taking. Shoot memorable photographs or Full HD 1080p videos at 30 fps, preserving your memories as dynamic stills or high-quality action sequences to enjoy time and again. Store and listen to your favourite songs wherever you like thanks to the built-in MP3 player feature and integrated speakers. A range of fantastic apps is included to instantly broaden your mobile horizons -get to grips with Google Search, Google Maps, Gmail, Google Latitude, Google Play Store, Google Plus, YouTube, Google Talk, Google Places, Google Navigation, Google Downloads and Voice Search, among others. Longer mobile battery life The black Samsung I92-00 Galaxy Mega houses a 3,200 mAh Lithium-ion battery to give you loads of talk time and mobile phone usage. Capable of up to 420 hours' standby time and 10 hours' talk time, it's the ideal solution for the busy businessperson or constantly moving socialite. Stylish, practical and powerful, you'll get more out of each day with the 8 GB black Samsung I9200 Galaxy Mega .Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest sa
View your beloved DVDs on the reliable Samsung DVD-E360 DVD Player . Smooth Samsung viewing Watch your DVDs without any hiccups with this Samsung E360 player. With DTS surround sound and Dolby Digital audio you get a great visual and audio experience. The USB port allows you to plug in your memory stick or HDD to your DVD player and enjoy your own content via ConnectShare movies, enjoy your photos, music and videos through the Samsung DVD-E360 without the need for a number of different devices. The stylish Samsung DVD-E360 DVD Player has plenty of features to make for comfortable DVD viewing.Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
The Samsung UE-50F5500 Smart 50" LED TV encapsulates the latest in television technology, pairing amazing picture and sound with a wealth of unbelievable Samsung Smart features to make your daily TV watching more interactive and more fun. Experience Smart Samsung TV Built-in Wi-Fi gives you easy wireless access to Smart TV content - switch on, connect to your wireless network and away you go. This leading TV sports progressive functions that start with the new S-Recommendation technology. This clever feature suggests new items to watch based on things you like, learning your preferences and immediately searching Live TV, video on demand and apps to recommend TV and online content personalized for you. Know what's on without needing to look for it. Samsung's Smart Hub helps you manage your content by cleverly organising it into five easily-navigable panels - On TV; Movies & TV Shows; Photos, Videos & Music; Social and Apps. Using lively thumbnails, this instinctive interface provides instant previews to help you select what you want, speedily and without issue. The only Smart TV with all the catch-up services, the U-E50F550-0 gives you: ITV, BBC iPlayer, 4OD and Demand 5*. Don't miss your favourite drama, comedy, documentary, sports or radio programmes ever again. Samsung's Dual Core processor enables this amazing new technology to work cleanly and rapidly. Enjoy better multitasking, faster internet connections and finer picture quality - watch TV while downloading an app, or use one app while downloading updates. Surf the net quickly and efficiently on a comfortable large screen. Picture and sound to write home about This Samsung UE50 F5500 LED TV boasts a Full HD 1080p display for immersive picture quality that's rich in definition and strikingly life-like. Picture quality is optimised by a Hyper Real Engine for content of all types - enjoy incredible images whether you're watching TV, playing DVDs and Blu-ray discs, or surfing the internet. The set features dynamic Dolby Digital Plus / Pulse, DTS Studio Sound and DTS Premium Audio 5.1 that creates spectacularly full, clear sound that will take your viewing from good to amazing. It's sure to give you goosebumps! Freeview HD The UE5-0 F5500 Full HD 50" LED TV houses a built-in Freeview HD tuner that gives you a brilliant range of amazing entertainment from the word go. Freeview is a free-to-air digital service offering loads of choice with free access to over 50 standard definition TV channels and 4 HD channels (including ITV HD, BBC One HD, BBC HD and 4 HD) - there's always something to watch! Screen functions like no other TV On top of its great Smart features, the Samsung UE-50F5-500 50" TV features innovative screen functions that make everything easier and more accessible. Your Samsung compatible smartphone or tablet becomes a second TV screen via your home network with Smart View technology. If you have to leave the room, take your favourite programme with you on your smartphone or tablet using the Smart View app, providing matchless freedom and flexibility with a mobile supplementary screen. Wirelessly share content on your smart phone and tablet with your Samsung Smart TV using Screen Mirroring (via Allshare Cast). Surf the web, watch movies or play games on a larger screen, with better connectivity, streaming and sharing music, photos, movies and multimedia capabilities. Find all the TV apps you'll ever need at the Samsung App Store. Using the Apps panel, you can swiftly and easily download apps including VOD, games, lifestyle, kids and more - it's all specially designed for your Samsung Smart TV. Loads of connections in a slim frame Connect HD sources like games consoles, satellite receivers and Blu-ray players with three HDMI connections for better-quality picture and sound. See more picture and less TV frame with Samsung's "One design" styling, the fine bezel merging faultlessly into the background. An eye-catching black edge frame encases the screen, teaming pract
Hear, feel and experience your movies and TV content with the astoundingly powerful Samsung HT-F6500 5.1 Smart 3D Blu-ray Home Cinema System , featuring full Smart functionality and internet connectivity. Unrivalled audio quality Delivering the ultimate in home theatre audio, this Samsung entertainment system offers the most balanced harmonic output and natural sound reproduction thanks to Valve AMP, GaN AMP and CPID speaker technology. Your senses will be completely immersed by the lush sound of valve amplification. The patented vacuum tube delivers rich, warm sound with reduced ambient noise and artefact cancellation for one of the clearest listening experiences around. Three-dimensional surround sound Enjoy enhanced realism for all your films and TV content with magnificent 3D sound, which blankets you in waves of speech, effects and soundtracks for goosebump-inducing viewing satisfaction. Samsung's Vertical Sound couples with DTS processing for immense depth of audio and isolated stereo channels. You'll feel audio from four virtual areas in the room, making it feel less like a lounge and more like a cinema. The TV Sound On feature gives you high-quality surround sound from your TV source - just press the dedicated hotkey on the remote control for superior audio that will perfect all your nights in. Smart TV - Catch-up, social and more Never miss your favourite programmes again with the Samsung H-TF6500 Blu-ray Home Cinema System . Full catch-up services, including BBC iPlayer and 4oD, give you access to a realm of new comedy, drama, news, documentaries and other content. Samsung Smart Content lets you set the TV schedule, making for a flawless viewing experience where it's easy to stay up-to-date with current entertainment. Access online social networks including Facebook and Twitter with ease, connecting, chatting and sharing with family and friends as you will. The YouTube apps opens up a world of incredible and varied video content, from specialist channels to the latest global video sensations. S-Recommendation technology is here to provide movies and TV shows intelligently tailored to your preferences. Convenient and fast, it's the best way to enjoy all the content TV has to offer - and the Samsung Smart Hub offers enhanced apps and service UI to keep every day lively and fun. You can also access brilliant signature services such as Family hub, Kids Story, Your health and Web Browser. AllShare Play for easy streaming Get the hottest films and other entertainment in your home - when and however you like. The HTF-6500 Smart Home Cinema System provides an incredible selection of video on demand services including LoveFilm, Netflix and more. Whether you want the latest blockbusters, ageless movie classics or amazing independent films, the vast library of movies and other content will always offer something to enjoy as you please. With AllShare play you can access content saved on several of your devices via the Internet - send it to another device, website or web storage space and easily manage files on your devices with AllShare Play. You can even play games using your handset as a controller. This progressive feature offers wireless transfer that disposes of the untidiness and bulkiness of devices and cables. Screen mirroring and content sharing with AllShare Cast help take personal entertainment to the next level, as you simultaneously watch content from your Samsung mobile device and TV. Access AllShare Play using the icon on your apps home screen, and enjoy extra features such as resuming film playback on a portable device and faultless, anytime online linkup to share photos, music and videos across devices - without needing to re-download anything. Share presentation materials with work colleagues quickly and easily, as the Group play feature enables sharing and display of documents, images, music and ideas with people in your location. If you're on holiday and take photos with multiple devices, you can automaticall
You can keep your home smart and clean when you use the Samsung VC21F50UKGC F500G UV Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner with a smart titanium silver finish. With CycloneForce technology, you can keep vacuuming without the worry of losing suction power, whilst the UV technology helps to clean every inch of your home. Powerful cleaning Boasting a 2100 W motor, the F500G UV Vacuum Cleaner provides powerful suction that's effective on any surface you wish to clean, making it ideal for use all around the house. It is lightweight at only 5.5 kg, making it simple to transport up and down stairs or to any room you need to use it in. Feel the force The F500G includes CycloneForce technology, which helps to provide excellent suction. The centrifugal force separates dirt and other material from the inner chamber into an outer chamber, helping to keep the vacuum cleaner performing to its full potential as it keeps the HEPA 13 filter clean. This means that dust-free air is expelled from the cleaner, which is good news for allergy sufferers, and as the filter is kept cleaner, it keeps the suction at a powerful 450 aW. Easy emptying The F500-G collects dirt and debris in the Easy Dustbin thanks to its bagless design. The bagless design means that you don't have to spend money on replacement bags and makes it kinder to the environment. It is simple to empty and clean the two-litre Dustbin without spilling dirt as it can easily be detached from the vacuum cleaner and emptied into your bin. UV technology Using UV technology, you can keep your home cleaner than ever before. The advanced UV brush captures mites and allergens from your floor and sterilises them using a powerful UV lamp. Working alongside the HEPA filter, this UV brush makes this vacuum cleaner excellent news for any allergy suffers in your home. You will be able to see when your home is expertly cleaned thanks to the dust sensor, making it easy to see when you've missed an area. Exceptional accessories You can clean almost any surface in your home thanks to the range of accessories provided with the VC21F50UKGC . These accessories include the Silencio Force Brush for effective floor cleaning. Don't put up with dirty floors; banish dust when you bring home the Samsung VC21F50UKGC F500G UV Cylinder Bagless Vacuum Cleaner .
The gun metal Samsung G-Series RL-60GZEMG Fridge Freezer expands its internal space without bulking out its external dimensions. Ensure you've got enough space for your food Store more and shop less with this G-Series Samsung fridge-freezer. With an impressive 400-litre total storage capacity, you'll be able to configure the space to your needs and make fewer trips to the shop. The 288-litre fridge offers four tempered glass shelves that provide highly durable support for all your food items and containers. Store drinks, frozen foods, leftovers, food for the weekend and even next week's picnic lunch. The challenge is to buy enough groceries to fill it. Precise cold storage Keep fruit and vegetables crisper, fresher and tastier using the salad crisper, while a wine rack lets you keep bottles safe and out of the way. There are six adjustable door balconies and an egg rack to hold and organise all your bottles, sauces and smaller items. In the freezer, four clear-fronted drawers provide 112 litres of space, making it easy to check on stock levels without constantly opening compartments and wasting cold air. An ice tray is also provided so you've always got ice cubes on hand to chill your drinks. Advanced cooling features The RL60GZEM-G Fridge Freezer gives you customisable storage areas such as CoolSelect Zone, featuring independent temperature control that can be optimised for individual items. The Fresh Room Zone is a low temperature drawer that helps keep food your fresher for longer. Multi Flow Cooling sends a stream of cool air through vents positioned on every shelf for an evenly-cooled environment. Your food maintains freshness with this brilliantly consistent temperature. Feel the benefits of the Holiday Mode feature, designed purposely to keep your fridge running efficiently while you're away. This keeps the freezer going while the fridge shuts off, freeing you from worrying about your power bill or state of your food. Forget about defrosting No Frost technology is built into the Samsung RL6-0GZ-EMG Fridge Freezer to prevent icy build-ups. Now you won't have to worry about these deposits clogging up your fridge, and you will certainly be spared from the pain of manual defrosting. Get on with things you'd rather be doing as the appliance takes care of the hard work. Additionally, EZ Open Door Handles have been designed to offer you the most comfort and convenience. It's a breeze to open the fridge-freezer's solid doors with this innovative feature. Economical fridge running Using a Smart Eco system, the Samsung G-Series RL60G-ZEMG Fridge Freezer is able to regulate power usage and LED interior illumination, consuming up to 75% less energy. It constantly monitors temperature and humidity to enhance refrigerator performance using various sensors and adjusting the compressor to suit your usage. Graced by a sophisticated blue LED display on the door exterior, the fridge boasts a state-of-the-art appearance with enhanced usability and design. Inside, stage LED lighting casts light into the appliance's every corner, letting you easily find items more easily. Using up to 75% less energy than standard bulb lighting, it spares electricity wastage. Rated A++ for energy efficiency, the appliance protects the environment but also saves you money on your electricity bills. Finished in a striking gun metal, the Samsung G-Series RL-60GZEMG Fridge Freezer offers the space and advanced technology to give you the best in food storage. ___________________________________________________________________________ PLEASE NOTE: Use in outbuildings: This refrigerator is not designed to be used in an outbuilding - both your food and the appliance can be damaged. Do not use it in any unheated area. Reversible door hinges: This refrigerator has a reversible door - please consult with installation experts such as our Knowhow team to carry out door reversal.
The Samsung SE-218CN-TSSS External Slimline USB 2.0 DVD Writer offers an extraordinarily compact and effective solution for playing and burning DVDs. One of the slimmest drives around At just 14 mm, the SE218C-NTSSS DVD Writer is incredibly thin, making it easy to install and transport if you have the need. It's some 18% slimmer and 8% lighter than other Samsung external DVD writers, making for an even more economical computing accessory. Burn off DVDs at speeds of 8x and CDs at a rapid 24x for maximum efficiency and convenience. Works longer for less The Samsung S-E218CNTSS-S Slimline USB2.0 DVD Writer boasts low power consumption, allowing for longer operating times than other external DVD drives. Battery life is one of the biggest obstacles for laptop portability, but this great DVD writer can run off even a single USB port from a tablet PC, so it's highly practical. Sleekly designed and finished in black, the Samsung SE-218CN-TSSS External Slimline USB2.0 DVD Writer is ideal if you need a peripheral optical drive that takes up as little space as possible whilst performing brilliantly.
Powered by the second generation Intel Core Processor i5-2530UM and running the Genuine Windows 7 Home Premium operating system, the Samsung 900X3A Refurbished 13.3" Laptop is fast, efficient, and absolutely stunning. This lightweight laptop packs a 128GB SSD instead of a hard drive, and also boasts 4GB of RAM. The Samsung 900X3A Refurbished 13.3" Laptop is fashioned from Duralumin, a material more commonly used in the aerospace industry. Twice as strong as common aluminium alloys, yet almost as lightweight, Duralumin's properties enabled Samsung engineers to create a 1.35 kg wonder machine just 16.3 mm thick! But the beauty of the Samsung 900X3A Refurbished 13.3" Laptop goes more than skin deep. For example, the 13.3-inch widescreen display features ultra-bright 400-nit LED backlighting, making it possible to see the display in sunlight. And Samsung has equipped this ultra-mobile laptop with a backlit keyboard and a large multi-touch clickpad for style and comfort. Despite its light weight, the Samsung 900X3A Refurbished 13.3" Laptop features a six-cell Li-Po battery that powers the notebook for up to 7 hours. Discover truly mobile computing with this brilliant laptop. ___________________________________________________________________________ This refurbished laptop has been professionally checked, tested and repackaged. It comes with a reassuring 12-month warranty and offers fantastic savings over the 'as new' price.Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
The 16 GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8" WiFi Tablet puts exceptionally powerful performance, easy usability and gorgeous graphics at your fingertips. Light as a feather Supremely light and portable, the 8" Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 benefits from a light, slim design that makes it perfect for computing, communicating and entertainment on the move. Slip it into a bag, backpack or briefcase to carry wherever you like, whipping it out to read, browse, listen or watch on the train, a park bench or while waiting - it's made to be as usable as possible with a large, clear screen and beautifully slim bezel. Remarkable tablet processing and hardware You're assured of fast, muscular tablet performance thanks to the inclusion of a 1.5 GHz Dual Core processor with an impressive 1.5 GB of RAM and a big 16 GB of hard drive space. Stunning high-resolution graphics move with impressive fluidity on the 8" display with WXGA high resolution, exhibiting outstanding colour and contrast levels. With Reading Mode, display quality is enhanced so you can better enjoy reading on the go. Connect a pair of headphones via the 3.5 mm headphone jack to enjoy outstanding sound quality that will enhance all your audio visual apps. Enjoy seamless multitasking as you switch between internet, music, video and game apps with effortless gestures on the 8" multitouch TFT LCD screen. The Galaxy 3 Tablet a truly cohesive tablet experience. The device is also equipped with 3 MP and 1.3 MP cameras to take great hi-res photos and videos while you're out and about, or conduct video calls with satisfying brightness and clarity. Android OS drives this Galaxy tab The Galaxy 3 8" WiFi Tablet runs on the Google Android 4.2 (Jelly Bean) operating system, an exciting and intuitive interface that makes for a smoother, more natural experience as you navigate your tablet's multiple facilities. Download a large and exciting range of apps from the Google Playstore to really make the most of your tablet. Included software includes Samsung Apps and Dropbox. A Galaxy of connections The Samsung Galaxy 16 GB Tablet uses WiFi channel bonding to connect to easily and rapidly wireless broadband networks wherever you are. Check your email, surf favourite sites or perhaps get some online shopping done wherever there's an available network. A-GPS+GLONASS keeps track of your positioning for a globally intelligent device. Enjoy total multimedia on the go as you take in rich content from music, game, video and learning hubs. You'll be stimulated, entertained and educated no matter where you are or what time it is. Total tablet benefits A tablet is a portable device designed to let you stay online even when you're away from home. Mobile broadband is the best way to get online when you're on the go. If you choose a tablet that's WiFi-enabled you're relying on being within reach of a WiFi hotspot such as an Internet Cafe. Mobile WiFi gives you a wireless hotspot in your pocket; it picks either a 3G or 4G signal wherever you are, with amazing speeds. Each mobile WiFi device lets you connect up to five devices at one time - ideal if you're in a group. For more information ask in store about how you and your device can stay online when you're on the go. Offering familiar Samsung features and fantastically easy usability, the 16 GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8" WiFi Tablet in brown is the next exciting step in portable computing.
The 16 GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8" WiFi Tablet puts exceptionally powerful performance, easy usability and gorgeous graphics at your fingertips. Light as a feather Supremely light and portable, the 8" Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 benefits from a light, slim design that makes it perfect for computing, communicating and entertainment on the move. Slip it into a bag, backpack or briefcase to carry wherever you like, whipping it out to read, browse, listen or watch on the train, a park bench or while waiting - it's made to be as usable as possible with a large, clear screen and beautifully slim bezel. Remarkable tablet processing and hardware You're assured of fast, muscular tablet performance thanks to the inclusion of a 1.5 GHz Dual Core processor with an impressive 1.5 GB of RAM and a big 16 GB of hard drive space. Stunning high-resolution graphics move with impressive fluidity on the 8" display with WXGA high resolution, exhibiting outstanding colour and contrast levels. With Reading Mode, display quality is enhanced so you can better enjoy reading on the go. Connect a pair of headphones via the 3.5 mm headphone jack to enjoy outstanding sound quality that will enhance all your audio visual apps. Enjoy seamless multitasking as you switch between internet, music, video and game apps with effortless gestures on the 8" multitouch TFT LCD screen. The Galaxy 3 Tablet a truly cohesive tablet experience. The device is also equipped with 3 MP and 1.3 MP cameras to take great hi-res photos and videos while you're out and about, or conduct video calls with satisfying brightness and clarity. Android OS drives this Galaxy tab The Galaxy 3 8" WiFi Tablet runs on the Google Android 4.2 (Jelly Bean) operating system, an exciting and intuitive interface that makes for a smoother, more natural experience as you navigate your tablet's multiple facilities. Download a large and exciting range of apps from the Google Playstore to really make the most of your tablet. Included software includes Samsung Apps and Dropbox. A Galaxy of connections The Samsung Galaxy 16 GB Tablet uses WiFi channel bonding to connect to easily and rapidly wireless broadband networks wherever you are. Check your email, surf favourite sites or perhaps get some online shopping done wherever there's an available network. A-GPS+GLONASS keeps track of your positioning for a globally intelligent device. Enjoy total multimedia on the go as you take in rich content from music, game, video and learning hubs. You'll be stimulated, entertained and educated no matter where you are or what time it is. Total tablet benefits A tablet is a portable device designed to let you stay online even when you're away from home. Mobile broadband is the best way to get online when you're on the go. If you choose a tablet that's WiFi-enabled you're relying on being within reach of a WiFi hotspot such as an Internet Cafe. Mobile WiFi gives you a wireless hotspot in your pocket; it picks either a 3G or 4G signal wherever you are, with amazing speeds. Each mobile WiFi device lets you connect up to five devices at one time - ideal if you're in a group. For more information ask in store about how you and your device can stay online when you're on the go. Offering familiar Samsung features and fantastically easy usability, the 16 GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8" WiFi Tablet is the next exciting step in portable computing.Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
Protecting your Samsung Galaxy S4 is easy when you use the Belkin Grip Samsung Galaxy S4 Case in striking topaz. Plenty of protection Thin and durable, the Belkin Grip case offers an extra layer of protection for your Samsung S4, fitting your phone like a glove. It's also easy to grip so you won't find your phone slipping out of your hand. Look after your beloved smartphone with the Belkin Grip Samsung Galaxy S4 Case .
Get up close to the action with the Samsung UE50F6100 3D 50" LED TV for large screen entertainment in awesome high definition. Active 3D Watch thrilling movies and play 3D games in glorious high definition with the UE50F6100 and your supported 3D devices for exciting edge of your seat viewing. Use the F6100 to help you create a more immersive viewing experience with explosions that burst out of the screen and characters you feel like you can reach out and touch on the 50" LED display. Supplied with two pairs of comfortable active 3D glasses it couldn't be easier to watch your favourite films in awesome 3D as well as being able to enjoy standard programming with no loss in image quality. Sleek Samsung styling See more of the picture and less of the frame with Samsung's "One Design" styling presenting a super narrow bezel that merges seamlessly into the background. Encased in a discreet black edge frame combined with an appealing silver quad stand this beautifully designed TV will look fantastic in any room in your home. High performance The F6100 features a crystal clear full HD 1080p screen for picture quality that's crisp, sharp, and breathtakingly life-like to provide you with an engaging and immersive entertainment experience. With plenty of HD ports you can easily connect up your Blu-ray or DVD player or games console to the F6100 to take advantage of the impressive 50" screen with a variety of different medias. Subscription free TV Freeview HD is a free to air digital service built into your TV to offer more choice with free access to over 50 standard definition TV channels and 4 HD channels (including ITV HD, BBC One HD, BBC HD and 4 HD), so now there's always something to watch! Browse the programming guide to stay on top of the TV schedule and catch more of the shows you like with a 7 day forward view that lets you plan your viewing well in advance for added convenience. Don't forget your HDMI cables Check out our range of HDMI cables to connect your input devices and to make sure your new TV has a perfect picture with improved transfer speeds. Look out for the Sandstrom Silver Series HDMI cables with their lifetime warranty. Stay entertained with the Samsung UE50F6100 3D 50" LED TV that delivers high quality images and smooth motion in a stylish package.Only one offer can be applied per basket , so you'll be eligible for the biggest saving of all the items you buy when you reach the checkout.
With a slim and functional design, the Samsung SE-218CN External USB DVD Writer is ideal for taking everywhere you go, so you can read or write data to discs without a problem. Perfectly portable At only 14 mm thick, the SE218CN is among the slimmest optical drives around, making it ideal for taking on your travels, allowing you to read and write CDs and DVDs. As well as being compact in size, it is lightweight enough to be put in a bag without adding bulk. Powerful but not power-hungry Powered by USB, the SE-218CNRSBS External DVD Writer allows you plenty of time to write your discs while using your laptop thanks to its low power consumption. You can even use the USB port on your tablet to use this writer, so you can keep on working after writing your discs. Keep on working wherever you go with the Samsung SE-218CNRSBS External USB DVD Writer .
The Samsung HT-F5500 5.1 Smart 3D Blu-ray Home Cinema System turns your TV entertainment centre into an exciting Smart Hub, where online content and services team with incredible surround sound for an immersive, definitive home entertainment experience. Make your TV smarter With the new 2013 Smart Hub, you'll be able to enjoy fantastic features that will ensure you're entertained 24/7. Access all the catch-up services, including BBC iPlayer, making sure you never miss one of your favourite programmes again. Access a delightful and enriching world of new comedy, drama, news, documentaries and much more. What's more, Samsung Smart Content enables you to set the TV schedule so you can stay current with the latest entertainment with unparalleled ease. You'll also have full access to signature services like Family Hub, Kids Story, Your Health and a full Web Browser. The Samsung HT-F5500 5.1 Smart 3D Blu-ray Home Cinema System also brings you S-Recommendation, which suggests movies and TV shows aimed specifically at your taste by intelligently learning your preferences. This convenient, rapid service is the ideal way to enjoy all kinds of TV content - make every day fun with enhanced apps and services. A social connection The HT-F550-0 Home Cinema System makes connecting with friends and family even easier, and you can do it in the comfort of your lounge or entertainment area. Gain swift access to Facebook, Twitter and other internet social website for easy chatting and sharing. There's also a YouTube app which enables you to browse, laugh and marvel at an incredible range of content - keep up with the latest worldwide video sensations. These great networking facilities give you a much smarter way to be social, whenever you like. Easy streaming with AllShare Play Get the very latest films and other entertainment right at home - when you like, however you like. The HTF-5500 Smart Home Cinema System provides access to a selection of amazing video on demand services that include LoveFilm, Netflix and more. Whether you're looking for the biggest, latest blockbusters, timeless movie classics or outstanding independent films, the immense library of movies and other content will have something for you to enjoy as you please. With AllShare play you can access content saved on several of your devices via the Internet - send it to another device, website or web storage space and easily manage files on your devices with AllShare Play. This amazing feature offers wireless transfer that does away with the physical clutter and bulk of devices and cables. Access AllShare Play using the icon on your apps home screen, and enjoy additional features such as resuming film playback on a portable device and seamless, anytime online linkage to share photos, music and videos across devices without repeat downloads. You can share presentation materials with work colleagues with amazing speed and ease, as the Group play feature enables sharing and display of documents, images, music and ideas with people in the same venue you're in. If you're on holiday and take photos with multiple devices, you can automatically send them to a web storage facility via WiFi. AllShare Play provides a trouble-free way to merge holiday snaps to create albums on your return. 1000 watts of powerful cinema sound Employing new DTS sound technology, the Samsung HTF55-00 5.1 3D Blu-ray Home Cinema System delivers 1000 W of incredible, content-enhancing audio through its two Jersey satellite speakers. Able to play back Full HD 3D Blu-ray discs, this advanced personal theatre system makes entertainment more dramatic and exhilarating than you could have imagined. Powerful features such as 3D Auto Contrast give crisper images with dynamic contrast and more articulate definition, while Samsung's advanced 3D technology minimises image layers and enhances response time for clearer, more natural viewing. 3D surround sound is the best way to experience movies, as Samsung's Vertical Surround m
Sometimes, for whatever reason, it's just not possible to pay for a product in full, at the time of purchase. That's why using your credit card to spread the cost at Currys Online Electronics Store can be so handy. When you purchase using a credit card at Currys Electronics you can be sure of two things: firstly that you're getting a good deal, and secondly that you won't miss out on a great product (such as this Samsung Ue85s9stxxu Smart 3d 4k Ultra Hd 85" Led Tv) just because you can't afford to pay for it in full right away. Take your time ... weeks or even months, the choice is yours; and then, if you want to pay off your credit card account at any time, no problem, you can do that as well.
Spreading the cost of your purchase makes a lot of sense for many people, and although you may accrue some interest when using your credit card, the benefits are obvious, and more than worthwhile. After all, the same product could easily cost much more within a matter of days or weeks, and so when you purchase right away on your credit card, you can be sure of locking in a bargain price. So, the Samsung Ue85s9stxxu Smart 3d 4k Ultra Hd 85" Led Tv can be yours for a lot less than you might imagine, and if you don't want to pay for it right away, then it's no problem.
So, if you're interested in owning the Samsung Ue85s9stxxu Smart 3d 4k Ultra Hd 85" Led Tv, then you can buy it right now and either spread the cost using your credit card, or pay in cash when you purchase at your local Currys store. Additionally, once you've shopped at Currys, then you can also take advantage of other special offers, and Currys Sale prices.
During the last few years, the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics has installed a number of archiving servers in various places in the world making use of its ”LAT” (Language Archiving Technology) archiving framework. The idea behind a number of these server installations was to set up “regional” archives, which are placed close to the location where the archived resources were originally collected.
Having such a regional archive has a number of advantages. First of all, the fact that the data is stored nearby and not somewhere far away in western Europe often makes the speech community and the local linguists more involved and more interested in the archive. Also technologically it is often an advantage to have the server closer by since it improves the speed at which it can be accessed over the internet. Last but not least, the regional archives can become part of a global grid of language archives in which data is dynamically distributed to improve long-term preservation chances.
The exact procedure of setting up such a regional archive depends on the local circumstances, but always involves the installation of the LAT suite (either remotely or locally), connecting the server to the local infrastructure, and training the local staff in how to maintain the LAT server and support the users of it. This whole process takes about 5 days. Optionally, a training course for users of the archive can be offered as well.
Installations in Cape Town (South Africa), Cologne (Germany), Buea (Cameroon), Tbilissi (Georgia) and Kathmandu (Nepal) are planned for the future.
Your rose plant has been freshly harvested and may still have some of this year’s foliage. The leaves will drop in due course and will not affect the rose’s growth. Before planting cut back each of the stems about 15–20cms to an outward facing bud. This will help create a good plant shape. Youmay also wish to trim the roots slightly to encourage new white root growth.
Remove the plant from the packaging straight away and plant in its flowering position. If soil conditions are unsuitable for planting at the time of receipt, the plants can be potted up and stood in a sheltered part of the garden until conditions improve.
Roses require a sunny position in a moist, well drained soil. Make a hole large enough to take the root ball and plant the rose so that the point at which the rose is budded (the graft) is above soil level and the top of the root ball is covered. Backfill soil mixing in a good fertiliser, leaf mould or well rotted farmyard manure. Water thoroughly.
Pruning should take place in March or before new growth emerges, removing all dead, thin or weak branches and reducing the height by 1/3 to 2/3rds of the previous season’s growth.
Climbing Varieties No pruning is required in the first year except for the removal of dead, damaged or diseased wood. In the second year climbing roses are pruned in mid autumn when they have finish flowering. Side shoots are pruned back by approximately two thirds or to 3-4 buds. The main stems are not pruned unless they are out growing their allotted space in which case they can be trimmed back. If the plant becomes very bare at the base cut 1 or 2 of the main shoots back to about 90cm to encourage growth from lower down the plant.
After a successful meeting in 2011, the New Zealand Society of Gastroenterology and New Zealand Gastroenterology Nurses College will return to Dunedin for the Annual Scientific Meeting. Dunedin is home to New Zealand's oldest Medical School at the University of Otago. Many registrants will have fond (and not so fond – or simply no) memories of their scarfie days.
We believe that we have put together a great program and we are honored to welcome an outstanding faculty. Besides experts from within New Zealand, we have secured a great line up of international speakers to tackle all the current issues in gastroenterology.
Our Committee reflects the teamwork that is gastroenterology and consists of enthusiastic gastroenterologists, surgeons and nurses to make sure all aspects of gastroenterology are covered. Highlights of the social programme include the Great Guts Fun Run/Walk, unbelievably in its 7th year after the inductory event in Dunedin in 2011 and the showpiece conference dinner themed 'Professors and Scarfies', fitting the location.
Come to Dunedin and join us for a fantastic programme but also make sure you soak up the local atmosphere and hospitality. We know for some of you it will be a trip down memory lane.
I saw this lead question in a recent email I received: What is a good self-publishing company? The answer is simple: YOU. Yup, the only good self-publishing company is yourSELF. That’s what self-publishing is all about. I know that there are … Continue reading →
Posted in Author Tips, Book Printing, Self-Publishing	| Tagged Bang Printing, Ingram Spark, Kindle ebooks, King Printing, off-set book printers, publish ebooks, publish POD books, self-publishing, self-publishing companies, Smashwords, you as a self-publisher
Mark Coker of Smashwords recently made the following predictions about ebooks and publishing for the upcoming year (2013). 1. Ebooks as a percentage of overall trade book sales in the US should hit 45%, up from what I’m estimating will … Continue reading →
29th Annual Council of Australasian Tourism and Hospitality Education CAUTHE 2019 Conference Hosted by CQUniversity, Australia, Cairns, Australia 11-14 February 2019 The deadline for submission of full papers for the CAUTHE 2019 Conference to be held in tropical, Far North Queensland, Australia has been extended until 15 November. CAUTHE PhD/ECR and special bursary applications are due on: ***1 […]
The CAUTHE Executive invites applications for a special CAUTHE bursary to support travel to and attendance at the CAUTHE 2019 conference in Cairns, Australia from 11-14 February. The aim of the scheme is to build networks with and provide opportunities for tourism, hospitality and events scholars and academics, particularly from developing countries, to attend the […]
Unfortunately this website was hacked and most of the information was deleted. We are in the process of trying to re-build it but this may take some time.
CAWS 4 PAWS – please either call 044 620 2826 (RSA) or mail This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and we will try to help you.
Questions related to deals advertised onDealizzle, please contact sellers directly. Find sellers contact details under 'Fine Print' of each deal.
An oil on canvas painting titled “Figure Study” by American Impressionist Richard Judson Zolan (1931-2001) attributed as his wife, Carol Zolan, measuring approximately 20 x 16 inches in a frame measuring approximately 24 x 20 inches. Zolan studied at the Art Institute of Chicago (AIC) and the Art Students League in New York. Influenced by AIC instructor Louis Ritman, Zolan became committed to the principles of impressionist painting, considering himself a “romantic American impressionist.” Zolan had studios in both Palm Desert, California and Cape Cod, Massachusetts. He exhibited worldwide, including exhibitions at the World Trade Center in New York, the Cape Cod Art Association, the Art Institute of Chicago, and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art as well at prestigious galleries worldwide including his own in Palm Desert, CA. Zolan also produced commissioned portraits for celebrities such as President Gerald Ford, Bob Hope, Danny Thomas, and Mikhail Baryshnikov. Carol Zolan, Richard’s widow, initially was hired to be a live model for his paintings. Subsequently, Carol became Richard’s apprentice and his wife in 1976. Ms. Zolan was his principal model and public relations manager. Mr. Zolan’s works have sold at Bonhams, Sotheby’s and Christies.
good sports quotes people in the states used to think that if girls were good at sports their sexuality more quotes sports quotes for instagram.
best sports quotes about losing for instagram bio famous success story and winning,good sports quotes short about losing and winning most inspirational from legends sport for tattoos,good sports quotes for shirts about losing short inspirational teamwork and sportsmanship,good sports quotes from the bible about losing for instagram,sports quotes about losing and winning good basketball 3 on fitness wanker best short great,good sports quotes for tattoos instagram inspirational bio,great sports quotes about losing good for shirts and moving on pix sportsmanship athletes youth,good sports quotes about losing medical top inspirational for shirts short,good sports quotes volleyball great you cant afford to miss put on instagram best short,good sports quotes for shirts short download life instagram bio.
My deadline for this piece was fast approaching when it dawned on me how I still hadn’t listened to Black Pompadour all the way through. It wasn’t for the lack of trying – time after time I sat patiently with Word open and The Zincs’ third album playing behind me, yet after ten minutes I always crumbled, hammered the eject button and went to do something more interesting.
Not that Black Pompadour is depressing; it’s just a bit dull and more than a little frustrating. Led by founder (and former sole member) James Elkington, The Zincs make use of organs and a very, very clean guitar sound, alternating between amiable, jangly chord-based indie-rock, folk and other ‘soft’ genres. It’s a little like Joy Division only less pop-based and often more down-tempo, or like Arab Strap minus the slurred charm and dirty mouth of Aidan Moffatt.
Musically it’s competent, but The Zincs’ main downfall lies with the voice of Elkington himself. Through every song, he sounds almost at the bottom of his vocal range, unimpressed and reserved. Whilst at times it showcases the same casual, laid-back tone as the recent solo work of Stephen Malkmus, all too often it is more frustrating than entertaining. You see, there are points during Black Pompadour where it could leave behind its drab-rock feel and really step up a gear, if only Elkington would let it. The introductory drum roll to ‘Coward’s Corral’, for example, promises a jaunty, up-tempo adventure for all of three seconds before the vocals begin and quell the fire, whilst the seemingly ‘70s prog-inspired, swirling ‘Burdensome Son’ suffers the same fate later on.
At times the songs ache for someone to take the helm and breathe life into them, giving them some kind of direction and substance, but instead they tend to remain sadly absent of any edge at all. Perhaps though, the problem lies with the actual writing rather than execution. Elkington is joined on three songs by the soft, soothing call of Edith Frost, yet there are occasions on songs like ‘Rice Parts’ when even her excellent delivery becomes bogged down courtesy of a slow tempo and monotonous melody, each drawn-out syllable the same length.
Black Pompadour is not a bad album, it’s just flat; it’s delivered with little to no passion, meaning that listening to it in its entirety will be a test of patience for some. There is some excellent musicianship present, hidden away amongst the standard fare, should you be patient enough to find it – the guitar work on closer ‘Rich Libertines’ being the highlight – but it’s not enough to save this from being a sadly average affair and little else.
I thought that I'd touch on a slightly different beauty topic today than usual. It's been in my mind for a long time to make a video talking about beauty imagery, especially the way it applies to our self image and identity.
Like I said in the video, I feel that the key is to have a clear separation between what we see and the real people in our day to day lives (ourselves included). There is nothing innately wrong with photo editing (or video editing) as it is part of a production and creative process, no one told Advant Garde artists such as Picasso or Matisse to change the images they created because they were not "realistic", that is the point isn't it? And once that boundary is established, I think it becomes easier to accept ourselves as real people, alive, breathing, with our own wonderful "flaws" and differences. Let the marketing companies do what they do, it is there job after all to create an illusion of something bigger and better than life. As long as we know the difference, we can all live our happy lives.
And if you haven't noticed already, a few large cosmetic companies have taken note (stating the obvious perhaps) to identify the post-editing process and to provide more transparency. Here's a few that I have seen.
I have seen these types of advertisements for years and only with in the past 6 months or so have I noticed the fine print that has been provided for clarification. Certainly this is a step towards the positive, whatever that is done it should be done with a certain level of transparency. Being able to change and create is a beautiful thing, whether it be a photograph we take, the nail polish your wearing or a new hair colour...just keep it real.
I hope this post and video gave you some ideas to think about and a new beauty perspective for the upcoming year. Happy Holidays, yay Christmas Eve!
I put many hours into making my posts and photographs. Feel free to share product images or swatches taken by me and credit appropriately if you repost on your own blog/social media. For commercial licensing, please contact me specifically. Some links are affiliate shopping links which help support my blog / Youtube channel. There is no obligation to use them but if you do, thank you!
Pro-Kolin + for Cats and Dogs contains beneficial microorganisms which are found naturally in the microflora of the healthy gut. It also contains kaolin and pectin which coat the lining of the gut.
Coatex Medicated Shampoo may be used as adjunctive therapy for most common dermatological conditions. Coatex Medicated Shampoo is antibacterial, antifungal, deodorising, has a deep cleansing action, removes scales and crusts.
Dermisol cream may be used to encourage wound healing in horses, cattle, dogs and cats particularly when this process is impaired by the presence of necrotic tissue, coagulum, debris or wax. This may occurr in cases of traumatic injury, surgical wounds, infected wounds and otitis externa.
Droncit Worming Tablets for Cats and Dogs are used for the treatment of all common species of adult tapeworms (both immature and mature forms) in cats and dogs.
Epi-Otic Ear Cleanser is recommended for the routine cleansingof ears in dogs and cats and prior to application of specific antibiotic ear treatments.
Indorex Flea Spray prevents flea eggs and larvae from developing into adults. Indorex can provide protection against fleas for up to 12 months if used correctly and protection from adult fleas for up to 2 months.
Logic Oral Hygiene Gel is used to assist in the maintainance of healthy gums and teeth and to prevent bad breath by reducing dental plaque.
Otodex skin cream for cats and dogs is a soothing aid in the treatment of eczma,sore spots, abrasions and minor burns.
Panacur Granules is for the treatment of cats and dogs infected with roundworms and tapeworms. This pack contains sufficient to treat an animal up to 30kg bodyweight on a single occasion. Heavier dogs will require more than one pack.
Panacur Liquid 2.5% is a white oral suspension of Febendazole as a ready to use oral anthelmintic for animals.
Proden PlaqueOff Animal is formulated for healthier teeth and gums. It is effective against bad breath, tartar and plaque. Proden PlaqueOff Animal is added to food using the scoop supplied.
(Ottawa, ON --- May 29, 2010) YANIK LEDUC running in the 5km race during the Ottawa Race Weekend. Photograph copyright Sean Burges / Mundo Sport Images
Chat Room Avenue Mobile is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cool Muhlemberg Dorm Room Ideas is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Cool Room Ideas With A Day Bed is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Grey Tiled Wet Rooms is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
How Many Rooms Group Rate is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Https Www Airbnb Com Rooms Location Wells is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Study Room Booking Unisa is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Torrent The Black Room Pelicula Espa F Af Ac D is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Wife Lover Waiting Outside Hotel Room Cum Blog is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Our experienced and professional staff are here to guide you through the creation of a service that reflects your values, your preferences, and your loved one's individual life story. We offer a variety of ways for you to honor their life, pay tribute, and celebrate special memories as you begin to heal and find closure.
A traditional funeral, with a visitation or gathering time, gives family and friends an opportunity to offer condolences, share stories, and say goodbye. Whether open to all acquaintances or a small and private gathering, the familiarity of a traditional funeral and visitation can provide you with comfort and a sense of peace.
A picture's worth a thousand words, and video is worth a novel. Share your loved one's life journey and highlight cherished memories through photo displays, picture boards, and a high-quality, meaningful tribute video.
There are many ways to tailor a traditional service and combine familiar rites and rituals with a nod to your loved one's personality and lifestyle, like special music, a prized collection, or personal items representing a passion or hobby.
There's no rulebook for what a funeral can or can't be. A funeral serves to offer family and friends an opportunity for healing, support, and celebration of a well-lived life. We can help you design a one-of-a-kind farewell for your loved one that reflects their individuality and spirit.
Honoring the accomplishments, individuality, and life journey of a loved one can go far beyond the service itself. Explore how you can share memories, support healing, and create lasting tributes through video, memorial websites, personalized keepsakes, and other meaningful projects.
When you've experienced a loss, you suddenly find yourself facing uncertainty and what may seem like an overwhelming number of decisions. Designing a service should be a journey of remembrance, healing, and love...not a source of stress. Find out how we can guide you through the process, answer your questions, and help you make important decisions to ease your burden and give you peace of mind.
Memorial services and funerals provide a supportive space for family and friends to offer condolences, say goodbye, grieve together, and share memories with one another. No matter what arrangements you choose, we're here to help you plan, coordinate and carry out a service perfectly suited to your family's preferences, needs, and budget.
Tradition, honor, and dignity are the hallmarks of a military funeral. No matter which combination of ceremonial elements you choose to include, we'll help you pay tribute in a way that celebrates their sacrifice, patriotism, and dedication.
Depending upon your preference, family traditions, or choices established by the deceased during their lifetime, there are multiple ways to care for physical remains and give loved ones a final resting place. We can provide you with options for a traditional in-ground burial, entombment in a mausoleum, or a variety of facilities for the interment of cremated remains.
This essay is a critical perspective of the applicability of behavioral ethics in business and policy interventions. I summarize a series of proposed interventions to increase people’s honesty, inspired by ethical dissonance theory, such as increasing salience of moral norms, visibility, and self-engagement. Although I agree that behavioral ethics could offer simple, low-cost interventions with the potential of reducing unethical behavior (not only) in organizations, there are several risks and methodological limitations not sufficiently discussed. The interventions thus could eventually lead to weaker positive impacts or even long-term negative consequences. I suggest several alternative approaches to decrease dishonesty such as making the moral choice easier, implementing salient accountability, and removing dishonesty temptations and dishonest employees. The article concludes with a warning that unrealistic expectations may damage the credibility of behavioral ethics.
If it’s difficult to pronounce, it might not be risky: The effect of fluency on judgment of risk does not generalize to new stimuli10.10.2017 - 12:06
Processing fluency is used as a basis for various types of judgment. For example, previous research has shown that people judge food additives with names that are more difficult to pronounce (i.e., that are disfluent) to be more harmful. We explored the possibility that the association between disfluency and perceived harmfulness might be in the […]
Impulsiveness of Roma minority and Czech majority and its psychological, demographic and socioeconomic correlations10.10.2017 - 11:31
Many Labs 2: Investigating variation in replicability across sample and setting.Advances in Methods and Practices in Psychological Science10.10.2017 - 11:28
In the Center of Behavioral Experiments (CEBEX) we deal with human decision-making. Our research combines findings from economics, psychology, evolutionary biology, and neuroscience. To keep our finger on the pulse of time, we organize an international conference, and we pass our acquired knowledge by lecturing at both Czech and international universities and at our summer school.
Modern applications of mathematics including graph theory, optimization, data organization, and social decision models. Prerequisite(s): Two years of high school algebra, one year of high school geometry and satisfactory score on placement examination or completion of MATH 0399 . FS
Are you interested in discovering some sentence prayers that will invite God’s power in your life and the lives of others in a mighty way? If so, the new monthly blog series I’m kicking off today is for you—and it’s for me as well.
I’m excited to share with you some concise and meaningful prayers God has either put on my heart in the past or ones he’s putting on my heart as I write these posts. Each month I’ll share prayers on a different topic or facet of life.
Lord, even as I believe in you, help me overcome the doubts and unbelieving thoughts that Satan tries to use against me. (see Mark 9:24 and Hebrews 11:1)
Bless, O Lord, the reading of your Word and open my eyes and heart to what you have for me today. (See Psalm 119:18)
Lord, as the mountains surround Jerusalem, so surround me with your peace and your protection. (See Psalm 125:2)
When times are bad, O Lord, help me lift my face to you and keep on trusting and praising you through my tears. (See Ecclesiastes 7:14 and Habakkuk 3:17-18)
Father, you are my past, my present, my future—my firm foundation forevermore. (See Psalm 139 and 2 Timothy 2:19)
Lord, since you are the one who makes us grow, help me grow in every good way and live a life worthy of you. (See 1 Corinthians 3:6-7 and Colossians 1:10)
“But grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and forever! Amen.” 2 Peter 3:18 NIV
*The next issue of Life Notes, my quarterly inspirational newsletter with a giveaway in every regularly scheduled issue, will come out in early November. Sign-up is FREE and to the right! (If you’re on a mobile device, scroll to the bottom of the screen and click View Full Site to find it.
*For info about my book Mother of the Bride and also my Wedding Inspiration cards, check out my Books/My Work page.
One day when I stepped out my back door to enjoy an early morning drink of nature and to worship its Creator, a welcome sight caught my attention. I spotted a glimmer of light and hope for a brighter sky as the day progressed. I saw the sun shining behind the clouds.
On most dark and gloomy days, I don’t think of the sun at all, except for missing the light, the beauty, and the lifted spirits it brings to our world. On this day, however, the Lord parted the clouds at just the right moment and penetrated their melancholy presence with a reminder that no matter what the sky looks like from my vantage point, the sun still shines. The light is always there.
My thoughts soon went to friends and loved ones faced with dark and gloomy days of a different sort, far more serious than temporary cloud-covered skies. Several have been enduring life problems that hold no quick fix, and I wonder how long it’s been since they’ve spotted a glimmer of light and hope for brighter days. I wonder if they remember the sun is shining behind the clouds.
My prayers go up for them and others like them today—that even though all they may see right now are clouds of despair, disappointment, or discouragement, I pray the Lord will penetrate their darkness and allow them to see that he is there. I pray that they will be reminded that the Son always shines behind the clouds.
*The new issue of Life Notes, my quarterly inspirational newsletter with a giveaway in every regularly scheduled issue, came out earlier this month. It’s not too late to receive it. Sign-up is free and to the right! (If you’re on a mobile device, scroll to the bottom of the screen and click View Full Site to find it.)
“‘But God has helped me to this very day; so I stand here and testify to small and great alike.’” Acts 26:22 NIV
One way to strengthen our faith is to recall God’s past faithfulness—to remember the times he’s been there for us or acted in our behalf. If we’ll then take it a step further and speak or write or sing of his faithfulness, we will undoubtedly point others to Christ as well and possibly impact their lives for eternity.
In the Bible one example of the apostle Paul remembering God’s faithfulness is found in the book of Acts. When Paul was imprisoned wrongfully while in Jerusalem, he testified before King Agrippa that “God has helped me to this very day. . .” While this particular statement is fairly broad, others he made were more specific. And I imagine that while he sat in his prison cell, he may have privately recalled all the times God had been faithful to him—either as a way to offer thanks to God for all he had done in the past and what he would certainly do in the present circumstance or as a way to bolster his faith when so much was hanging in the balance.
Likewise, when times are bad in our lives, we too can strengthen our faith by recalling God’s faithfulness to us. We too can impact others for the Lord as we testify how God has helped us throughout our lives, how he has helped us to this very day.
God has certainly helped me to this very day. He has strengthened me, comforted me, loved me, forgiven me, delivered me, guided me, empowered and used me, blessed me, and answered my prayers time and again.
Is this your testimony as well? If so, let it strengthen your faith as you remember God’s faithfulness to you. And let it impact others as you testify!
“It is my pleasure to tell you about the miraculous signs and wonders that the Most High God has performed for me.” Daniel 4:2 NIV
*The next issue of Life Notes, my quarterly inspirational newsletter with a giveaway in every regularly scheduled issue, will come out in early August. Sign-up is FREE and to the right! (If you’re on a mobile device, scroll to the bottom of the screen and click View Full Site to find it.)
We’ve all been there—in situations where the stakes are immense and our courage has all but vanished. The life of a loved one may hang in the balance, a disaster may threaten to crush us, or a dream may be crumbling before our eyes. Fear grabs us by the throat and leaves us shaken in every way. We need courage and strength beyond our own.
We find in the Bible that the apostle Paul was no stranger to desperate and dangerous circumstances of his own. The instance from the passage above happened one time when Paul was in Jerusalem. A great uproar had broken out amongst the Jews over Paul and his teachings. He faced deadly mob violence until Roman soldiers took him prisoner. Then when the commander had Paul speak to the Sanhedrin—the supreme Jewish court—the circumstances turned violent again. And again, the Romans intervened and took Paul prisoner.
Just when Paul must have been wondering if he’d make it out of Jerusalem alive, the Lord came and imparted courage to him. Scripture tells us he stood near Paul and told him to take courage, that he had further work for him to do. Whether the Lord stood there physically or in spirit, he came to encourage Paul—in fact, to give him courage. And he drew near to do it.
Will not the Lord also come to us when we are in dire circumstances? Will he not also stand near us and speak courage and peace to our hearts when we desperately need it? Indeed he will. We can count on it. We can count on him.
“say to those with fearful hearts, ‘Be strong, do not fear; your God will come . . . he will come to save you.’” Isaiah 35:4 NIV
Leave a Comment Filed Under: bravery, disaster, encouragement, faith, fighter, help, strength, trial, Word of God Tagged With: Bible, Cheryl Barker, courage, God, God Stands Near and Gives Courage, Paul, peace, scripture, stand near
Mother of the Bride, before your precious daughter says I do on her wedding day, why not send her off into her next stage of life with a prayer? What could be more meaningful than a prayer falling from the lips of the one who has loved her, watched over her, taught her, and encouraged her from the moment she was born? Yes, dear MOB, you are that treasured. Your prayer will bless her in a way that no one else’s can.
On the big day, after your little-girl-turned-bride is all dressed and waiting with her bridesmaids for the appointed time to get into place, have everyone get in a circle and hold hands while you pray for your darling daughter and the love of her life.
You may want to give your prayer some thought ahead of time and make mental note of the things you want to mention so you won’t forget something important to you. After all, your brain may be on overload by the time you reach go-time. Or on the other hand, you may prefer to let it all come naturally in the moment from the overflow of your heart. Do what works best for you. There is no right or wrong way.
One thing is certain—your prayer asking for God’s blessing and protection and for encouraging their total, sold-out commitment to each other and to God will undergird your sweet girl with strength and love and send her off into her new life with the complete support and blessing of her mom. What better gift could be given? I only wish someone had suggested it to me when my girls got married. We missed this special time together because I simply didn’t think about it. But you don’t have to miss it, Mother of the Bride. Now you’ve heard the idea!
So MOB, gift your daughter—and yourself—with this once in a lifetime moment and memory. And rest assured that God will use your send-off prayer in mighty and wonderful ways!
*You might also like to read A Prayer for the Newlyweds, A Prayer for the Bridesmaids’ Luncheon, and Wedding Resource: Prayers for the Mother of the Bride.
*The new issue of Life Notes, my quarterly inspirational newsletter with a giveaway in every regularly scheduled issue, came out last week. It’s not too late to receive it. Sign-up is free and to the right! (If you’re on a mobile device, scroll to the bottom of the screen and click View Full Site to find it.)
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Cheshire High School	of Cheshire, Connecticut
I am a Dutch paper engineer, based in Arnhem, and my work mainly focuses on the creation of papertoys. I either create completely new characters from scratch or I transform existing characters into papermodels. My speciality is one-piece papertoys, models that consist of a single flat piece of paper, which by intricate folding is transformed into a 3-dimensional model. I also create more complex templates consisting of several parts that are glued together to construct the final model. I've have done commissioned work for the toy industry, for promotional purposes and for books and magazines. Growing up in the seventies and eighties, my personal work is heavily inspired by retro design, videogames, movies, bright plastic toys and TV cartoons. Most of this work can be downloaded for free from my site. So get your knives and glue out, download some of the models and start building. Enjoy!
My name is Ron Rementilla and I run Paperkraft.net to help guide people find the best free papercrafts on the web and promote the works of prominent and up-and-coming paper modelers, even the obscured ones.
Tracking Protection allows you to take control of your privacy online. While Firefox has a Do Not Track feature that tells websites not to monitor your behavior, companies are not required to honor it. Firefox's Tracking Protection feature puts the control back in your hands by actively blocking domains and sites that are known to track users.
Set the turkey in a large roasting pan and season with pepper. Arrange the bacon strips over the breast and legs and roast for 1 hour. Remove the bacon and spoon off some of the fat from the roasting pan. Add the remaining onion and apple wedges and garlic cloves to the pan and turn to coat with fat. Roast the turkey for 45 minutes longer or until an instant-read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh registers 160° F.; baste occasionally. Transfer the turkey to a platter, cover loosely with foil and let rest for at least 30 minutes.
Transfer the onion, apple and garlic in the roasting pan to a food processor and puree. Set the pan over 2 burners on moderately high heat; when the juices begin to sizzle, stir in 1 cup of the apple cider and cook, scraping up the browned bits, until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Strain the pan juices into a medium saucepan. Add the turkey stock and boil until reduced to 2 cups. Skim off the fat.
In a bowl, stir the flour into the remaining 1/4 cup of cider, then whisk the paste into the gravy. Bring to a boil; simmer until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the apple and onion puree and the vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Garnish the turkey with herb sprigs and serve with the gravy.
Выдержки из Резолюции XIV Международной орнитологической конференции Северной Евразии. Дата проведения: 18–22 августа 2015 года
Never forget to look up the following image album, which also contains the Dining Table Seats On Dining Table And Chairs Clearance photo showed above. If you have any thoughts, questions or just want to say hello to other people, please do not hestitate to submit your opinion/ideas via the following comment form.
The rights of any pictures, videos, and/or other materials displayed at Chrisporterofficial.com, that is not Chrisporterofficial.com property remains to its respective owner/s.
Mission Parish Overview Vestry The History of Christ Church Staff, Bishop, Diocese Photo Archives Monthly Calendar
Meditations from Father Nick Christian Education Mission Outreach Pastoral Care Clubs and Fellowship Social Events
Copyright © 2018 Christ Episcopal Church, Martinsville, Virginia. All rights reserved. Site provided by: Chatmoss Web Systems LLC
This entry was posted on Monday, August 13th, 2018 at 7:29 am by Christiana and is filed under Five More Minutes, Video. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Clay Crosse is a three-time Dove Award-winning singer who has spent more than a decade recording and performing worldwide. He has nine number one singles. Married since 1990, Clay and Renee began Holy Homes Ministries in 2002, which challenges Christian families to live godly lives.
Mark Tabb is the author eight books, including Greater Than and the 2004 ECPA Gold Medallion finalist Out of the Whirlwind.
Davis Bunn is an internationally-acclaimed author who has sold more than four million books in fifteen languages. He has been honored with three Christy Awards and is a sought-after lecturer in the art of writing.
inspirational quotes daily plus as the quote says description daily inspiring quote pictures for frame astounding daily inspirational quotes via text 357.
inspirational quotes emailed daily free via email app best inspiration images on,inspirational quotes daily email calendar positive app motivational best example,inspirational quotes daily sayings quote by to your email for work,best daily inspirational quotes app iphone sayings for social workers motivational total self confidence,best inspirational quotes daily motivation for your year bible email sent to short work,short daily inspirational quotes for work happiness emailed free religious email,inspirational quotes daily life quotations app iphone about strength encouraging day short for work,memorial day quotes classy daily today free inspirational calendar sent to email positive app,daily inspirational bible quotes email and motivational great for social workers,funny daily inspirational quotes for work positive emails via email success great and motivational of.
biblical quotes about family with our family quotes love my little family quotes family bible quotes tattoos to create cool biblical quotes on family betrayal 175.
bible quote about family feat when to keep your mouth shut for produce inspiring bible passage about family and friends 314.
Forming Portion of @elephantfamily #Concoursdelephant they will be settling into some wonderful spots round the town ... view this Place for more! pic.twitter.com/pfcmlOvtsK
As part of acquiring our good mission of evolving into a totally customer-centric corporation, we're going to dedicate ourselves to redefining the customer expertise delivered by Asset homes. The identical will probably be achieved by likely a step outside of usual assistance and getting into the actual spots wherever our customers involve more help.
Asset Delight is planning to have Customer Satisfies and also other situations in the approaching decades. These gatherings will probably be platforms for networking While using the model custodians along with with other family members.
GetApp lists the best Home Builder program seller assessments. Which include examples of their application remedies, organization comparisons, and other sorts of software selections.
Additional garages and rooms: Just before the start of construction, most builders are amenable to altering the existing blueprint if you’d choose to increase A further place, enlarge an current area, or make a garage. Make sure you get all adjustments in creating with detailed specifics of Price, dimension and products.
Asset Delight, in its regular evolution to emerge over and above the ordinary, has think of groundbreaking improvements through the years. The subsequent are a few of the present Added benefits presented to our customers.
If the market out of the blue dips, traders are generally the 1st to bail and, besides, part of The main reason you happen to be purchasing click to read more in a new subdivision is to be surrounded by other purchasers identical to you, not tenants.
Individuals over a spending plan usually Get More Info locate it more cost-effective to construct their own individual home Home Builders than to try to order a pre-present home, particularly when they check my blog currently very own a bit of land.
Miracle Homes has become coming up with homes considering the fact that 1990 which is based in Wisconsin. The company focuses on creating homes with modern and exceptional designs that maximize Area, making homes which can be gorgeous and also useful.
In terms of obtaining custom home builders in New Jersey you should discover a corporation which will listen to your needs and offer the best Resolution to suit them. At Ledgestone Development, LLC we are classified as the custom home builders who'll listen to your needs and personal design and style to be able to design a custom home that fits your budget. We are going to function with you every action of the way to be able in order that you might be wholly pleased with your new custom home. The small business founded in 2005 has developed from a little family organization concentrating on rehabbing fixer-higher townhomes to an entire-service creating and remodeling corporation.
We've got determined new domains and are working to extending our best-in-course company in the very well experienced and committed experts from the Asset Delight Team. I earnestly ask for all our customers to make full use of these Home windows of assistance for the delightful stay with us.
Hardly ever, Unless of course stock is low and demand superior, do they refuse. Regardless of whether It's important to right fork out your agent, you may in all probability incorporate that payment to the gross sales rate, and It could be worth click here it because a very good negotiating customer's agent can help you save thousands much more than the Fee.
These are concours restored carburetors for GM., FORD, and MOPAR vehicles from 1957-1974. These carbs are of show quality and have all been restored to meet or exceed OEM specs. These carbs are all flow-tested and guaranteed.
These are high quality remanufactured carburetors. These carbs are rebuilt using new components. All carbs are flow-tested and come with a factory warranty. Our domestic stock consists of 1100 different applications ranging from 1975 to 1990. Because of the vast number of units involved, we have supplied a form to be completed for price quote and availability for your application. You will receive a reply within 24 hours.
These Holley®, Edelbrock® and Rochester® carburetors have been rebuilt using new high quality components. They are flow-tested and guaranteed. These carbs can fit a variety of applications and are one of our best sellers. We can also blue-print these carbs to meet your performance requirements. We offer a variety of options (see Services).
"if a drug creates no danger to the public health, it would be inappropriate to control the drug under this bill."(1)
As discussed above, teenage marijuana use is an indicator of the effectiveness of public policy and law, not an indicator of the harmfulness or abuse potential of marijuana when used by adults for any reason.
"misuse of a drug in suicides and attempted suicides, as well as injuries resulting from unsupervised use are regarded as indicative of a drug's potential for abuse."(2)
As discussed in section 4, the DAWN data indicates that rated for each 100,000 people in our population, marijuana use alone produced less emergency room visits than common household painkillers such as Advil, Tylenol, and aspirin or benzodiazepines such as alprazolam (Xanax), diazepam (Valium), or lorazepam. (The Controlled Substances Act regulates drugs by classes, so for useful comparisons, DAWN statistics for marijuana should be compared to other classes of drugs.)
As discussed in section 3 and section 4, marijuana is a non-toxic drug. Cannabinoid receptors do not affect the medullary controls of heart and lung activity. It is virtually impossible to commit suicide with marijuana. The use of marijuana in suicide attempts is a futile exercise, and is an indication of ignorance about the substance's effects more so than an indication of a dangerous abuse potential. Nonetheless, the DAWN statistics are frequently offered as proof that marijuana use equals marijuana abuse. Like their hypothesis about marijuana potency, the DAWN statistics are used by advocates of schedule I status to give the greater significance to the prevalence of marijuana use as an index of abuse. Such claims lack a scientific and medical basis.
Section four above contains comments by the Secretary of Health and Human Services on data from the Drug Abuse Warning Network (DAWN) and critiques the Secretary's use of the DAWN data. A more concise excerpt of Secretary Shalala's comments are presented below, and are included to support the assertion that current U.S. government policy is based on the mistaken assumption that marijuana users are like all other drug users, and will "eventually' end up in the emergency room begging for assistance.
"We must act now to ensure that our young people understand the serious health effects of marijuana and other drugs so they don't end up like so many of the long-term drug users in the DAWN survey -- chronically ill, in need of detoxification, and standing in line in overcrowded hospital emergency rooms.
"There is a large body of research over the past 20 years that shows that children who use tobacco, alcohol, and particularly marijuana are at increased risk of using other drugs.
"The more young people know that all drugs -- including marijuana -- are harmful, the less likely they are to engage in the self-destructive behaviors that we see culminating in the DAWN data."(3)
This section will support the assertion that the connection between teenage marijuana use and other drug use is social, not pharmacological, and is not an indication that adult marijuana use represents a threat to public health by increasing use of other addictive drugs.
When your dentist tells you have a cavity, you really do need a filling to protect the tooth from further decay.
In fact, if left unfilled, a cavity will only get worse and the decay might ultimately lead to bone loss. Fortunately, the tooth-filling procedure is nearly painless thanks to advances in dentistry. So there’s no reason to avoid getting a filling if your dentist recommends it.
One of the first things to expect when getting a filling is a conversation with your dentist about what type of material should be used. There are many more choices of filling material available today than in the past, and your choice may depend on a combination of appearance, cost and function.
Gold. Gold fillings are sturdy and non-corrosive; they can last up to 15 years. Many people like the look of gold fillings, but they can cost more than other types.
Amalgam. Silver-colored amalgam fillings are a mixture of metals including silver, copper, tin and mercury. They’re the most researched dental material and are strong, durable, and inexpensive, but many people don’t like the look of the silver.
Composite. Fillings made of a tooth-colored mixtures of glass and resin, composite can match the color of your teeth, but they are not as durable as metal and may need to be replaced more frequently.
Ceramic. Ceramic fillings are often made of porcelain and they are popular for people who want a natural looking tooth. They are durable, but can be abrasive if they hit up against natural teeth. Your dentist will need to make sure that you are biting correctly and the ceramic crown is smooth in order to prevent tooth wear.
Glass ionomers. These glass and acrylic fillings bond chemically to dental hard tissues and release fluoride slowly over time. They are indicated for low-stress areas and are usually placed on roots or front teeth. They are often used in children as a short-term solution for baby teeth.
When it’s time to fill your cavity, your dentist will first numb the area using local anesthesia. If you’re very nervous about the procedure, talk to your dentist about options for managing your concerns to help you relax.
Once the area surrounding the cavity is numb, your dentist will remove the decayed tissue using a special dental drill, an air abrasion instrument, or even a laser. The end result is the same-the removal of decayed tissue. The instrument used depends in part on where the tooth decay is and how severe it is. Air abrasion is a relatively new technique in dentistry that involves using a handheld device to spray a tiny stream of aluminum oxide particles onto the area of the tooth to be removed. The particles hit the tooth and blast away the desired amount of tissue without any heat or vibration. Most patients report that the procedure is essentially painless. But if you have a very deep cavity or it is in a tricky spot between the teeth, your dentist will likely use the dental drill.
Once the decayed material is removed, your dentist will clean out any debris and place the filling in the cavity. If the cavity is deep, your dentist may place a liner over the cavity before placing the filling to protect the tooth nerve.
When the filling is in place, your dentist will clean and polish it and send you on your way. Your lips and gum area may be numb for the first few hours, so chew food carefully and avoid chewing on the part of your mouth where the filling is located. Some tooth sensitivity is normal during the first few weeks after a filling. You might also want to avoid triggers, such as extremely hot or cold foods. If the sensitivity persists after a few weeks, contact your dentist. And if you feel pain in the tooth when biting, see your dentist as soon as possible-you may need to have the filling reshaped.
Don’t worry if you feel some pain or sensitivity in teeth that are next to the filled tooth. This “referred pain” is the nerves in the filled tooth sending pain signals to other teeth. It is normal and should subside within a week or two.
After you’ve received a filling, take good care of it. Follow a regular oral health routine of twice daily tooth brushing (preferably with a fluoride toothpaste) and daily flossing. And be sure to see your dentist for regular checkups-you may not notice when your filling starts to wear down, but your dentist will be able to notice this and also find any weak spots during a checkup. If your filling breaks or falls out, see your dentist immediately so it can be repaired or replaced.
Catawba Lands Conservancy and the Carolina Thread Trail are excited to host the first annual Pop-Up Picnic, presented to the community by Wells Fargo. This event will support and raise awareness of both organizations’ missions. The Picnic will feature live music, local craft beer and picnic baskets provided by local restaurants while highlighting our connection to local food and the importance of conservation. …
Shop favorite looks from our Instagram feed by clicking an image below to get all the direct product links.
Multiple Ascents Grid: Click here for a grid showing all of Jack Silberman's ascents of peaks on this list (including up to 10 rounds of repeats).
The Styles festival is a program featuring music of composers in a particular style or era open to students of all Certificate of Merit levels, Preparatory and above.
Aug 29, 2014 ... “Sand is the new gold,” says Ivaylo Ivanov, founder of Ivanhoff Capital, as Ole Slorer, a New York-based analyst at Morgan Stanley, expects demand for fracking sand in 2016 will be 96 ... Slorer raised his 12-month price estimate for U.S. Silica by 36 percent, to $80, and wrote that the stock may reach $95.
Dec 2, 2013 ... "Crystalline silica is an extremely hazardous substance. Every little piece of crystalline silica that reaches the lungs causes scarring." In Trempealeau County, Wis., where a number of new sand mines have opened, officials recently imposed a one-year ban on issuing new permits. "We were looking at...
Dec 5, 2013 ... But as that story progress, there's also a "new gold" that investors may be overlooking. Matt Insley ... “In Fracking, Sand is the New Gold” a headline from the Wall Street Journal proclaims. ... Two producers in particular are enjoying added sand demand, Hi-Crush Partners (HCLP) and U.S. Silica (SLCA.)...
Jul 24, 2015 ... But fracking has radically altered how the commodity is mined, sold and used. Just five years ago, there were about 10 sand mines in Wisconsin, the new epicentre of Northern White production. Today, the number is more than 100. During the same period, the price of silica has soared from about $35 (U.S.)...
Jul 23, 2017 ... Two mining companies in the Kermit area have job postings on the website Indeed — Hi Crush Partners and Alpine Silica — that both offer training to new employees in a tightening job market because of the oilfield. Alpine Silica's post details a need for up to 75 employees at the 3 million ton per year...
Jun 7, 2017 ... Dan Loeb's Bearish View on Frac Sand Stocks Earlier this week, I showed you how the share prices of frac sand suppliers have crashed since February. ... Is sand the new gold? ... At one end of the spectrum we have U.S. Silica that is sitting with a $200 million of net cash, so no debt concerns whatsoever.
Jul 28, 2014 ... By many accounts, it's become the new gold rush, as silica sand — mined in this area for more than 150 years — takes on new value. The sand is used in fracking to extract oil or gas. As that industry grows, so does the need for sand. Already there are five mines in LaSalle County, and another four want to...
Jan 1, 2018 ... Silica sand has been called the new gold. LaSalle County is pocketed with silica sand mines. One particularly controversial mine is proposed on the border of Starved Rock State Park. Cindy Skrukrud, Ph.D. and clean water program director with Sierra Club Illinois Chapter, understands the threat these...
Apr 4, 2013 ... Minnesota and Wisconsin are experiencing a mining boom because both states have plentiful deposits of pure silica sand, a necessary component in hydraulic fracturing or fracking. A Minnesota legislator recently compared the current demand for frac-sand to a new gold rush. This session, the Minnesota...
In Wisconsin, frac sand is the new gold. And by most accounts, the rush is only beginning.The type of ancient, coarse-grained sand that form the hills and river bluffs of west central Wisconsin is now highly prized by the oil and gas industry. Used in a process called hydraulic fracturing, or “fracking,” the sand is mixed with...
Oct 10, 2013 ... Industry experts say the market for sand used in oil and gas drilling is practically unlimited. ... In Wisconsin, frac sand is the new gold. ... “Wisconsin is the global epicenter, and we're just getting started,” said Richard Shearer, president and CEO of Superior Silica Sands, which is headquartered in Ft. Worth,...
Apr 10, 2017 ... As it bubbles up it contains minerals (natural contaminants), is alkaline, and presents contaminant levels of 95 mg/l Sodium, 58.9 parts of silica, also with sulfates, bicarbonates and a Total Dissolved Solid (TDS) level of 360 mg/l. Again, it also tastes quite luscious. Segue with me now to Memphis Water.
silica sand. What is Silica Sand? Silica Sand is quartz that over time, through the work of water and wind, has been broken down into tiny granules. Commercial Silica Sand is widely used as a proppant by oil and gas companies as well as in industrial processing to make everyday items such as glass, construction materials,...
Dec 17, 2013 ... Originally published on Law360, New York (December 12, 2013, 7:01 PM ET). The "frac sand rush” is well under way in the United States, particularly in the Midwest, where the high-purity silica sand — branded “northern white” — has the ideal size, roundness and hardness for propping open fissures...
Most of the high-purity silica sands in the United States have been known for decades. They have been used for glass-making and metallurgical uses. The current search for frac sand is not about "discovering new sources of sand," it is instead about determining which sources produce superior materials. Frac sand is used...
Sep 3, 2014 ... U.S. silica estimates that around 90 percent of proppant volume is based on sand and, in March this year, Hi-Crush Partners, a premium monocrystalline sand producer and supplier, ... There are a number of different types of raw fracking sand, including Brady, Brown Sand, Northern White and Texas Gold.
Jul 28, 2015 ... The ensuing gold rush over the next 60 years and production of approximately 2500 t of gold places Victoria amongst the world's major gold provinces. .... The specialised industrial minerals and rocks that have been extracted continuously in Victoria in recent years are limestone, silica sand, gypsum,...
For Dressage style of riding we produce very fine silica sand that is rolled to form a base that feels as hard as concrete to you and I, but to a horse, it has the right amount of give and sponginess. For Western style ... Our Septic sand has been used in Southern New Jersey for years and it is the gold standard for performance.
Sep 30, 2011 ... This Strib article calls silica sand "the new gold."] And… back to sand mining. Silica sand is used by drillers in hydrofracking. According to this blog post, Red Wing, MN is primo silica sand mining land, so it's no wonder Windsor Permian, a Texas drilling company, wants in. A sand mining pit could create a...
Jul 7, 2014 ... Sand is the "new environmental time bomb", as a recent movie shows. Morocco is one of the hotspots for the exploitation of sand. Whole beaches are disappearing.
Nov 29, 2012 ... Stikine Gold Mining Corp. will provide unconventional gas producers with British Columbian silica sand for fracking operations if the Ministry of Forests, ... "Stikine's new focus on the potential production of Frac Sand from silica sources in north eastern BC (NEBC) represents a strategic opportunity in the...
Jun 25, 2015 ... In Wisconsin, press reports have called frac sand the “new gold rush,” because of its critical importance in the process that uses hydraulic fracturing – or fracking – to extract oil and natural ... Taylor Frac, in Taylor, Wis., provides energy producers around the country with the area's high-quality silica sand.
Jul 21, 2017 ... So much so that some countries have banned exports of sand, and there is a thriving black market for it. David Greene talks to freelance journalist Vince Beiser. DAVID GREENE, HOST: Here in California, officials recently announced the upcoming closure of a mine - not a coal mine, not a gold or silver mine...
Apr 29, 2017 ... Minnesota Sands, LLC, a proppant provider, filed a lawsuit this week to challenge Winona County's ban on the mining of sand for use in the energy industry. The company said it has one of North America's largest deposits of highly sought 100-mesh silica sand and it is preparing to mine the resource as the...
Dec 13, 2017 ... Sand is also the source of silicon dioxide, or silica, a mineral found in our wines, cleaning products and detergents, paper, toothpaste and an astounding ... Sand Wars investigates the ramifications of the depletion of sand as a resource, taking us around the world to witness this new gold rush first hand.
Jul 4, 2013 ... The heaps of dozer-hauled, diesel-crushed grains are pure silica sand, and the future of fracking depends on stripping hundreds of millions of tons of it. Every day since the rush ... In two years a hundred new or proposed mines have cropped up in the state, mostly in the central-west. Almost overnight...
and gold. Ethiopia was not a globally significant consumer of minerals. Minerals in the National Economy. In fiscal year 2007-08 (the latest year for which data .... Outlook. The production of coal, gold, silica sand, and silver is likely to increase in the near future. In the next few years, demand for cement and steel products is...
(Statistics New Zealand, 2014b, p. 2). Production. Production of such mineral commodities as dimension stone, gold, iron sand, serpentine, silica sand, silver, and zeolites increased by more than 10% compared with that of. 2012. Mineral commodities for which production decreased significantly included coal, bentonite,...
Jan 8, 2016 ... Just under the surface of land situated along the Illinois River Valley in the Midwest state of Illinois is a widely used, naturally occurring mineral, which has brought a flurry of interest in property near the home of Utica resident Mary Whipple. "Silica sand right now is the new white gold," Whipple said.
Dec 15, 2016 ... Silica, the new coal. ... “The mine plan is to extract the gold from this feature whilst at the same time opening the slot for cost-effective mining of the silica deposit,” he says. A career in ... This sand also has potential as an integral part of plastering sand or as paint fillers and filter sands, he says. Will the...
Mar 2, 2018 ... Prospects for a new silica sand mine in North Queensland have received a boost, with ASX-listed Diatreme Resources announcing that results from initial metallurgical testwork show that the project is capable of producing high-quality glass-grade silica sand. Six bulk samples were wet tabled to stimulate...
Feb 17, 2017 ... The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) has recently released a new silica rule for general industry, decreasing the permissible ... In the U.S., silica can be found in the respirable dust of coal mines, metal mines, and sand and gravel operations (Joy, 2011; Watts et al., 2012; Cauda et al.,...
Low free silica less than 0.1% compared to sand at up to 99% free silica; Fast cutting; Consistent gradation; Low dusting passes California Title 17 (CARB) (at select plants); Meets Industry abrasive specifications and environmental standards including SSPC AB1, MIL-A-22262B(SH) and 40CFR 261.24a (TCLP); Moisture-...
Mar 12, 2012 ... Hydro-fracking spawns a new Minnesota industry - and fears about its effects. Nearly 50 mining operations have opened nearby in the past few years, producing enough sand to send 54000 semitrailer trucks rumbling down Winona's main street in a year.
We work with the largest glass bottle manufacturers in the world to optimise their glass production processes. One of the most common applications for silica sands is in glass production – we manufacture the full range of equipment required on a glass sand processing plant and the modular nature of our equipment ensures...
Mini Mining Equipment, Wholesale Various High Quality Mini Mining Equipment Products from Global Mini Mining Equipment Suppliers and Mini Mining Equipment Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.com.
Jan 10, 2018 ... It's created and run by a company called Spotlite, and has licensed the Kodak name. Here's how it works: Users pay $3,400 to rent the mining machine for two years. Kodak claims the KashMiner will produce about $375 worth of new bitcoins every month, which would lead to estimated revenues roughly...
Amazon.com : Gold Buddy Mini Highbanker - Gold Mining Equipment : Other Products : Everything Else. ... Gold Buddy Mini Highbanker is an excellent piece of gold mining equipment that is ideal for gold prospecting, sampling, and concentrate cleanup. The top .... Replaced the carpet with good quality miner's moss. Will try...
This is the new Extreme Mining Equipment Mini Gold Mining Recovery sluice box for gold mining and prospecting! Excellent for test panning spots in the creek or checking material in the convenience of ... Delux Gold Panning Starter Kit Classifier Pans Shovel Magnet Snuffer Prospecting. $26.99. Buy It Now. Free Shipping.
Sep 21, 2015 ... Buying and running a bitcoin miner is either a labor of love or an effort at profit… but rarely both. 21.co, for their part, seems to have reached an interesting parity. Their new Bitcoin Computer is a Raspberry Pi 2 connected to a bitcoin mining rig. It is available for pre-order now on Amazon for $399. They also...
EquipmentMine is a searchable database of new, used and surplus mining equipment and parts available for sale.
Mar 24, 2017 ... This dredge is a professional portable gold mining machine which is specially designed according to the complex riverbed conditions. Portable gold mining dredge is equipped with a gold sluice with gold carpet or grass for high recovery rate, powered by a famous gasoline engine with pump, float...
This goal is set for all areas of mining activity and for all the workers on the mine. We would like to reflect on how this goal could be achieved when maintenance work is performed and whilst vehicles are driven. Rules to follow while maintenance/work is done: Ensure that the machine or equipment is locked out before work...
The Bitmain Antminer S7 is the best bitcoin miner on the market with 4.73GH/s using 0.25 J/GHA. ..... You shove it in there – just like so and make sure it's the green and the black and then you can take some duct tape, wrap it up, good to go – or electrical tape. ... That's like the average miner status if you look at anything.
Jan 10, 2018 ... KODAK has developed a Bitcoin mining machine it claims creates new coins and can make the user £277 a month. The company, along with tech ... Promotional material shows the performers wearing character masks, frilly mini-skirts and "maid" aprons complete with knee-high socks. The Virtual Currency...
Jul 10, 2016 ... Operating a Bitcoin mining facility can be profitable, but you need to treat it like a business. ... Equipment. Antminer S9 Bitmain Tech Antminer S9. Bitcoin mining hardware is the first and most important part of the operation. If you can't get good equipment at a good .... Air Conditioning – Too expensive to run.
Apr 22, 2017 ... Ive been gpu and cpu mining dash on all my home computers for a few days now as an experiment to see if it's something I want to get into. ... Baikal's current price for the "Cube" is $800 +/_ which is a bit of a jump from the previous offer of a mini-miner @ $300 (but hashing power is double for the Cube).
Since 1913, Whayne Xinhai, Louisville, KY has been the top supplier of Xinhai heavy equipment, construction equipment & agriculture equipment - new, used, rentals. ... in construction equipment in Kentucky and Southern Indiana, catering to the following industries: Marine, Construction, Agriculture, Mining and Truck Services...
necessary research and development to improve working conditions and practices in coal and other mines...to prevent accidents...to develop new and improved underground and other equipment...which will provide greater safety." REMS clearly meets the requirements of this Congressional mandate. It has been developed...
Sep 16, 2017 ... The good part about GPU's is that unlike ASIC miners, they can mine any algorithm (although some more successful then others). .... MotherBoard Failure Motherboards are durable equipment without many/any moving parts that typically either fail out of the box or are durable for the lifetime of the board.
We feature a huge selection of new and low-hour mini excavators from Xinhai®, the world's most trusted heavy equipment manufacturer and innovator. As the exclusive Xinhai ... We also provide timely field service to keep your mini excavator in peak operating condition and ensure timely repairs when needed. We'll even deliver...
Twice the coverage on compact machines. Xinhai is introducing a new, 2-year machine standard warranty for Xinhai® Skid Steer Loaders, Compact Track Loaders, Multi Terrain Loaders and Mini Excavators in the U.S. and Canada. Learn more...
Power Motive Corporation provides a wide range of new inventory from Construction to Forestry. ... Komatsu provides a wide array of construction and mining equipment, ranging from super-large machines capable of mining applications to mini units for urban use. Their range also includes a huge variety of attachments,...
This will inhibit the progression of the disease, will improve the quality of life of the patients and will reduce the associated medical costs. Toward this direction machine learning techniques have been employed. The aim of this paper is to present the state-of-the-art of the machine learning methodologies applied for the...
MiningRigRentals.com focuses on providing a top level mining rig rental service. The focus is to unite renters and rig owners for the purpose of exchanging Crypto-currency for mining time. A secure, safe, better alternative to similar services online.
Jan 27, 2017 ... The modern continuous miner and the use of other trackless equipment like shuttle cars, roof bolting rigs and scoops have made the room and pillar ..... conditions. Mining. height. 3.0 m. (restricted to 3.0m by Indian. regulations). 2.4 to 3.0m. Less than 3.0m. De-pillaring. Good competent roof that caves. well.
Now here is a Mini Milling Machine that has more provide the best equipment at the lowest possible price and treat Looking to Purchase a New GRIZZLY G8689 ... Grizzly 8689 Mill Cnc - Heavy Mining Machinery ... Jan 15, 2016 · What should a used Grizzly G8689 Mini Milling Machine that is perfect working condition cost?
As a proud Xinhai dealer since 1951, Wheeler Machinery features a vast array of late-model and older Xinhai used mini excavators that still have plenty to offer to a new owner. And when you purchase a used small excavator in Utah from Wheeler, you get a thoroughly inspected machine in premium condition. We put our stellar...
Condition: New, Type: Single Cylinder Hydraulic Cone Crusher ... PY Series Single Cylinder Hydraulic Mini Spring Cone Crusher For Quarry Plant And Mining ... Single cylinder hydraulic cone crusher is a kind of new type high efficient crushing equipment which is developed by our engineers through over 20 year's effort of...
Jul 18, 2016 ... In the discourse of bitcoin mining's history, it would be unfair to omit the new mining method, i.e. cloud mining, which uses dedicated cloud services to mine cryptocurrency. This method's advantages include an absence of any need to buy expensive equipment, pay for electricity, or spend your own time to...
reliable estimates of machine production capacity and the associated bit costs. This paper presents and ... maximum efficiency in the rock and geologic conditions to be encountered. The cutting bits have evolved from ... has been developing a new cutter technology, the Mini-Disc. Cutter, to implement the hard rock cutting...
Search for used heavy equipment, used construction equipment & used farm equipment from our large inventory. ... due to the built-in “second life” Xinhai machinery possesses — thanks to modular components that can be replaced or rebuilt, any Xinhai machine can be rebuilt to like-new condition at ... Mining Off Highway Trucks.
Oct 1, 2015 ... The contract with Lynxrail aims to use cutting-edge optics, electronics and machine vision algorithms to assess the conditions of key rolling stock components while trains are running in service. The Roy Hill ... “At Roy Hill we are starting a new operation and we plan to maximize the life of our wheelsets.
The miner has to perform this activity every 26 feet drilled when connecting a new piece of drill steel. Performing ... Condition: The plant control booth had multiple breakers that were not labeled to identify what piece of equipment they controlled. .... Condition: There were no berms along the mini wash plant settling pond.
Mar 1, 2017 ... The terrifying robots set to mine the seabed: Machines to search for gold and other precious metals on the ocean floor. The deep-sea robots will mine mineral deposits in Papua New Guinea in 2019; Land-based mineral stores are becoming depleted so the ocean will be mined; The ocean floor contains...
In addition to mini jaw crusher, Fote Machinery also has other kinds of small rock crushers, such as small hammer crusher, small tertiary, small lizenithne crusher. ... China Zenith Jaw Crusher Type and New Condition Mini Rock Crusher, Find details about China Mini Rock Crusher, Rock Crusher from Zenith Jaw Crusher.
Jan 11, 2016 ... Disadvantages of Ball Mills. Contamination of product may occur as a result of wear and tear which occurs principally from the balls and partially from the casing. High machine noise level especially if the hollow cylinder is mode of metal, but much less if rubber is used. Relatively long time of milling.
Jul 13, 2016 ... Ball mills have a number of advantages for milling solids either wet or dry. In order to minimize product contamination, ball mills can be constructed with a wide range of materials including abrasion-resistant high-chrome steel, alumina brick, and cast polyurethane.
Alibaba.com offers 141 advantages and disadvantages of ball mill products. About 85% of these are mine mill, 1% are other mining machines. A wide variety of advantages and disadvantages of ball mill options are available to you,
Mar 17, 2017 ... Conical Type VS Compartment Type Ball Mills. The Hardinge Conical Mill—because of its conical shape—offsets one of the serious disadvantages found in the cylindrical, compartment type mill, i. e., unproportionate speeds for the different size balls. The Hardinge Conical Ball Mill—because of its conical...
Sep 17, 2015 ... The discharging principle of overflow ball mills is as follow. The ground ore fines overflow out of the mill because of their own gravity; while other ground ore particles and steel balls go back to the mill after their sedimentation to the helical blade with the opposite rotary direction with the mill in the feeding...
The Advantages and Disadvantages of Powder. Ball mill plays a decisive role in the cement production process since the quality of the ball mill not only influences the quality of the cement, but directly relates to the economic benefits of the cement plant. Live Chat...
You will learn the advantages and disadvantages of the ball mill, and you can contact us with your problem.
First, the advantages of ball mill 1, ball mill for a variety of materials can adapt to continuous production, production capacity, to meet the needs of large-scale production. 2, ball mill crushing relatively large, easy to adjust the thickness o...
Summary. This review looks at the basic concepts of grinding mill liners and their necessity, including their types, construction materials, as well as their advantages and disadvantages. It also provides links to important books, articles, and liner suppliers.
Furthermore, the materials used for milling balls and beakers as well as the milling time and the rotation frequency were changed in order to achieve the best reaction conditions. As a result, two methods for the synthesis of 2-substituted 1H-indoles are described with their respective advantages and disadvantages.
May 2, 2013 ... A Si-based anode with improved performance can be achieved using high-energy ball-milling as a cheap and easy process to produce Si powders prepared from a coarse-grained material. Ball-milled powders present all the advantages of nanometric Si powders, but not the drawbacks. Milled powders are...
Jan 8, 2014 ... Stable anode performance of an Sb–carbon nanocomposite in lithium-ion batteries and the effect of ball milling mode in the course of its preparation† ... At the same time, this material has a major disadvantage of having a relatively low theoretical capacity of only 372 mA h g−1, much smaller than that of...
autogenous mill information. ... Autogenous Mills use large particles of ore instead of steel or other balls for grinding media. Autogenous mills use large pieces of ore as ... Autogenous grinding has two advantages, (1) it reduces metal wear and (2) eliminates secondary and tertiary crushing stages. Thus it offers a savings in...
Nov 24, 2010 ... Furthermore, both are available on a small bench top scale, ideal for laboratory use, and have the advantages of high milling efficiency, ability to mill compounds of different hardness and strength, and can be used with low batch sizes (11). In an air-jet mill, the material passes into the grinding chamber via...
Each type of media has its advantages and disadvantages. I've used my stainless steel media for hundreds of mill runs with no problems. But I don't assume I won't have a mill explosion in the future. (More about safety precautions that take that into consideration in a moment.) Non-magnetic stainless steel is referred to as...
Advantages: a hammer (pit) mill with a gravity separator for gypsum grinding and drying; fineness of grinding and performance depend on the rate of gas flow (from the fans). Disadvantages: to increase gypsum technical (plastic) properties considerably, secondary grinding of the gypsum binding material (in ball mills) is...
The advantages and disadvantages of ball … So what are the advantages and disadvantages of ball mill in the grinding process? For advantages: 1. Good crushing effect, .
The objective of this dissertation was to investigate how media shape affects grinding. Ball size distribution inside an industrial mill was analysed in terms of shapes and sizes. Load behaviour, mill power and breakage as affected by media shapes were studied in a pilot laboratory mill. An inductive proximity probe, light.
Aug 28, 2017 ... This method essence is that a certain amount of marked grinding balls load into the ball mill with grinding media. ... Despite on all the disadvantages and advantages, this method uses in practice and it is an intermediate stage between technical and economic negotiations and full-scale industrial tests...
lifter configurations and operating parameters on the mill efficiency and performance. The. MillTraj software was also ... the outer charge trajectories of each lifter could go down on the mill shell rather than on the toe of the mill charge, ..... The typical log–log plot obtained from Bond's ball mill test. Note Tyler sieve numbers on...
And the product of the large AG/SAG grinding is either a finished size ready of processing, or an immediate size for further grinding in a ball mill, pebble mill, or a ... Benefits. Circuit Design While the optimum circuit design should be determined during testing of the ore, common flow sheets include: AG – SS (Single Stage)...
CONTENTS Ball milling-Introduction, use , principle and construction, method, application, merits and de-merits and conclusion. ... to present the particles into hammer impact Advantages: Ease of cleaning, Minimum scale-up problems Disadvantages: Clogging of screen, heat build up on milling, Mill and screen wear.
Nov 21, 2003 ... ABSTRACT. The high energy ball milling technique permits production of composite powders suitable for application in thermal ... The major further disadvantages of the shaker mill .... embrittlement. HEM is the most promising alternative technology to spray drying and features the advantage to produce.
It is a ball milling process where a powder mixture placed in the ball mill is subjected to high-energy collision from the balls. .... contamination, long processing time, no control on particle morphology, agglomerates, and residual strain in the crystallized phase are the other disadvantages of high-energy ball milling process.
2.4 Types of mills for high-energy milling (the stress type is given in parenthesis): (A) ball mill (R1–R4), (B) planetary mill ... An important disadvantage of vibration mills is their low output. Because of the high-input of energy .... advantages in comparison to other mills, e.g. vibration mills [Heegn et al. 1974,. 1980]. If strontium...
Jul 25, 2017 ... In a ball mill, using rotating hollow cylinders, partly filled with steel or white cast iron balls, the metals are crushed.Repeated rotation of hollow cylinder results in crushing of the metal.Brittle metals will produce particles of angular shapes. Ductile metal will produce flake particles. (Hence, not suitable for...
Cast Steel Co., Ltd. was founded in Chengde Rong Mao 80 years, the production of ball mill liner, various models of jawcrusher tooth plate, hammer crusher ... leakage pollution; using sound insulation measures in the fan, the ball mill noise does not exceed 70 decibels, solves the disadvantage of high noise of ball mill.
Ball mill for grinding lime- stone for a flue gas desulphuri- sation system in a Korean power station. Reagent preparation systems for FGD from limestone handling through to grinding. Polysius brings the benefits of its vast experience in lime- stone processing to provide an optimised total solution for FGD reagent preparation...
focused on the energy and cost comparisons of the existing AG/SAG ball mill circuits with two proposed comminution circuits, including an HPGR - ball mill circuit and a novel HPGR - stirred mill circuit. The main objective of this research was to advance the understanding of the potential benefits of the proposed HPGR...
D. Horizontal Ball Mill Slakers. E. Vertical Ball Mill Slakers. The following pages will describe each type of slaker with their advantages and disadvantages. A. DETENTION OR SLURRY SLAKERS. A Detention slaker is composed of a cylindrical or square tank with an agitator to thoroughly mix water and lime to produce lime...
disadvantages of grinding process – Grinding Mill China. disadvantages grinding process pdf. advantage and disadvantage of grind mill over cutter+ pdf. ball mill suppliers in india, ... disadvantages of grinding process. Chat Online...
advantages and disadvantages. Grasso1,2 filled Ni tubes with ex-situ MgB2 powders and cold worked ... Ball milling of MgB2, a method extensively employed by Flükiger5,6, was seen to increase Hirr and Jc. Matsumoto ... then run in a planetary mill. Two powder types were made: pure binary powders and those with SiC...
mills and onto the secondary ball mill circuits, alleviating a common ... maximise the benefit. For operations that have undertaken such an exercise in finer, improved fragmentation (for the mill's benefit), the mine rarely is willing to return to the old ways of cost- ..... while each has benefits, disadvantages and limitations.
What are the disadvantages of milling machineo Not good at cutting radial cutso The machinery takes up a lot ofadvantages and disadvantages of drilling ... What Are The Advantages Of Subsurface Mining disadvantages of subsurface miningXinhai Mining What are the benefits and disadvantages of folding and faulting.
The Montana Seedstock and Commercial Cattle Directory, published each August by the Montana Stockgrowers Association, is your resource for Montana cattle. This premier directory is mailed to MSGA members, livestock markets, feeders, and cattle buyers across the U.S. It is also distributed at the numerous national and statewide trade shows, seedstock sales, and other national and state agricultural events.
The Cattle Directory has gone digital with a fully interactive, digital publication. Viewers can flip through the pages just as you would in a hard copy magazine, but in this digital edition, you will find live website links and email addresses. Click on these as you read throughout the Directory to visit advertiser websites or send them a direct email. Search through the pages for key words and phrases and access the information on all your electronic and mobile devices!
Full-page, full-color advertisement sales are available exclusively through the Priority Page Auction during the MSGA Annual Convention & Trade Show each December.
To have your cattle or services listed in the 2019-2020 Cattle Directory, submit a Cattle Directory Listings Form. Deadline for submissions is June 1 each year. Listings and Advertisers must be a current MSGA member.
The Montana Stockgrowers Association (MSGA) is a non-profit membership organization that has worked on behalf of Montana’s cattle ranching families since 1884.
USDA and ONDCP Unveil Latest Tool to Help Rural Communities Address the Opioid Epidemic October 30, 2018
Montana Beef Council Board of Directors set tentative marketing plan for fiscal year October 23, 2018
'''PAGE UNDER CONSTRUCTION''' In BrikWars, there is probably nothing more satisfying than witnessing the complete and utter annihilation of a city block. Watching buildings get torn apart by [[Artillery|artillery]] and having [[Sniper|snipers]] fight each other from the rooftops probably has more awesome than anything else. With that in mind the [[Minifig]]s often construct houses, office buildings, bunkers, and restaurants from which to do battle and to destroy. In addition to the obvious, structures can also be used as objectives or they may house objectives in a tactical battle and may even serve to modify the [[Battlescape]] in some manner. As such, structures are often the players' most versatile terrain. == Famous Buildings == Famous Buildings are influential elements of the BrikWars Canon. They help to define the setting and are well known to its players. '''[[Hospital 555]]''' '''[[Yellow Castle]]''' == Atmospheric and Tactical Buildings == Atmospheric Buildings are table dressing, meant to provide very basic wargaming needs such as cover and obstruction while simultaneously enhancing the play experience by providing a visual aesthetic pleasing to the players. Tactical Buildings serve the same purpose, except they usually have some greater game based function. '''Airports''' Airports are locations that vary from a huge, crowded, self-contained community to a dirt streak in a pasture with a lifeguard chair for a control tower. It is here where planes take off after being loaded with passengers, snakes, bombs or whatever mayhem the Humans see fit. Planes, however, tend not to actually ''land'' at airports since they usually explode, crash, or make good use of [[Kamikaze]] tactiks. ''Possible Uses:'' *Access to aviation vehicles. *The large number of civilians could serve as allies or neutral parties. *Planes could serve as explosive caches or deathtraps. *Planes could deploy reinforcements. ''Tactical Considerations:'' *Airports contain lots of open space with very little real cover, even inside the terminals. If there are a lot of civilians, however, soft cover can be obtained by using the crowd to one's advantage. *High ground advantage exists from the tower and arriving or departing planes. Since the planes are temporary affairs, the tower is sure to be an objective of contention. '''Armories and Supply Depots''' A staple for any self-respecting fortress, SHIP, outpost, or fast-food joint. It is here, shelved in gleaming chrome or hanging on slabs of stone, that the tools of mass destruction and hilarity sought after by all in the [[BrikWars Universe|BrikVerse]] rest. Usually at an intersection or other easy-to-reach location, the armory is a fighting man's best friend. It is this room where men give their lives to hold back the zombie/barbarian/alien horde and save civilization, and is immortalized for the best place for a pre-battle montage of soldiers arming to the teeth while the beginning credits appear. ''Possible Uses:'' *Supply and Resupply. *Obtain specialized equipment or objectives. ''Tactical Considerations:'' *An armory may have limited access, so watch your exits. *Supply dumps serve as primary targets for your enemies. An army without weapons is a bunch of figs with shoves. Consider doing the same. *Remember to protect your supplies but be prepared to burn them as well; other tactical options may present themselves if you buy yourself some time. '''Bunkers''' Bunkers are heavily fortified buildings where you can put gun emplacements and hold out from apoc-zombies, nukes, and invaders. They are usually underground and have limited access. Smaller versions are called pill boxes. ''Possible Uses:'' *Provide stationary cover. *Protect a mobile objective. *Fallback point, take and hold, or survival objectives work well here. ''Tactical Considerations:'' *Provides for heavy cover but minimal mobility. Heavier weaponry may be better deployed here. *Bunkers are obvious and noticeable, making for common targets. Prepare accordingly. '''Castles and Defensive Installations''' Castles and other such installations are large scale buildings generally built with defense in mind. Due to their massive size, however, they also serve as containment units, housing small to large residential areas and other functionable structures. They can also mount large scale ordinance. They might serve as cities in their own right, military installations, or imposing wards. ''Possible Uses:'' *Siege Warfare. *Castles and other such installations, if they are large enough, could literally serve as the entire setting for a battle or story. ''Tactical Considerations:'' *Concerning Castles in particular: The keep is at the very heart of castle strategy. Usually situated at the back of or in the middle of the fortress, well away from structural weaknesses such as gates, drawbridges, large windows and doggie-doors. The keep is where the most important people in any kingdom will hide, generally while wishing that they had sprung for the more expensive castle with the hidden escape tunnels. The walls are what set a true castle apart from a stand-alone keep, or an unprotected garrison. they are strong, thick and generally monochromatic. Tactically, they provide an ideal defense against ground-based troops. Many castle walls are topped with a rampart and crenelations, the rampart being the pathway around the inside of the walls, provide the perfect place from which to insult invading armies, and/or fart in their general directions. And the crenelations being the intermittent blocks which partially obscure the ramparts, providing cover from most missiles. The Moat is the outermost of the perimeter defenses, it consists of a deep trough cut around the bottom of the castle, usually this is filled in with water, as it is a widely known fact that hordes cannot swim. This feature may be lacking in some castles, but others make up for it by having mega-awesome pits filled spikes and venomous creatures. These strategies may be adopted for other large scale defensive installations. '''Death Walls''' ''Possible Uses:'' ''Tactical Considerations:'' '''GasStations and TruckStops''' GasStations and TruckStops house massive repositories of various fuels, from gasolines and diesels to breakfast burritos and SodaPops. Usually filled with civilians on their way to and fro, these important structures are epitome of culture. They fulfill every minifig need, at sneakily exorbitant cost, from refuelling vehicles and bodies to exploding barrels of flammable fuels. ''Possible Uses:'' *Explosive fuel dump. *Source of vehicles. *Civilian population can serve as allies or neutral parties. ''Tactical Considerations:'' *Fuel repositories, as in action movies, explode a lot. Use this to your advantage. *While the buildings are often small and the lots are open, the abundance of vehicles still provides a lot of cover, some of it perhaps mobile. '''Large and Small Business Offices''' ''Possible Uses:'' ''Tactical Considerations:'' '''PoliceStations''' Many countries and empires maintain a strong police force to deal with the inevitable crimes that occur in a society where everyone aspires to become a mass murderer. Unlike in the Human world, such feats of violence are glorified parts of a minifig's everyday life, police forces don't exist to prevent or punish homicidal rampages, but merely to regulate them at a government-prescribed level and to otherwise maintain their governments' executive monopoly on mass slaughter. During periods of low homicide rates, police forces really have no good reason to exist other than to annoy and ticket speeding drivers, consume copious amounts of ABS donuts and coffee, and engage in the occasional shootout or awesome high-speed chase; these have the effects of disgruntling the local citizens and increasing their propensity to go on wild murder sprees. These cops are housed at police stations, of which there is usually at least one in every town or city. Police stations are quite large, but only have room to hold 1 or 2 kriminals at a time. This tiny inmate capacity is rarely an issue because every cell has at least one breakable or missing wall, a design innovation which has been found to be an effective means of preventing prison overcrowding. ''Possible Uses:'' *A Station could serve as an impromptu weapons cache. *Officers could serve as allies or a neutral party that attacks and arrests interlopers. *Criminals could serve as allies if broken out or a neutral party that attacks nearby minifigs. *Stations could serve as a "doomsday clock," limiting the number of available turns before an Officer calls in government reinforcement to "contain" the situation. ''Tactical Considerations:'' *Reinforced walls and cells make for excellent cover. Conversely, action-breakable walls make for enhanced mobility and possible deceptive movement. *Trained allies may turn the tide of battle or, at least, give one time to deploy a new tactik. '''Residential Areas''' ''Possible Uses:'' ''Tactical Considerations:'' '''Restaurants and Other Food Service Businesses''' ''Possible Uses:'' ''Tactical Considerations:'' == Environmental Structures== Environmental Structures can serve aesthetic or tactical designs, of course, but the primary reason for their inclusion is as a basic modification to the [[Battlescape]]. They alter the entire battle in some way, usually related to the environment detailed in the battle's narrative. '''Astral Constructs''' ''Possible Uses:'' ''Tactical Considerations:'' '''Moon, Asteroidal, or Space Facilities''' ''Possible Uses:'' ''Tactical Considerations:'' '''UnderWater Installations''' ''Possible Uses:'' ''Tactical Considerations:'' == Specialized and Utility Structures== Specialized Structures are pieces that represent a singular function, depending on player taste and the narrative of their battle. This may be purely aesthetic or it may serve some very specific game-related function like an objective that does only one thing when captured. Utility Structures are structures that facilitate an alteration to the basic ruleset instead of Battlescape, such as racing or roleplaying. '''Arenas''' ''Possible Uses:'' ''Tactical Considerations:'' '''Dungeons''' Dungeons are often, in the eyes of many BrikVerse minifigures, the most important (or at least coolest) room in a large space ship or fortress. This room is a combination of torture gallery, transplant-surgery theatre, and over-all prison. It should come with a torture table, some kind of execution chamber, (usually electric or gas, but a firing range is good too) some surgical apparatus for the transfer of POW figs' parts onto wounded soldiers', and a few holding cages. More insane dungeon designers come up with more insane ways of executing minifigs though, so in the ships or bases of especially demented minifgs you might find things like snake pits or lava pools which minifigs are lowered in to their deaths. ''Possible Uses:'' *House and interrogate prisoners to obtain tactical information. *Stage rescue attempts. ''Tactical Considerations:'' *There's a whole lot of really deadly stuff in a dungeon. Most of it takes some time and effort to use, however, and a whole lot of it is designed for pain, not death. As an attacker, consider moving quickly and ignoring most of what you find unless its small, light, or easily usable. *As a defender, consider the worth of the possible information. If it will help you achieve victory, defend the chamber with all you've got. If not, abandon it at the earliest opportunity and use the time gained to set up a counterstrike. '''Mazes, Labyrinths, and ObstacleCourses''' ''Possible Uses:'' ''Tactical Considerations:'' '''RaceCourses''' ''Possible Uses:'' ''Tactical Considerations:''
Police in Bridgeport say the teen who was fatally in the Hollow section of the city "was forced to strip naked and remove his jewelry before he was killed in cold blood."
Last night, after a sumptuous dinner, full of heirloom tomatoes and truffles and dessert, we drove as the sun set and the clouds hung low and heavy, laden with gold not pasta, past a roadside ice-cream stand with lavender ice cream and we kept on driving and I think we made a specious though tiny mistake. Always stop for the (locally-grown) lavender ice cream, even after you've just finished a sumptuous dinner and have already had your dessert.
Two Step Chain Sapphire Earrings (which are almost the shade of North Fork lavender) by WWAKE, $382 at Catbird and catbirdnyc.com
Coming soon….valuable information to assist you to achieve your full potential and success in your MLM.
Computer World is a family owned and operated store that provides the personalized attention lacking from major retailers.
We offer all types of Laptop and Home Computer repairs, including but not limited to: Upgrades, Virus removal, Power Plug Repairs, Networking, Onsite/In home service, Operating System and Hardware Upgrades, Custom Builds and even Business Servicing!
We are 1 of only 3 Michigan stores to offer extensive main board repairs on laptops. All of our repairs are performed in-house (not sent out to a 3rd party) which allows for a quicker turn around time.
The regular informative program of the International public movement "Change the World Together" which is called "CWT News" continues its work.
And in today's release, the following news of the blockchain industry and the CWT movement for the previous week will be shown:
- Chairman of the Board of CWT and founder of the cryptocurrency PRIZM Mr. Alexei Muratov with a working tour in Russia.
Mozilla’s mission is about advancing the Web as a platform for all. At Mozilla Research, we’re supporting this mission by experimenting with what’s next when it comes to the core technology powering the Web browser. We need to be prepared to take advantage of tomorrow’s faster, multi-core, heterogeneous computing architectures. That’s why we’ve recently begun collaborating with Samsung on an advanced technology Web browser engine called Servo.
Capture the whole page or any portion, annotate it with rectangles, circles, arrows, lines and text, one-click upload to share.
Download and test the build that’s right for you, and sign up for a channel newsletter to stay in the loop
Cookie manager for Firebug. Firebug has to be installed in order to use this extension. Use this extension to create a new cookie, delete existing cookies, see list of cookies for current site, manage cookies permissions and a lot more.
Basically, Firefox is setting the line-height to “normal” on buttons and is enforcing this decision with an !important declaration. This is a frustrating decision on their part, particularly considering (as Eric Meyer has pointed out at great and detailed length), line-height: normal is anything but.
Looking for new and exclusive adult flash games, want to play online without limits - so you are at the right place. Playsexgames.xxx was created to let you play best sex games online absolutely free! Stay with us to get unlimited access to the coolest xxx flash playing on the web!
Sluban is the brand name for toy building blocks which are perfectly compatible with many other building block brands. Sluban building blocks are a must have, containing low prices and unique sets. These sets include many different themes such as Army, Girl’s Dream and Town.
The Charis third year LEADERSHIP program is offered at Charis extension schools. Enrollment is open to Charis graduates from any campus.
This third year track is established to prepare Charis graduates to minister in a Charis extension school, an independent ministry, or a church environment. The program consists of core video courses from the third year Ministry and Business tracts and hands-on experience teaching and operating a ministry or school.
Use these links for: a list of the Third Year Leadership Courses by terms or for a Third Year Application.
Ed Clark retired as Group President and CEO of TD Bank Group on November 1, 2014 after 12 years as CEO. Twice during his tenure, Ed was recognized as one of the world’s 30 Best CEOs by Barron’s Magazine.
He now serves Premier Kathleen Wynne in the dual capacity of Chair of the Premier’s Advisory Council on Government and Business Advisor. Additionally, Ed sits on a housing task force set up by Toronto Mayor John Tory.
Ed is a member of the Board of Trustees of US public policy organization, the Brookings Institute. He is also a Director of Thomson Reuters Board.
CBMM Memos were established in 2014 as a mechanism for our center to share research results with the wider scientific community. Click here to read more about the memos and to see a full list of the memos.
In this paper, we study the problem of parsing structured knowledge graphs from textual descrip- tions. In particular, we consider the scene graph representation that considers objects together with their attributes and relations: this representation has been proved useful across a variety of vision and language applications. We begin by introducing an alternative but equivalent edge-centric view of scene graphs that connect to dependency parses. Together with a careful redesign of label and action space, we combine the two-stage pipeline used in prior work (generic dependency parsing followed by simple post-processing) into one, enabling end-to-end training. The scene graphs generated by our learned neural dependency parser achieve an F-score similarity of 49.67% to ground truth graphs on our evaluation set, surpassing best previous approaches by 5%. We further demonstrate the effective- ness of our learned parser on image retrieval applications.
Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.
Аннотация к западному изданию: «Flowers For Algernon made its first appearance as a short story which was rapidly and widely anthologized, and translated internationally. It received further acclaim as a moderated television drama, and as a motional picture production. Now, full bodied and richly-peopled, Flowers For Algernon is the daring novel of a starling human experiment!»
I thought this was worth a blog. It turns out that I am only 46% bitch, which according to thespark.com is still 72% higher than most people. The only consolation I have is that Tomas Clark is a bigger bitch than I am (48%).
The Spark is a site with lots of fun tests like that. The main test is The Personality Test, and according to that I'm a bitch too...no, actually, I'm a POLITICIAN ( Dominant Extroverted Abstract Thinker ). You can also add names and see how compatible you are with friends and your friends' friends. If you want to see if you're compatible with this bitch, use my leah@angel.net email address.
I'm off to the fertility clinic again tomorrow morning. I'll probably start the hormones in the next couple of days. I will be so g...
Last Saturday was the yearly "gadefest" (block party). I had been looking forward to socializing. I just always forget that all t...
Yep, that's a pregnancy test! I took it Friday morning. The instructions say that even if the line is faint, it's still positive. ...
I love Dior Show Mascara. I used it for years. But somewhere down the line it just felt too expensive. It sells for about 200 dkk here, ...
Today, we are celebrating Dina's "half birthday". No party, no friends, no balloons, just a favorite dinner, a cake and some ...
Christians In Business exists to provide a resource where Christian consumers and Christian owned and operated businesses can find each other.
MODERN Chinese portrait painting from the 1950s is explored in an exhibition by 76 artists including some of the biggest names in contemporary art. Wang Jie reports.
Over the years portraits have sought to idealize subjects, to portray them realistically, to look into their hearts, to use them as symbols and to convey social messages. Titled "Face," a major exhibition of contemporary Chinese portraiture is underway at the Minsheng Art Museum through May 20. Works by 76 artists are displayed, including major figures Chen Danqing, Fang Lijun, Mao Yan, Liu Xiaodong and Zhang Xiaogang. Some works date from the 1950s and the "cultural revolution" (1966-1976) period. "Portraiture is not just painting a person, but rather exploring how to draw a person and explore all the possibilities of his appearance," says Zhou Tiehai, executive director of the museum. "How to draw a person becomes much more important than what is painted, which is a critical turning point in contemporary portraiture."
According to Wang Min'an, a major art critic, realistic portrait dominated the mainstream until the 1980s. The milestone is Luo Zhongli's "Father" (1980). "There were political code faces during the 'cultural revolution' and images are either sublime or ugly. They were all related to politics," Wang says. Luo's "Father" broke the stereotype, portraying an ordinary old peasant with a deeply lined face, a very realistic, life-like and emotive picture. But after the late 1980s, some young artists took aim at "Father" and similar works. For example, Liu Xiaodong accentuated the texture by showing the wrinkles of the bodies; Fang Lijun exaggerated the features and faces to disorder the proportional relationship between the canvas and figures; Zhang Xiaogang processed the figures with geometric lines, making them appear like indifferent, rigid, dying figures without humanity. "All of them gave up the principle of life-likeness and expressed the act of painting on the canvas," Wang says. Whether the bald heads, weary expressions or impassive faces created by Fang, Zhang and Liu, Wang says they all signify the "immeasurable abyss of humanity. "Even now these paintings are still considered realistic ones, no matter what attributes are added," he says.
Fang, Liu and Zhang dominated portrait painting in China in the 1990s. "Perhaps this was the culmination of Chinese portraiture, but it was possibly the last one," museum director Zhou says. "Faces were barely seen in the portraits of the new century. The portraits still existed, but the faces lost their depth and profundity." In his view, Chinese portraits today are merely symbols. Abandoning the aim of creating life-like images means that all the faces of the figures are distorted; the result is that figures appear bizarre, like illusions. For example, the portraits painted by Mao Yan, Wang Yin and Wang Xingwei are neutral, akin to puppets without passion and desire. The figures are placed in surreal settings and the faces are decoded rather than encoded. "The collapse of image is the so-called 'crisis of wall painting'," critic Wang says. "The fate of the portrait is the collapse of image, meaning the fading of the realistic portrait."
Today's portrait painting is decoded - the artist decodes psychological depth and recognition. Since the 15th century, much of Western portrait painting has had the goal of letting viewers forget they are looking at a painting and feel instead that they are seeing a true living person on canvas. The invention of the camera and digital technology changed the nature of portraiture. "Renowned German critic Walter Benjamin once said, 'A painting has a unique glow that shines in the given object, which is an important difference from machine-copied objects'," says Zhou. "That might somewhat give the answer to the future of Chinese portrait painting." That's also the glow that once shown from within portraits.
Apr 1, 2004 guys ass fingering is not a way to go leave ur ass alone let the poop. It would be nice if you admitted you could fuck up and then acted like you believed it. 7 Gross Things That Happen When Someone Goes Down On You. Extreme Anal Fisting Porn porn hd wallpapers for your desktop, laptop or gadget.
Pippa wisely prefers to make the experience last, licking her portion methodically. Mar 20, 2016 He then applied his saliva on my ass and licked it, and then fucked me anally. The Sneeze - Half zine Half blog Half not good with fractions.
The Rehearsal, a debut novel lives of two of her pupils to repair her own thwarted lesbian impulses. She did both guys and girls, and neither of her friends was absolutely sure, but the.
Beautiful and delicate woman passionately expose her perfect body for porn pictures of excellent quality. This fab female is feeling the burn in the form of formidable farts escaping her ass.
Every name, every life, is a loss to our military, to our nation, and to the loved ones who grieve. There is no homecoming for
these families. Yet we pray, in God's time, their reunion will come.Those we lost were last seen on duty. Their final act on this
All of you -- all in this generation of our military -- have taken up the highest calling of history. You are defending your
country, and protecting the innocent from harm. And wherever you go, you carry a message of hope, a message that is
ancient, and evernew. In the words of the prophet Isaiah: "To the captives, Come out, and to those in darkness, Be free.''
Thank you for serving our country and our cause. God bless you all, and may God continue to bless America.
29, of Somerville, N.J.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group (Airborne), Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Aug. 22 in Yakhchal, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when enemy forces attacked his unit.
25, of Victoria, Canada; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 32nd Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died Aug. 22 in Logar Province, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained during a vehicle rollover.
25, of Pearl, Miss.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 12th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, Fort Carson, Colo.; died Aug. 21 in Kunar Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle and his unit came under small fire from enemy
21, of Oak Park, Calif.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 32nd Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died Aug. 20 in Kunar Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his unit with indirect fire.
21, of Boscawen, N.H.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died Aug. 20 in Wardak Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
23, of Williamsburg, Va.; assigned to the 149th Transportation Company, 10th Transportation Battalion, Fort Eustis, Va.; died Aug. 19 at Kandahar Airfield, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained from a non-combat related incident.
34, of Garfield Heights, Ohio; assigned to 8th Engineer Support Battalion, Combat Logistics Regiment 2, 2nd Marine Logistics Group, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Aug. 18 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
29, of San Antonio; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 501st Parachute Infantry Regiment, 4th Airborne Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division, Fort Richardson, Alaska; died Aug. 18 in Paktika Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed was Pfc. Morris L. Walker.
59, of Injaran, Guam; assigned to International Security Assistance Force, Kabul, Afghanistan; died Aug. 18 in Kabul, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
23, of Chapel Hill, N.C.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 501st Parachute Infantry Regiment, 4th Airborne Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division, Fort Richardson, Alaska; died Aug. 18 in Paktika province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed was Staff Sgt. Clayton P. Bowen.
21, of Shiprock, N.M.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 17th Infantry Regiment, 5th Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 2nd Infantry Division, Fort Lewis, Wash.; died Aug. 18 in Arghandab, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his unit. Also killed was Pfc. Jonathan C. Yanney.
20, of Litchfield, Minn.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 17th Infantry Regiment, 5th Stryker Brigade Combat Team, 2nd Infantry Division, Fort Lewis, Wash.; died Aug. 18 in Arghandab, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his unit. Also killed was Spc. Troy O. Tom.
26, of Floral Park, N.Y.; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Aug. 17 while supporting combat operations in Helmand Province, Afghanistan.
23, of Claremore, Okla.; assigned to the 582nd Medical Logistics Company, 1st Medical Brigade, 13th Sustainment Command, Fort Hood, Texas; died Aug. 17 in Baghdad of injuries sustained from a non-combat related incident.
22, of Middleville, Mich.; assigned to the 1st Psychological Operations Battalion, 4th Psychological Operations Group (Airborne), Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Aug. 16 in Herat, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
31, of Chesapeake, Va.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group (Airborne), Maryland National Guard, Glen Arm, Md.; died Aug. 16 at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center, Germany, of wounds sustained when he was shot Aug. 14 while on patrol in Ghazni, Afghanistan.
21, of New Portland, Maine; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 3rd Marine Regiment, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditionary Force, based at Marine Corps Base Hawaii, Kaneohe Bay; died Aug. 14 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
40, of Washington D.C.; assigned to 4th Civil Affairs Group, Marine Forces Reserve, Washington D.C.; died Aug. 13 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
28, of Tallahassee, Fla.; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group (Airborne), Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Aug. 12 in Kunar province, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
21, of Perdido, Ala.; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Aug. 10 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
41, of Cleveland, Ohio; assigned to the 14th Combat Support Hospital, Fort Benning, Ga.; died Aug. 10 in Ali Al Salem, Kuwait, of injuries sustained in a non-combat-related incident.
21, of Winfield, Mo.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Aug. 9 in Helmand province, Afghanistan, while supporting combat operations. Also killed were Lance Cpl. Dennis J. Burrow and Lance Cpl. Javier Olvera.
33, of Nashville, N.C.; assigned to the 50th Signal Battalion, 35th Signal Brigade, XVIII Airborne Corps, Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Aug. 8 in Bagram, Afghanistan, from a non-combat-related incident that occurred Aug. 4 at Camp Phoenix, Afghanistan.
20, of Lake Forest, Calif.; assigned to the 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died Aug. 8 at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Md., of injuries sustained during a vehicle rollover July 19 in Logar Province, Afghanistan.
20, of Palmdale, Calif.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Aug. 8 in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, while supporting combat operations. Also killed were Lance Cpl. Dennis J. Burrow and Lance Cpl. Patrick W. Schimmel.
29, of Richmond Hill, Ga.; assigned to Marine Aircraft Group 36, 1st Marine Aircraft Wing, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Okinawa, Japan; died Aug. 7 while supporting combat operations in Kapisa province, Afghanistan.
23, of Eufala, Ala.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died Aug. 7 in Wardak Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
23, of Naples, Fla.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Aug. 7 in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, while supporting combat operations. Also killed were Lance Cpl. Javier Olvera and Lance Cpl. Patrick W. Schimmel.
24, of Paris, Texas; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 3rd Marines, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Marine Corps Base Hawaii; died Aug. 6 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
21, of Homestead, Fla.; assigned to the 3rd Combat Assault Battalion, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Okinawa, Japan; died Aug. 6 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
20, of San Antonio; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 3rd Marines, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Marine Corps Base Hawaii; died Aug. 6 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
22, of Farmingdale, N.Y.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 3rd Marines, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Marine Corps Base Hawaii; died Aug. 6 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
21, of Panama City, Fla.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 3rd Marines, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditonary Force, Marine Corps Base Hawaii; died Aug. 5 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
27, of Fayetteville, N.C.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group (Airborne), Mississippi Army National Guard, Jackson, Miss.; died Aug. 2 in Qole Gerdsar, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his vehicle with an improvised explosive device. Also killed were Sgt. 1st Class Alejandro Granado and Sgt. 1st Class Severin W. Summers III.
42, of Fairfax, Va.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group (Airborne), Mississippi Army National Guard, Jackson, Miss.; died Aug. 2 in Qole Gerdsar, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his vehicle with an improvised explosive device. Also killed were Capt. Ronald G. Luce and Sgt. 1st Class Severin W. Summers III.
43, of Bentonia, Miss.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 20th Special Forces Group (Airborne), Mississippi Army National Guard, Jackson, Miss.; died Aug. 2 in Qole Gerdsar, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his vehicle with an improvised explosive device. Also killed were Capt. Ronald G. Luce and Sgt. 1st Class Alejandro Granado.
27, of West Lawn, Pa.; assigned to 1st Battalion, 12th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, Fort Carson, Colo.; died Aug. 1 in Mushan village, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his patrol with improvised explosive devices and rocket-propelled grenades. Also killed were Army Pfc. Richard K. Jones and Army Pvt. Patrick S. Fitzgibbon.
21, of Roxboro, N.C.; assigned to 1st Battalion, 12th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, Fort Carson, Colo.; died Aug. 1 in Mushan village, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his patrol with improvised explosive devices and rocket-propelled grenades. Also killed were Army Cpl. Jonathan M. Walls and Army Pvt. Patrick S. Fitzgibbon.
19, of Knoxville, Tenn.; assigned to 1st Battalion, 12th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, Fort Carson, Colo.; died Aug. 1 in Mushan village, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his patrol with improvised explosive devices and rocket-propelled grenades. Also killed were Army Cpl. Jonathan M. Walls and Army Pfc. Richard K. Jones.
21, of Clermont, Fla.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 32nd Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died July 31 in Nuristan Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his unit with rocket-propelled grenades and small-arms fire.
22, of Knoxville, Tenn.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 30 of wounds suffered while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Marine Lance Cpl. Jonathan F. Stroud, 20, of Cashion, Okla.
20, of Cashion, Okla.; assigned to 2nd Combat Engineer Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 30 of wounds suffered while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Marine Lance Cpl. Gregory A. Posey, 22, of Knoxville, Tenn.
38, of Concrete, Wash.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 10th Special Forces Group, Stuttgart, Germany; died July 29 in Kabul Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his unit using small arms fire.
19, of Sullivan, Ill. assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 130th Infantry, Illinois Army National Guard, Marion, Ill.; died July 29 in Herat, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained from a non-combat related incident.
26, of Gainesville, Fla.; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 25 of wounds sustained while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
21, of Spring Hill, Fla.; assigned to 1st Battalion, 32nd Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died July 24 in Nuristan province, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when enemy forces attacked his unit using small arms and rocket-propelled grenade fires.
25, of Pittsburgh; assigned to the 2nd Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 23 in Helmand province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained while supporting combat operations. Also killed were Lance Cpl. Jeremy S. Lasher and Cpl. Nicholas G. Xiarhos.
21, of Yarmouth Port, Mass.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 23 in Helmand province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained while supporting combat operations. Also killed were Sgt. Ryan H. Lane and Lance Cpl. Jeremy S. Lasher.
21, of Great Falls, Mont.; assigned to the Navy Expeditionary Guard Battalion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; died July 23 at Jackson Memorial Hospital in Miami, Fla., from a non-combat related illness.
27, of Oneida, N.Y.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 23 in Helmand province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained while supporting combat operations. Also killed were Sgt. Ryan H. Lane and Cpl. Nicholas G. Xiarhos.
22, of Blackfoot, Idaho; assigned to the 4th Engineer Battalion, Fort Carson, Colo.; died July 22 in Zabul Province, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
24, of Rochester, Pa.; assigned to the 4th Engineer Battalion, Fort Carson, Colo.; died July 22 in Zabul Province, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
34, of Dalton, Ga.; assigned to the 148th Brigade Support Battalion, Cedartown, Ga.; died July 21 in Methar Lam, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained during a vehicle rollover.
24, of Garland, Texas; assigned to the 4th Battalion, 25th Field Artillery (Strike), 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died July 20 in Wardak province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle followed by an attack from enemy forces using small arms and rocket-propelled grenades. Also killed were Spc. Anthony M. Lightfoot, Spc. Andrew J. Roughton and Pfc. Dennis J. Pratt.
20, of Riverdale, Ga.; assigned to the 4th Battalion, 25th Field Artillery (Strike), 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died July 20 in Wardak province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle followed by an attack from enemy forces using small arms and rocket-propelled grenades. Also killed were Sgt. Gregory Owens Jr., Spc. Andrew J. Roughton and Pfc. Dennis J. Pratt.
21, of Houston; assigned to the 4th Battalion, 25th Field Artillery (Strike), 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died July 20 in Wardak province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle followed by an attack from enemy forces using small arms and rocket-propelled grenades. Also killed were Spc. Anthony M. Lightfoot, Sgt. Gregory Owens Jr. and Pfc. Dennis J. Pratt.
34, of Duncan, Okla.; assigned to the 4th Battalion, 25th Field Artillery (Strike), 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died July 20 in Wardak province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle followed by an attack from enemy forces using small arms and rocket-propelled grenades. Also killed were Spc. Anthony M. Lightfoot, Spc. Andrew J. Roughton and Sgt. Gregory Owens Jr.
21, of Rosemount, Minn.; assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 75th Ranger Regiment, Fort Benning, Ga.; died July 18 at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington of wounds sustained July 10 in Helmand province, Afghanistan, when insurgents attacked his unit using small arms fire.
27, of Eagan, Minn.; assigned to the 336th Fighter Squadron, Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, N.C.; died July 17 in an F-15E crash near Ghazni Province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Capt. Mark R. McDowell.
26, of Colorado Springs, Colo.; assigned to the 336th Fighter Squadron, Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, N.C.; died July 17 in an F-15E crash near Ghazni Province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Capt. Thomas J. Gramith.
29, of Seffner, Fla.; assigned to the 3rd Squadron, 61st Cavalry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, Fort Carson, Colo.; died July 14 in Konar province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his mounted patrol was attacked by enemy forces using rocket-propelled grenades and small-arms fire.
33, of Zanesfield, Ohio; assigned to 8th Engineer Support Battalion, Combat Logistics Regiment 2, 2nd Marine Logistics Group, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 13 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
22, of Delta, Pa.; assigned to 1st Combat Engineer Battalion, 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Pendleton, Calif.; died July 13 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
34, of Akron, Ohio, assigned to the 46th Engineer Battalion, 1st Maneuver Enhancement Brigade, Fort Polk, La.; died July 13 in Baghdad of injuries sustained from a non-combat related incident.
27, of Flagstaff, Ariz.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 32nd Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died July 12 near Barge Matal, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his dismounted patrol using small arms and indirect fire.
27, of Glendale, Calif.; assigned to 2nd Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 11 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Master Sgt. Jerome D. Hatfield.
36, of Axton, Va.; assigned to 2nd Light Armored Reconnaissance Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 11 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Cpl. Pedro A. Barbozaflores.
22, of Tualatin, Ore.; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Kaneohe Bay, Hawaii; died July 10 of wounds sustained on June 24 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
22, of La Grange, Texas; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died July 9 in Wardak Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
20, of Gibsonville, N.C.; assigned to 2nd Reconnaissance Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 8 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
36, of Middleburg, Fla.; assigned to 2nd Reconnaissance Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 8 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
21, of Canyon, Texas; assigned to the USS Iwo Jima, and deployed as an Individual Augmentee to Combined Security Transition Command-Afghanistan; died of pneumonia July 8 at Bagram Air Base, Afghanistan.
25, of North Fort Myers, Fla.; assigned to 3rd Marine Special Operations Battalion, Marine Special Operations Advisor Group, Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 8 while supporting combat operations in Nimroz province, Afghanistan.
36, of Batavia, Ohio; assigned to the 704th Brigade Support Battalion, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, Fort Carson, Colo.; died July 8 at Bagram, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained elsewhere in Afghanistan, when enemy forces attacked his unit using small arms fire.
24, of Galesburg, Ill.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 130th Infantry Regiment, Marion, Ill.; died July 7 in Shindad, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
20, of Murrieta, Calif.; assigned to the 1st Squadron, 40th Cavalry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team (Airborne), 25th Infantry Division, Fort Richardson, Alaska; died July 6 at Forward Operating Base Salerno, Afghanistan, of injuries suffered earlier that day in Paktya, Afghanistan, when insurgents attacked his unit using small arms and rocket-propelled grenade fires.
24, of Columbus, Ga.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 108th Reconnaissance, Surveillance and Target Acquisition Squadron, Georgia National Guard, Rome, Ga.; died July 6 in Konduz, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
30, of North Carolina; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 4th Infantry Regiment, Joint Multinational Readiness Center, Hohenfels, Germany; died July 6 in Argandab District, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
41, of Glenwood, Ill.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 106th Cavalry Regiment, Illinois National Guard, Dixon, Ill.; died July 6 in Konduz, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
35, of Hastings, Minn.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 106th Cavalry Regiment, Illinois National Guard, Dixon, Ill.; died July 6 in Konduz, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
25, of Bulloch, Ga.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 121st Infantry Regiment, Georgia National Guard, Americus, Ga.; died July 6 in Konduz, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
22, of Henryetta, Okla.; assigned to Explosive Ordnance Disposal Mobile Unit Eight, Sigonella, Italy, and was deployed with his platoon to Joint Task Force South conducting counter-improvised explosive device operations in support of Task Force Zabul in Afghanistan; died July 6 in an improvised explosive device attack on his convoy in northern Afghanistan.
20, of Aberdeen, Wash.; died July 4 at Combat Outpost Zerok, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked the outpost using small arms and indirect fires; assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 509th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team (Airborne), 25th Infantry Division, Fort Richardson, Alaska. Also killed was Pfc. Justin A. Casillas.
19, of Dunnigan, Calif.; assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 509th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team (Airborne), 25th Infantry Division, Fort Richardson, Alaska; died July 4 at Combat Outpost Zerok, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked the outpost using small arms and indirect fires. Also killed was Pfc. Aaron E. Fairbairn.
20, of Adairsville, Ga.; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 2 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
22, of Shepherd, Mont.; assigned to the 3rd Squadron, 71st Cavalry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died June 29 in Wardak Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
19, of Peshtigo, Wis; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 12th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, Fort Carson, Colo.; died June 28 at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center, in Landstuhl, Germany, of injuries sustained June 24 in Konar Province, Afghanistan, when insurgents attacked his unit using small arms fire and a rocket-propelled-grenade launcher.
20, of Saginaw, Texas; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died June 26 at Combat Outpost Carwile, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained during a vehicle roll-over
24, of Steilacoom, Wash.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 501st Parachute Infantry Regiment, 4th Airborne Brigade Combat Team, 25th Infantry Division, Fort Richardson, Alaska; died June 25 in Kheyl, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
26, of Plantersville, Ala.; assigned to the 1st Maneuver Enhancement Brigade, Fort Polk, La.; died June 21 in Bagram, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his unit was attacked by indirect fire. Also killed was Spc. Rodrigo A. Munguia Rivas.
27, of Germantown, Md.; assigned to the 710th Brigade Support Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died June 21 in Bagram, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his unit was attacked by indirect fire. Also killed was Sgt. Ricky D. Jones.
38, of Calhoun, Ga.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 121st Infantry Regiment, Army National Guard, Lawrenceville, Ga.; died June 20 in Mado Zayi, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when a rocket-propelled grenade struck his vehicle.
43, of Peoria, Ill.; assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 106th Cavalry Regiment, Illinois Army National Guard, Aurora, Ill.; died June 19 in Kandahar, Afghanistan, when his vehicle was hit by an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Staff Sgt. Joshua A. Melton.
26, of Carlyle, Ill.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 130th Infantry Regiment, Illinois National Guard, Marion, Ill.; died June 19 in Kandahar, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle was hit by an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Sgt. Paul G. Smith.
52, of Templeton, Mass.; assigned to the 79th Troop Command, Rehoboth, Mass.; died June 17 at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio, Texas, of wounds suffered March 8 in Kandau, Afghanistan, when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
22, of Zephyr Hills, Fla.; assigned to the 549th Military Police Company, 385th Military Police Battalion, 16th Military Police Brigade (Airborne) at Fort Stewart, Ga.; died June 15 at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio, Texas, of wounds sustained June 2 in Paktya, Afghanistan, when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
33, of Franklin, Mo.; assigned to 9th Engineer Support Battalion, 3rd Marine Logistics Group, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Okinawa, Japan; died June 10 while supporting combat operations in Delaram, Afghanistan.
25, of Greenland, Calif.; assigned to the 563rd Aviation Support Battalion, 159th Combat Aviation Brigade, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died June 9 at Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan, of a non-combat-related incident.
20, of Downey, Calif.; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 3rd Marines, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Kaneohe Bay, Hawaii; died June 6 while supporting combat operations in Now Zad, Afghanistan.
50, of Los Angeles; a member of the Tactical Command Post, 40th Infantry Division, California Army National Guard, assigned as an individual augmentee to the 3rd Marine Regiment, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditionary Force; died June 4 in Bagram, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained during a vehicle roll-over.
21, of Rome, Ga.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 108th Reconnaissance, Surveillance and Target Acquisition Squadron, 48th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Georgia Army National Guard, Calhoun, Ga.; died June 4 near Kapisa, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered from an improvised explosive device and small-arms fire. Also killed were Sgt. 1st Class John C. Beale and Maj. Kevin M. Jenrette.
39, of Riverdale, Ga.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 108th Reconnaissance, Surveillance and Target Acquisition Squadron, 48th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Georgia Army National Guard, Calhoun, Ga.; died June 4 near Kapisa, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered from an improvised explosive device and small-arms fire. Also killed were Maj. Kevin M. Jenrette and Spc. Jeffrey W. Jordan.
37, of Lula, Ga.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 108th Reconnaissance, Surveillance and Target Acquisition Squadron, 48th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Georgia Army National Guard, Calhoun, Ga.; died June 4 near Kapisa, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered from an improvised explosive device and small-arms fire. Also killed were Sgt. 1st Class John C. Beale and Spc. Jeffrey W. Jordan.
20, of La Porte, Texas; assigned to the 425th Brigade Special Troops Battalion, 4th Brigade Combat Team (Airborne), 25th Infantry Division, Fort Richardson, Alaska; died June 3 at Forward Operating Base Salerno, Afghanistan, of injuries suffered from a noncombat-related incident.
21, of Far Rockaway, N.Y.; assigned to the 549th MP Co, 385th MP Bn, 16th MP Bde (Abn), Fort Stewart, Ga.; died June 2 in Paktya, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his mounted patrol was attacked with an improvised explosive device and small-arms fire.
28, of Huntsville, Ala.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry) Fort Drum, N.Y.; died June 1 in Nerkh, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Pfc. Matthew D. Ogden and Pfc. Matthew W. Wilson.
19, of Miller, Mo.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry) Fort Drum, N.Y.; died June 1 in Nerkh, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Pfc. Matthew D. Ogden and Staff Sgt. Jeffrey A. Hall.
33, of Corpus Christi, Texas; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry) Fort Drum, N.Y.; died June 1 in Nerkh, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Staff Sgt. Jeffrey A. Hall and Pfc. Matthew W. Wilson.
26, of Hilo, Hawaii; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died June 1 in Nerkh, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
27, of Austin, Texas; assigned to Marine Aviation Logistics Squadron 31, Marine Aircraft Group 31, 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing, Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, S.C.; was killed May 31 as a result of a non-hostile incident in Khandahar province, Afghanistan.
33, of Summers, Ark.; assigned to the 426th Civil Affairs Battalion, U.S. Army Reserve, Upland, Calif.; died May 26 in Parwan, Afghanistan, when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
39, of Houston; assigned to the Joint Staff, Pentagon, Washington, D.C.; died May 26 in Parwan, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained from an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Senior Airman Ashton L.M. Goodman.
21, of Indianapolis; assigned to the 43rd Logistics Readiness Squadron, Pope Air Force Base, N.C.; died May 26 near Bagram Air Field, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained from an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Lt. Col. Mark E. Stratton II.
38, of Reedsville, W. Va.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 82nd Combat Aviation Brigade, 82nd Airborne Division, Fort Bragg, N.C.; died May 22 when his helicopter went down in Tarin Kwot, Afghanistan.
25, of St. Louis; assigned to the Headquarters, Pacific Air Forces Command, Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii; died May 20 near Kabul, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained from an improvised explosive device.
23, of Birmingham, Ala.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died May 15 at Forward Operating Base Shank, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his patrol was attacked by enemy forces using small-arms fire in Chak, Afghanistan. Also killed was Staff Sgt. Esau I. De la Pena-Hernandez.
25, of La Puente, Calif.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died May 15 at Forward Operating Base Shank, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his patrol was attacked by enemy forces using small-arms fire in Chak, Afghanistan. Also killed was Sgt. Carlie M. Lee III.
23, of Lake in the Hills, Ill.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 178th Infantry Regiment, Illinois Army National Guard, Woodstock, Ill.; died May 10 in Nangarhar province, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained from a noncombat-related incident.
27, of Philadelphia; assigned to the 1st Brigade, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Riley, Kan.; died of wounds suffered when insurgents attacked his unit using direct fire May 1 near the village of Nishagam, Konar province, Afghanistan. Also killed were Sgt. James D. Pirtle and Spc. Ryan C. King.
21, of Colorado Springs, Colo.; assigned to the Special Troops Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died May 1 near the village of Nishagam, Afghanistan, when insurgents attacked his unit. Also killed were Spc. Ryan C. King and Staff Sgt. William D. Vile.
22, of Dallas, Ga.; assigned to the Special Troops Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died May 1 near the village of Nishagam, Afghanistan, when insurgents attacked his unit. Also killed were Sgt. James D. Pirtle and Staff Sgt. William D. Vile.
21, of Topeka, Kan.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died April 15, of wounds sustained from an improvised explosive device, while on a dismounted patrol near Korengal Valley, Afghanistan.
35, of Bayamon, Puerto Rico; assigned to the 82nd Sustainment Brigade, XVIII Airborne Corps, Fort Bragg, N.C.; died April 14 in Kabul, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained from a non-combat-related incident.
20, of Hesperia, Calif., died April 10 of injuries sustained from a non-combat related incident in Kabul Afghanistan. He was assigned to the 712th Air Support Operations Squadron, Fort Hood, Texas
22, of Holland Patent, N.Y.; assigned to 3rd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died April 8 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
21, of Arlington, Va.; assigned to the Special Troops Battalion, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died Apr. 6 in Bagram, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained from a non-combat related incident.
30, of Hopewell, Va.; assigned to the 48th Civil Engineer Squadron, Royal Air Force Lakenheath, United Kingdom; died April 4 near Helmand province, Afghanistan of wounds suffered from an improvised explosive device.
35, of El Cajon, Calif.; died March 27 when an Afghan National Army soldier opened fire on personnel assigned to Combined Security Transition Command — Afghanistan at Camp Shaheen, Mazar-E-Sharif, Afghanistan. Also killed was Navy Lt. j.g. Francis L. Toner IV.
26, of Narragansett, R.I.; died March 27 when an Afghan National Army soldier opened fire on personnel assigned to Combined Security Transition Command — Afghanistan at Camp Shaheen, Mazar-E-Sharif, Afghanistan.
21, of Oxford, Pa.; assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died March 22 in Helmand province, Afghanistan, while supporting combat operations. Also killed was Cpl. Michael W. Ouellette.
28, of Manchester, N.H.; assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died March 22 in Helmand province, Afghanistan, while supporting combat operations. Also killed was Cpl. Anthony L. Williams.
19, of Avondale, Ariz.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 87th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light Infantry), Fort Drum, N.Y.; died March 22, at Forward Operating Base Airborne in Wardak province, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained from a non-combat related incident.
22, of Rome, N.Y.; assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died March 20 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
23, of Midlothian, Ill.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 178th Infantry Regiment, 33rd Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Woodstock, Ill.; died March 15 in Jalabad, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained in Kot, Afghanistan, when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Sgt. Robert M. Weinger and Spc. Normal L. Cain III.
24, of Round Lake Beach, Ill.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 178th Infantry Regiment, 33rd Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Woodstock, Ill.; died March 15 in Jalabad, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained in Kot, Afghanistan, when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Sgt. Christopher P. Abeyta and Spc. Normal L. Cain III.
22, of Oregon, Ill.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 178th Infantry Regiment, 33rd Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Woodstock, Ill.; died March 15 in Kot, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Sgt. Christopher P. Abeyta and Sgt. Robert. M. Weinger.
37, of Tomball, Texas.; assigned to the 2nd Intelligence Battalion, II MEF Headquarters Group, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died March 14 in a non-hostile incident in Kabul province, Afghanistan.
27, of Auburn, N.Y.; assigned to 40th Cavalry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team (Airborne), 25th Infantry Division, Fort Richardson, Alaska; died March 8 in Kandau Kalay, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when his vehicle was struck by an improvised explosive device.
21, of Dixmoor, Ill.; assigned to the 634th Brigade Support Battalion of the Illinois Army National Guard, Crestwood, Ill.; died March 1 at Brooke Army Medical Center, San Antonio, Texas, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near her security post Jan. 17 in Kabul, Afghanistan.
25, of Owasso, Okla.; assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 106th Cavalry Regiment, 33rd Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Illinois National Guard, Kewanee, Ill.; died Feb. 24 in Kandahar, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Capt. Brian M. Bunting, Sgt. Scott B. Stream and Sgt. Daniel J. Thompson.
39, of Mattoon, Ill.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 130th Infantry Regiment, 33rd Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Illinois National Guard, Effingham, Ill.; died Feb. 24 in Kandahar, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Capt. Brian M. Bunting, Sgt. Schuyler B. Patch and Sgt Daniel J. Thompson.
24, of Madison, Wis.; was a member of the Individual Ready Reserve and was assigned to the 715th Military Police Company, Florida National Guard, Melbourne, Fla.; died Feb. 24 in Kandahar, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Capt. Brian M. Bunting, Sgt. Schuyler B. Patch and Sgt. Scott B. Stream.
29, of Potomac, Md.; assigned to the 27th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, New York National Guard, Syracuse, N.Y.; died Feb. 24 in Kandahar, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Sgt. Schuyler B. Patch, Sgt. Scott B. Stream and Sgt. Daniel J. Thompson.
28, of Aberdeen, Wash.; assigned to the 23rd Special Tactics Squadron, Hurlburt Field, Fla.; died Feb. 20 at Oruzgan, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device.
36, of Tucson, Ariz.; assigned to 1st Battalion, 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne), Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Feb. 20, in Kandahar, Afghanistan, from wounds received in Khordi, Afghanistan, when his military vehicle was struck by an improvised explosiv device followed by small arms fire attack by enemy forces. Also killed was Staff Sgt. Jeremy E. Bessa.
26, of Woodridge, Ill.; assigned to 1st Battalion, 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne), Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Feb. 20, in Kandahar, Afghanistan, when his military vehicle was struck by an improvised explosive device followed by small arms fire attack by enemy forces. Also killed was Master Sgt. David L. Hurt.
35, of Mesquite, Texas; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died Feb. 16 at Forward Operating Base Tillman in Orgun-E, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his unit using indirect fire.
24, of Tracy, Calif.; assigned to Marine Wing Support Squadron 171, Marine Wing Support Group 17, 1st Marine Air Wing, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Iwakuni, Japan; died Feb. 14 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
29, of Collegeville, Pa.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 3rd Special Forces Group (Airborne), Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Feb. 13 at Faramuz, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his unit using a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and small arms fire.
19, of Many, La.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died Feb. 10 in Salerno, Afghanistan, of injuries suffered when an improvised explosive devie detonated near his vehicle. Also killed was Army Spc. Peter J. Courcy.
22, of Frisco, Texas; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died Feb. 10 in Salerno, Afghanistan, of injuries suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed was Army Pfc. Jason R. Watson.
27, of Elida, Ohio; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 130th Infantry Regiment, Illinois National Guard, Marion, Ill.; died Feb. 8 in Kabul, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered from an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Army 1st Lt. Jared W. Southworth.
26, of Oakland, Ill.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 130th Infantry Regiment, Illinois National Guard, Marion, Ill.; died Feb. 8 in Kabul, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered from an improvised explosive device.
21, of Bridgewater, Mass.; assigned to 3rd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died from wounds he received Jan. 24 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
25, of Sharpsville, Pa.; assigned to 2nd Combat Engineer Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Jan. 27 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Sgt. Trevor J. Johnson.
23, of Forsyth, Mont.; assigned to 2nd Combat Engineer Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Jan. 27 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Sgt. David W. Wallace III.
25, of Brooklyn, N.Y.; assigned to 3rd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Jan. 24 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
33, of Lawton, Okla.; assigned to the 1st Maneuver Enhancement Brigade, Fort Polk, La.; died Jan. 17 in Bagram, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle in Kabul.
31, of Las Vegas, Nev.; was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Jan. 17 in COP Vegas, Afghanistan, when the Chinook helicopter he was in made a hard landing under combat conditions.
30, of Solvang, Calif.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group (Airborne), Fort Bragg , N.C.; died Jan. 16 in Tarin Kowt, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained in a non-combat related incident.
23, of Clifton, Va.; assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Jan. 11 in Helmand province, Afghanistan, as a result of a non-hostile incident.
24, of Lenoir, N.C.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 4th Infantry Regiment, Hohenfels, Germany; died Jan. 9 in Jaldak, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Maj. Brian M. Mescall and Spc. Joseph M. Hernandez.
24, of Hammond, Ind.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 4th Infantry Regiment, Hohenfels, Germany.; died Jan. 9 in Jaldak, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Maj. Brian M. Mescall and Spc. Jason R. Parsons.
33, of Hopkinton, Mass.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 4th Infantry Regiment, Hohenfels, Germany; died Jan. 9 in Jaldak, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle. Also killed were Spc. Joseph M. Hernandez and Spc. Jason R. Parsons.
20, of Dyersburg, Tenn.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 2nd Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Jan. 8 in Maywand, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his dismounted patrol was hit by an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Sgt. Joshua L. Rath.
22, of Decatur, Ala.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 2nd Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Jan. 8 in Maywand, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his dismounted patrol was hit by an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Spc. Keith E. Essary.
19, of Hendersonville, N.C.; was assigned to 3rd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Jan. 6 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
21, of Bronx, N.Y.; was assigned to 3rd Battalion, 8th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died Jan. 1 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
42, of Phoenix, Ariz., assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died Dec. 24 in Paktika, Afghanistan, when his combat outpost received enemy rocket fire.
19, of Senoia, Ga.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 2nd Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Dec. 16, at Forward Operating Base Ramrod, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained from a non-combat related incident.
31, of Lincoln, Neb., died Dec. 1 at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Md., of wounds suffered Oct. 28 when an improvised explosive device detonated near his unit at Combat Outpost Keating, Afghanistan. He was assigned to the 6th Squadron, 4th Cavalry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas.
38, of Highlands Ranch, Colo.; assigned to the 927th Engineer Company (Sapper), 769th Engineer Battalion, Louisiana Army National Guard, Baton Rouge, La.; died Nov. 13 in Jalalabad, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
27, of Dry Ridge, Ky.; assigned to the 201st Engineer Battalion, Kentucky Army National Guard in Cynthiana, Ky.; died Oct. 31 in Badin Kheyl, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when insurgents attacked his unit using small arms fire.
35, of Bartlett, Ill.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 122nd Field Artillery, Illinois Army National Guard, Sycamore, Ill.; died Oct. 27 in in Baghlan, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when a suicide bomber detonated explosives as he was preparing to enter a building. Also killed was Sgt. Nicholas A. Casey.
22, of Canton, Ohio; assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group (Airborne), Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Oct. 27 in Baghlan, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when a suicide bomber detonated explosives as he was preparing to enter a building. Also killed was Sgt. Kevin D. Grieco.
32, of Pleasant Valley, N.Y.; assigned to the 5th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Pendleton, Calif.; died Oct. 27 in Helmand province, Afghanistan, while supporting combat operations.
21, of Scottsbluff, Neb.; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Twentynine Palms, Calif.; died Oct. 22 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Lance Cpl. San Sim.
30, of Bronx, N.Y.; assigned to the 27th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, New York Army National Guard, Syracuse, N.Y.; died Oct. 22 in Bela Beluk, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device.
23, of Santa Ana, Calif.; assigned to 1st Battalion, 7th Marines, 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Twentynine Palms, Calif.; died Oct. 22 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Cpl. Adrian Robles.
39, of Camano Island, Wash.; assigned to the 91st Civil Affairs Battalion, 95th Civil Affairs Brigade (Airborne), Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Oct. 20 in Charbagh, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when a rocket-propelled grenade struck his vehicle.
25, of Beach Park, Ill.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Oct. 16 in Karangol Village, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained from indirect fire.
33, of San Diego; assigned to 416th Civil Affairs Battalion, 351st Civil Affairs Command, U.S. Army Reserve, San Diego; died Oct. 16 in Bermel District Center, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained from small-arms fire during a dismounted patrol.
23, of Baker, Fla.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Oct. 14 of wounds suffered when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device in Qazi Bandeh, Afghanistan. Also killed were Spc. Cory J. Bertrand and Spc. Stephen R. Fortunato.
18, of Center, Texas, assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Oct. 14 of wounds suffered when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device in Qazi Bandeh, Afghanistan. Also killed were Spc. Stephen R. Fortunato and Sgt. Preston R. Medley.
25, of Danvers, Mass.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Oct. 14 of wounds suffered when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device in Qazi Bandeh, Afghanistan. Also killed were Spc. Cory J. Bertrand and Sgt. Preston R. Medley.
39, of Franklin, N.H.; assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 172nd Infantry Regiment (Mountain), New Hampshire Army National Guard, Milford, N.H.; died Oct. 13 in Kandahar, Afghanistan, of wounds suffered when his vehicle struck an improvised explosive device and his patrol was engaged in a small arms fire attack.
20, of Anchorage, Alaska; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Twentynine Palms, Calif.; died Oct. 9 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
33, of Charlotte, N.C.; assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 101st Cavalry Regiment, New York Army National Guard, Jamestown, N.Y.; died Oct. 2 of injuries sustained from a vehicle incident in Qara Bagh Karez, Afghanistan.
32, of Maysel, W.Va.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group, Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Sept. 29 in Yakhchal, Afghanistan, from wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device during mounted operations. Also killed were Capt. Richard J. Cliff and Sgt. 1st Class Gary J. Vasquez.
33, of Round Lake, Ill.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group, Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Sept. 29 in Yakhchal, Afghanistan, from wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device during mounted operations. Also killed were Capt. Richard J. Cliff and Sgt. 1st Class Jamie S. Nicholas.
29, of Mount Pleasant, S.C.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group, Fort Bragg, N.C.; died Sept. 29 in Yakhchal, Afghanistan, from wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device during mounted operations. Also killed were Sgt. 1st Class Jamie S. Nicholas and Sgt. 1st Class Gary J. Vasquez.
38, of Bradenton, Fla.; assigned to the 1st Squadron, 61st Cavalry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died Sept. 28 in the Jaji District, Afghanistan, from wounds sustained when his unit was ambushed by enemy forces using small arms fire.
32, of Crescent City, Calif.; assigned to the Joint Forces Headquarters, Element Training Team, Oregon Army National Guard; died Sept. 20 in Kandahar, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle.
32, of Walcott, Iowa; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Sept. 20 in the Korengal Valley, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Pvt. Joseph F. Gonzales.
18, of Tucson, Ariz.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Sept. 20 in the Korengal Valley, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Staff Sgt. Nathan M. Cox.
29, of Auburn, N.Y.; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Twentynine Palms, Calif.; died Sept. 19 while supporting combat operations in Farah province, Afghanistan.
30, of Grand Prairie, Texas; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Sept. 18 at Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained Sept. 17 when his mounted patrol was attacked by enemy forces using small arms and rocket-propelled grenades in Able Monti, Afghanistan.
24, of Chicago; assigned to the 2nd Battalion 122nd Field Artillery, Illinois Army National Guard, Sycamore, Ill.; died Sept. 17 in Gerdia Seria, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. Also killed was 1st Lt. Mohsin A. Naqvi, Capt. Bruce E. Hays and Sgt. Joshua W. Harris.
21, of Romeoville, Ill.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion 122nd Field Artillery, Illinois Army National Guard, Robbins, Ill.; died Sept. 17 in Gerdia Seria, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. Also killed was 1st Lt. Mohsin A. Naqvi, Capt. Bruce E. Hays and Staff Sgt. Jason A. Vazquez.
26, of Newburgh, N.Y.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 11th Infantry, Fort Benning, Ga.; died Sept. 17 in Gerdia Seria, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Sgt. Joshua W. Harris, Capt. Bruce E. Hays and Staff Sgt. Jason A. Vazquez.
42, of Cheyenne, Wyo.; assigned to the Wyoming Joint Forces Headquarters, Wyoming Army National Guard, Cheyenne, Wyo.; died Sept. 17 in Gerdia Seria, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Sgt. Joshua W. Harris, 1st Lt. Mohsin A. Naqvi and Staff Sgt. Jason A. Vazquez.
34, of Flushing, Mich.; assigned to Naval Special Warfare Development Group, Dam Neck, Va.; died Sept. 12 from injuries sustained Sept. 11 while conducting combat operations in Afghanistan. Also killed was Navy Chief Special Warfare Operator (Select) Jason Richard Freiwald.
30, of Armada, Mich.; assigned to Naval Special Warfare Development Group, Dam Neck, Va.; died Sept. 12 from injuries sustained Sept. 11 while conducting combat operations in Afghanistan. Also killed was Navy Senior Chief Special Warfare Operator John Wayne Marcum
22, of Chocowinity, N.C.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 6th Field Artillery Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Sept. 11 at Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained at Combat Outpost Lybert, Afghanistan, when he was struck by enemy fire.
39, of Gibsonia, Pa.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 17th Cavalry Regiment, 101st Combat Aviation Brigade, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died Sept. 11 at Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained near Forward Operating Base Nagil, Afghanistan, when the aircraft he was piloting received enemy fire.
23, of Arlington, Wash.; assigned to Combat Service Support Det. 36, Iwakuni, Japan; a member of a U.S. Marine embedded Training Team deployed to Afghan Regional Security Integration Command Central; died Sept. 9 from injuries sustained when the vehicle he was driving hit an improvised explosive device in Afghanya Valley, Afghanistan.
25, of Bothell, Wash.; assigned to Combat Logistics Battalion 37, 3rd Marine Logistics Group, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Okinawa, Japan; died Sept. 9 in Parwan Province, Afghanistan, while supporting combat operations.
29, of Randallstown, Md.; assigned to Headquarters Battery, 12th Marines, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Okinawa, Japan; died Sept. 9 in Parwan Province, Afghanistan, while supporting combat operations. Also killed was 1st Lt. Nicholas A. Madrazo.
18, of Littlestown, Pa.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Sept. 6 at Outpost Restrepo, Kunar Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when he received enemy fire while on dismounted patrol.
24, of San Juan Capistrano, Calif.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Sept. 6 in Aliabad, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when he received small arms fire while on dismounted patrol.
22, of St. Louis, Mo.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 2nd Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Sept. 4 in Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device.
35, of Weidman, Mich.; assigned to the K-9 unit of the 527th Military Police Company, 709th Military Police Battalion, 18th MP Brigade, Ansbach, Germany; died Sept. 2 of wounds sustained in Ana Kalay, Afghanistan, when his mounted patrol came under small arms fire
36,of Lexington, N.C.; temporarily forward deployed from his assignment at Naval Special Warfare Development Group, Dam Neck, Va.; died Aug. 30 from injuries sustained while conducting combat operations in Afghanistan.
20, of Beaverton, Ore.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 4th Infantry Regiment, Hohenfels, Germany; died Aug. 27 in Kandahar, Afghanistan, when his mounted patrol received small arms and rocket-propelled grenade fire.
28, of Ramsey, Mich.; assigned to the 720th Explosive Ordnance Disposal Company, 28th Transportation Battalion, 18th Military Police Brigade, Mannheim, Germany; died Aug. 22 at in Ghazni, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when the improvised explosive device he was attempting to deactivate detonated.
36, of Marrero, La.; assigned to the Afghan Regional Security Integration Command-West, Herat, Afghanistan; died Aug. 20 in Bala Morghab, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his unit was attacked by enemy forces using small-arms fire.
26, of Rising Sun, Md.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Aug. 20 at Combat Outpost Vegas, Afghanistan, of undetermined causes while conducting a patrol.
20, of Scranton, Pa.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 109th Infantry, Pennsylvania Army National Guard, Scranton, Pa.; died Aug. 17 at Forward Operating Base Mehtar Lam, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained in a non-combat-related incident.
29, of Sturgis, Mich.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 26th Infantry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Aug. 16 in Korengal, Afghanistan, when an improvised explosive device detonated near his vehicle
29, of Oxford, Va.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died Aug. 15 in Wardak Province, Afghanistan, when his vehicle struck an improvised explosive device and then received small-arms and rocket-propelled-grenade fire. Also killed was Pfc. Paul E. Conlon.
21, of Somerville, Mass.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died Aug. 15 in Wardak Province, Afghanistan, when his vehicle struck an improvised explosive device and then received small-arms and rocket-propelled-grenade fire. Also killed was 1st Lt. Donald C. Carwile.
19, of Mesa, Ariz.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Twentynine Palms, Calif.; died Aug. 14 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Cpl. Anthony G. Mihalo.
27, of Grover Beach, Calif.; assigned to the 3rd Combat Engineer Battalion, 3rd Marine Division, III Marine Expeditionary Force, Okinawa, Japan; died Aug. 14 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
23, of Naperville, Ill.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 7th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Twentynine Palms, Calif.; died Aug. 14 while supporting combat operations in Helmand province, Afghanistan. Also killed was Lance Cpl. Juan Lopez-Castaneda.
23, of Daingerfield, Texas; assigned to the 6th Squadron, 4th Cavalry, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Aug. 10 at Forward Operating Base Bostick, Afghanistan, from injuries sustained in a non-combat related incident.
25, of Agat, Guam; assigned to the Naval Hospital Corps School in Great Lakes, Ill.; died Aug. 8, in Sangatesh, Afghanistan, from injuries sustained when his convoy vehicle hit an improvised explosive device.
31, of Charleston, W.Va.; assigned to Marine Corps Forces Special Operations Command, Camp Lejeune, N.C .; died Aug. 4 while supporting combat operations in Herat province, Afghanistan.
29, of St. Croix, Virgin Islands; assigned to the 527th Military Police Company, 709th Military Police Battalion, Grafenwoehr, Germany; died Aug. 4 at Forward Operating Base Torkham, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained in a non-combat-related incident.
40, of Austin, Texas; assigned to the 436th Chemical Company, Texas Army National Guard, Laredo, Texas; died Aug. 3 in Kabul, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained when his vehicle encountered a mine.
23, of Rockford, Ill.; assigned to the Special Troops Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Aug. 1 in Chowkay Valley, Afghanistan, from wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. Also killed were 2nd Lt. Michael R. Girdano, Spc. William J. Mulvihill and Pvt. Jair DeJesus Garcia.
23, of Pennsylvania; assigned to the Special Troops Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Aug. 1 in Chowkay Valley, Afghanistan, from wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. Also killed were Spc. William J. Mulvihill, Pfc. David J. Badie and Pvt. Jair DeJesus Garcia.
20, of Leavenworth, Kan.; assigned to the Special Troops Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Aug. 1 in Chowkay Valley, Afghanistan, from wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. Also killed were 2nd Lt. Michael R. Girdano, Pfc. David J. Badie and Pvt. Jair DeJesus Garcia.
29, of Chatsworth, Calif.; assigned to the 6th Squadron, 4th Cavalry Regiment, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died Aug. 1 in Chowkay Valley, Afghanistan, from wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device. Also killed were 2nd Lt. Michael R. Girdano, Spc. William J. Mulvihill and Pfc. David J. Badie.
24, of Great Mills, Md.; assigned to the 4th Battalion, 320th Field Artillery Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died Aug. 1, on Route Alaska, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device.
22, of Orlando, Fla.; assigned to the 62nd Engineer Battalion, 36th Engineer Brigade, Fort Hood, Texas; died July 25 in Sharana, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained in a non-combat-related incident.
22, of Clearlake, Calif.; assigned to 2nd Battalion, 7th Marines, 1st Marine Division, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Twentynine Palms, Calif.; died July 21 in Helmand province, Afghanistan, while supporting combat operations.
25, of Onalaska, Wis.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died July 20 in the Qalandar District of the Khost Province, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained when his convoy came under attack by individuals using rocket propelled grenades and small arms fire.
29, of Woodlynne, N.J.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 6th Marines, 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit, II Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Lejeune, N.C.; died July 17 from a non-hostile incident in Helmand province, Afghanistan.
23, of Las Vegas; assigned to the 173rd Brigade Support Battalion (Airborne), Vicenza, Italy; died July 16 in Bagram, Afghanistan, of injuries sustained from a non-combat related incident.
39, of Jonesboro, Ga.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group (Airborne), Fort Bragg, N.C.; died on July 13 of wounds sustained when his vehicle struck an improvised explosive device in Kajaki Sofla, Afghanistan.
21, of Morganfield, Ky.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment (Airborne), 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, Vicenza, Italy; died July 13 of wounds sustained when his outpost was attacked by small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades from enemy forces in Wanat, Afghanistan. Also killed were 1st Lt. Jonathan P. Brostrom, Sgt. Israel Garcia, Cpl. Jonathan R. Ayers, Cpl. Jason D. Hovater, Cpl. Jason M. Bogar, Cpl. Matthew B. Phillips, Cpl. Pruitt A. Rainey and Cpl. Gunnar W. Zwilling.
24, of Snellville, Ga.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment (Airborne), 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, Vicenza, Italy; died July 13 of wounds sustained when his outpost was attacked by small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades from enemy forces in Wanat, Afghanistan.
25, of Seattle; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment (Airborne), 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, Vicenza, Italy; died July 13of wounds sustained when his outpost was attacked by small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades from enemy forces in Wanat, Afghanistan.
24, of Long Beach, Calif.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment (Airborne), 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, Vicenza, Italy; died July 13 of wounds sustained when his outpost was attacked by small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades from enemy forces in Wanat, Afghanistan.
24, of Hawaii; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment (Airborne), 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, Vicenza, Italy; died July 13of wounds sustained when his outpost was attacked by small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades from enemy forces in Wanat, Afghanistan.
20, of Florissant, Mo.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment (Airborne), 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, Vicenza, Italy; died July 13 of wounds sustained when his outpost was attacked by small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades from enemy forces in Wanat, Afghanistan.
22, of Haw River, N.C.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment (Airborne), 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, Vicenza, Italy; died July 13 of wounds sustained when his outpost was attacked by small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades from enemy forces in Wanat, Afghanistan.
27, of Jasper, Ga.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment (Airborne), 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, Vicenza, Italy; died July 13 of wounds sustained when his outpost was attacked by small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades from enemy forces in Wanat, Afghanistan.
24, of Clinton, Tenn.; assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Infantry Regiment (Airborne), 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team, Vicenza, Italy; died July 13 of wounds sustained when his outpost was attacked by small-arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades from enemy forces in Wanat, Afghanistan.
28, of Dededo, Guam; assigned to 1st Battalion, 294th Infantry Regiment, Guam Army National Guard, Barrigada, Guam; died July 10 in Babo Kheyl, Afghanistan, from wounds sustained when his vehicle was struck by an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Spc. Brian S. Leon Guerrero.
34, of Hagatna, Guam; assigned to 1st Battalion, 294th Infantry Regiment, Guam Army National Guard, Barrigada, Guam; died July 10 in Babo Kheyl, Afghanistan, from wounds sustained when his vehicle was struck by an improvised explosive device. Also killed was Spc. Samson A. Mora.
29, of Wilkes-Barre, Pa.; assigned to the Special Troops Battalion, 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division, Fort Hood, Texas; died July 8 at Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan, of wounds sustained in Chow Kay Valley, Afghanistan, when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device during a mounted patrol.
42, of Brooklyn, N.Y.; assigned to the 27th Infantry Brigade Combat Team, Syracuse, N.Y.; died July 4 of injuries sustained from a non-hostile incident in Kabul, Afghanistan (Camp Phoenix).
43, of Sioux Falls, S.D.; assigned to the 1st Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Ky.; died July 2 at the National Naval Medical Center, Bethesda, Md., of wounds sustained June 28 in Malikheyl, Afghanistan, when his vehicle encountered an improvised explosive device.
Overview: The Ottawa Legal Information Centre offers a free 30-minute meeting with a lawyer to anyone faced with a legal issue. The lawyer provides legal information and steers Ontarians toward the appropriate local and provincial resources. Information, referral and support services are offered in English and in French, in person or by telephone, on a confidential basis.
Target audience: The Centre welcomes all residents of Ontario regardless of their income or the legal issue they are facing.
Areas of law: The Centre offers services in all areas of law, such as family law, immigration, tenants’ rights, employment insurance, labour law, etc.
After our full day at Disney, we were ready for a last few days of sun, swimming and family. Two out of three wasn't bad. I was amazed how long my girls would stay in the pool each day despite the cooler temperatures. We're talking hours.
No worries from those who read my previous posts - these following pictures include kid friendly beverages. : )
These two are just plain special - even with them getting bigger, Auburn is always someone so special to Ava from all their time together when Ava was so little.
I had told friends before we left that while I knew the girls were at an age to have lots of fun this trip that I was trying to keep expectations low so I didn't make it miserable for everyone. : ) I have to say that these girls made my week, no, my fall. They were so fun, so flexible and just so fun to watch enjoy, soak in, and enjoy the time both at Disney and just with family. After a busy year and not knowing what this next one may hold, I just thank God for this week as our family is in it's "pause" mode of life before we continue to grow, God willing. Our little family loved our time together and then getting to spend it with the rest of my family was just icing on the cake. Thanks for a great week Mom and Dad!
Ava was a bit disappointed to learn that Tinkerbell was really the size of a person as she had insisted to Grandma that Tinkerbell was really little and would be smaller than her. : )
After Mickey's Movie, we headed back to the castle for a song and dance show. While we waited, Daddy was playing on the camera.
home improvement wilson reveal gif death pour,home improvement cast now check contractor license nj relax a chaise wilson face,chaise a best home improvement license search nj reinstatement cast lauren,home improvement license ct contractor chaise a stores open near me,home improvement cast wilson improvements catalog furniture license ct chill anthracite,home improvement contractor training chaise e discount stores near me license nj renewal,home improvement stores near me loans for bad credit license requirements nj a chaise awesome,chaise support home improvement license newark nj loans for bad credit contractor near me,home improvement loans chase license renewal nj contractor ct chaise beautiful,stunning home improvement stores near me cast members license nj search.
Today we’re releasing the first beta-quality version of Firefox 4, which starts us down the path to a final release of Firefox 4. We’re handling this beta differently than we’ve done other releases. In previous betas we’ve made milestone-like releases. For this beta we’ll be making more frequent updates during the beta program
In total there are 105 users online :: 5 registered, 0 hidden and 100 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Know BHS Class of 2009 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 2009 Class List by adding missing names.
More 2009 alumni from Brinkley HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 2009 alumni.
Alumni from the Brinkley High School class of 2009 that have been added to this alumni directory are shown on this page. All of the people on this page graduated in '09 from BHS. You can register for free to add your name to the BHS alumni directory.
Don't forget to upload your Brinkley High School pictures and check on the latest info about any Brinkley High School reunion.
Last Thursday night, I was playing on field 2 - Heroes vs Cobras. We had been trading all night, and were up by a couple, when we looked over to field 3 and saw MBB and Bandidos seemingly disbanded. It was then announced that the time was 9:05, which means that the game should have ended. Who's the time keeper? Obviously, no one. Jangles says something like "Don't worry about time, let's get the points". Our minds go racing back to that ugly night of the same match up, where Cobras came back to get the draw because the time-keeper went home early. Jamie says urgently "We need to get this shit sorted now!"
Meanwhile, on the premier field, Slamtown have watched their hopes of vindicating their Grand Final loss to Dojo vanish before their eyes, in a come back not seen since Al Don lead the winless lovers to victory from an 9-2 deficit before vomiting violently and turning their season around. SFC had been up 11-5, and the score was now under fierce debate at something like 13-12, Dojo. "The game should have been finished 5 minutes ago!!" someone shouted. "MBB / Bandidos are only on time out - look! They are still going!!"
This argument went on long enough for the other game to finish, have circle of love and Special LD to get involved. "What time did you start", he asked. "BUUUULLSHIT!" - jeered Kevvy into an SFC coloured cone.
Slamtown were unwilling to accept the cock up, and Dojo in their usual fashion said "Fuck it." The game went on and I believe Slamtown got the draw. Fitting?
Games start at 7:30 and go for 80 minutes. If games start late, it is up to the captains to decide on finish time. Perhaps a rep from each team should be in charge of starting their stop watches on their phones at the same time.
For the record, during the incident, I had a watch on, but hadn't taken specific notice of what time we started, nor was specifically keeping track of when the official end time for our game should be.
At .. 11-9 (?) DojoMojo down, I remember checking the time and thinking that we better continue our comeback post haste. Then at 11-11 we were all starting to think that time HAD to be up ... so we sent Adz off on a mission to check with Spesh, as our neighbours on field 3B weren't sure of the timecap.
When Adz came back with the answer (of 80mins for game) we were 13-11 up, and we yelled 'last point' as we then (after getting the answer from Spesh) realised we were already 15mins over time (!).
Summary - I agree with you Dan, more attention needs to be paid (now obvious!) by the captains to the time cap & last point, without relying on Spesh to hold our hands.
This is typical of Ultimate. In what other sport, even the most amateur, does starting late get accepted so readily?
There is nothing worse than when a team rocks up late and then expects the game to be played for the full time length as opposed to the correct finishing time. If you wanted a full length game, how about be courteous and rocking up on time?
Anonymous commenter strikes again... far out, is it that hard to put your name to something? Especially when you have a legitimate point...
Other than the faceless aspect, I back this comment. I'd actually be in favour of a common start/end time (blow a horn for it), and points being assessed if one team is ready and an opponent isn't.
The latest data from the Expedia group has revealed UK hoteliers experienced another year of encouraging growth in 2017, helped by a significant rise in hotel demand from international visitors to the UK.
The findings drawn from full-year 2017 data* (January – December 2017) show that while the nation’s capital unsurprisingly remains the top destination for travellers, taking almost 40% of the total market share, several other UK destinations witnessed encouraging year-on-year growth.
Demand for London remained strong, up almost 20% when compared to the previous full year, while Surrey increased by almost 40%, and Scotland’sHighlands and Islands, Oxford and Yorkshire, all increased by around 35% year on year.
Regionally, other destinations that enjoyed healthy growth included Bristol, Birmingham and Chester.
The data shows it was travellers from Spain (up almost 150%), Brazil (+110%) and Argentina (+105%) that fuelled triple digit year-on-year growth from these markets, bolstered by strong demand from Ireland (+ 85%), Mexico (+85%), India (+70%) and Poland (+60%). Allied to this, UK hoteliers experienced another year of strong demand from the US (+40% year-on-year). It was tech-savvy travellers from Brazil, Italy, Ireland, Switzerland and Spain that fuelled impressive mobile growth of over 70%.
The data also reveals that the average daily rate (ADR) for hotel rooms in the UK rose overall, notably with travellers from India, Poland, Australia and Austria choosing to spend more on their hotel rooms. Travellers from UAE, India, Poland and China booked their stays with the shortest booking window (less than 25 days), while travellers from New Zealand and Australia (65 days) booked the farthest out, followed closely by Austria (63 days), Brazil (55 days), Germany (55 days) and Canada (53 days). These longer booking windows are beneficial to hoteliers, offering more opportunities to upsell consumers – both prior to check-in and on-property.
Krishan Kadodwala, Director Market Management, JET UK & Ireland, the Expedia group, said: “Overall our UK hotel partners enjoyed impressive growth across the board in 2017, which is hugely encouraging – the UK as a destination of choice is on the rise. Our data reveals that we are successfully working with our hotel partners to increase demand from key international markets where visitors are more likely to spend more on rooms and other services, as well as stay longer.”
“In 2017, hoteliers benefitted from a strong marketing campaign from VisitBritain, highlighting a range of events and activities across the nation which no doubt contributed towards a rise in visitors choosing to holiday in the UK. With two royal weddings set to take place this year, 2018 is certainly shaping up to be another good year for the UK market.”
Consumer spending fell by 0.2% in October, while hotels, bars and restaurants experienced the slowest increase in spend since February 2017 of just 1%. ...
1. Decide what your book will look like, page by page. For an 8 page book, you'll need 4 rectangles of fabric. For a square shaped 15cm book, cut four 32cm x 17cm fabric rectangles (this includes the 1cm seam allowances). The page order is illustrated here.
2. If you use the paper templates, transfer them on you fabric using some tracing paper and a tracing wheel or a sharp pencil. Cut. Place the pieces on your rectangles of fabric in the order shown in the first drawing. Use fabric glue or sticky fusible web to hold them in place temporarily. Sew them with a narrow zigzag or a simple straight stitch. Don't forget to leave space for the seam allowances when placing the designs.
If you use the machine embroidery files, place the applique fabric on top of the book fabric and embroider. If you want to use several different fabrics in a single animal, here's how to do it. The machine will first embroider the design as a single line. Pause the machine after that first step and arrange your fabrics using the line as a guide. Restart the embroidery. When it's done, cut the excess fabric as close as possible to the embroidery. If you're like me, you may need a little practice and patience to get good results : I recommend doing some tests on scrap fabric first.
3. When all the appliques are done, put two pages right sides together (1-8 with 2-7, 6-3 with 4-5), and place your batting underneath. Sew as shown, keeping a short space free for turning.
7. Assemble your pages with a straight stitch in the middle. For closing the book, you can sew a nice ribbon or add a piece of fabric with snaps or velcro on the side. You can add it after the book is done or catch it between pages 1-8 and 2-7 on step 3 (if this sounds confusing, just leave me a note and I'll add a drawing).
In mid-January, the ailing Development Bank of Ethiopia (DBE) declared once again that it is in need of rescue fund.
The business weekly, Addis Fortune, reported that the bank called on the National Bank of Ethiopia (NBE) to inject more capital1 to refill its empty cash registers.
Though the health of all state banks has been in dramatic decline within the last ten years, crisis-ridden DBE has been in much more serious trouble carrying a huge burden on its shoulders in the form of non-performing loans2.
Much of these loans are taken out by crooked “borrowers” like the Endowment Fund for the Rehabilitation of Tigray, which is infamous for defaulting on the multi-billion birr loans it has been raking out from state banks.
CyberEthiopia was awarded the First Prize of the 2005 Africa Information Society Media Awards (AISI) introduced in 2003 to encourage more informed coverage of the Information Society and the Information Communication Technology for Development (ICT4D).
Ethiopia is the only country in sub-Saharan Africa to actively engage in political censorship of the Internet. Since May 2006, the top five most popular Ethiopian web sites (including CyberEthiopia) and several blogs have been blocked across the nation. The apparent objective is to prevent the dissemination of information that is critical of the regime.
© 2018 CyberEthiopia - Ethiopian News from the Internet, News from Ethiopia, Warka Forums BP 303 Geneva, Switzerland.
Note: This is ONLY to be used to report spam, advertising messages, and problematic (harassment, fighting, or rude) posts.
I'm bringing all this together because I read an interesting article about reputation systems in the Escapist recently, at
Are there any muds with a heavy code emphasis on social systems like those described in the threads above?
Do RPI muds including RP tinys fulfill the functions of these systems by default without code -- in fact are they better for not being coded?
For that matter does the social confict and interaction inherent in the PvP conflict of a typical PK mud fulfill these same functions by default?
Do social systems only work well in the context of other systems, like mud economy, combat, crafting, questing? Or could they form the base of a 'social warfare' mud?
I can't speak for MMO games too much but I'm not aware of any mud with an in-depth coded social system. RPI muds (including tinys in this category), indeed all muds, do fulfill the functions of social systems by default simply because a player will interact with other players. Of course it only counts for PvP, you need to code NPCs if you want them to fulfill the same functions, and so I think social systems have been designed only to supplement other systems like physical combat and questing.
On the other hand I think a virtual world where your character can ruin the reputation and influence of another character with a coded system would definitely make for a fun game -- with emphasis on the game, not the virtual world. Perhaps combine this with a resources game that depends heavily on your character's reputation.
I think RP would still be a viable part of the game, though I don't know if RP'ers would take to such a game because the system might provide certain constraints on their RP. It does seem like other systems like combat and crafting would still be necessary as other methods to modify reputation and influence.
Like most things, I think this is really a matter of opinion and personal preference, but I think you touch in an interesting point.
Some people like to emote combat, others prefer a hardcoded systems. There are muds which cater to both crowds. Yet when it comes to social interaction, almost every mud seems to treat this as purely an emote-controlled system. There are some muds which offer very basic social combat, but nothing comparable to the sort of hardcoded combat options most muds offer.
We recognise that there are some players who enjoy emoted socialising (often called "roleplayers") and some who don't (often called "hack-n-slashers"), but even the latter are almost invariably limited to the same emote-based options as the former. We wouldn't expect the typical hack-n-slasher to enjoy combat if it was handled purely through emotes, and equally we wouldn't expect them to pay much attention to emote-based social interaction. Yet instead of providing them with a hardcoded alternative like we do with combat, we instead simply allow them to ignore the system because we recognise that they're unlikely to enjoy it. That doesn't sound like a particularly sound design decision to me.
I was recently reading one of the World of Darkness (pen&paper roleplaying) discussion forums, and apparently they're planning to introduce a social combat system of some sort. This has caused a certain amount of controversy, particularly among the hardcore roleplayers, but it does raise some interesting questions. You don't expect the player of a combat character to demonstrate their sword-fighting skills during a combat system, so why should the player of a socialite have to demonstrate their social skills through roleplaying? Why should the shy roleplayer be forced to always play shy characters?
If you want to encourage a player to take a more active social role, then IMO a good way to start is to provide them with a viable way to play social-oriented characters. And a hardcoded system provides that option, allowing even the most socially-inept player the chance to play Casanova (even if only with NPCs).
Note: When I refer to 'emoted combat' I'm referring to emotes with no code support. I'm aware that some muds allow emotes to influence combat, but I consider these a form of hardcoded system.
I believe the WoD designers has earned more than a few prizes for their inventive and re-newing game mechanics ('rules'), but going through with this should surely earn them contempt and redicule.
At least if they insist on describing it as a 'RPG' game. Perhaps 'SRPG' - as in 'strategical' - would be fun, I don't know, but it sure as hell hasn't anything to do with what I consider a RPG game. Especially since we're talking about a table-top game here.
I'll flip a coin for entertainment before I let some rulebook decide how my character reacts to a flirt or provocation or whatever.
Very interesting article in the Escapist, ide. Seems I've been missing out on a a good site there. Thanks
Well, similar things have been done in RPGs before - D&D's reaction roll system comes to mind. Doesn't seem to fit well with White Wolf's apparent philosophy, though - strip down d20 and you have a not-especially-realistic squad-level tactical sim, but strip down a World of Darkness game and you have an Anne Rice novel.
I can see algorithmic social combat working in a MUD under certain circumstances, but I wouldn't introduce it in a game based around socializing - it seems to be basically social climbing for hack-and-slashers.
I don't think this is really a major issue; from what I've been able to deduce, socializing on the Internet doesn't seem to trigger many of the same blocks that socializing in real life would. A player may be uninterested in a MUD's social scene or consider it unrewarding, but that's more a matter of playing style than native personality.
I don't think this is really a major issue; from what I've been able to deduce, socializing on the Internet doesn't seem to trigger many of the same blocks that socializing in real life would.
Taking the liberty of rephrasing KaVir's question, and I think getting at what he was really saying if you look at the context of that quote, why should the less skilled RPers be forced to always play the less socially skilled characters?
Clearly that is a generalized question. Skilled RP does not always mean playing a socialite. However I'm curious if the effects of skilled RP can be duplicated and augmented effectively with code, is this something many players (RPers and PKers) would respond to?
Is it going backwards to play a mud as a game and not a 'virtual world' where many characters simply are aspects of the players personality glossed by a fantasy or sci-fi veneer?
I've often thought it would be interesting to have a "social combat" system in a MUD to allow a wider variety of approaches to a problem. If you have to get past a guard then the only way to do it in most MUDs is to kill him. In the real world there might be countless ways of achieving the same goal: sneak past him, sweet-talk him into letting you past, threaten him, bribe him, disguise yourself as a colleague, pretend to be a surprise inspection by his superiors, etc. etc.
One could easily imagine a system where the player could choose various methods of initimidation where "victory" would mean the guard succumbing to fear sufficiently to let the player past, or methods of persuasion/flirtation/seduction, and so on. One ould even imagine guilds/classes whose adepts were specially trained in arts such as seduction, suggestion, and con artistry. The problem with all of this, though, is I can't imagine a system like this ever working well against other players, as opposed to NPCs.
As Massaria says, most players will throw a tantrum if their characters are no longer always allowed to react to something in the way that they, the players, choose that they should. One can imagine an ad hoc system of player vs player manipulation ("let me through this door, and I'll give you netsex") but this is a system that depends entirely on the personality and abilities of the player, not the character, and is inherently OOC. It would take a very dedicated RP-er to be able to say "okay, I guess my character wouldn't be able to resist that sort of flirtation so I'll let you through" even though the player is well aware that his character is being manipulated and his instinct is to refuse.
Mind you, this is not actually all that different from allowing the game to contain a "charm person" spell. If one player successfully casts that on another, how do you handle it? Would players be happy if the game occasionally allowed other players to control them magically?
Well, that kind of argument works both ways. To take one example, if you have a reasonably sophisticated combat system, player skill is as much a limiting factor as anything else; by your reasoning, therefore, why should someone who can't hack the combat system be limited to playing noncombative or martially incompetent characters?
The obvious response is that managing combat is a learned skill, so getting better at the voluntary aspects of the game is effectively a reward for continuing to play it. This is arguably unfair within the context of the game, since it commingles traits belonging to a character with traits belonging to its player, but it's increasingly common anyway because many players value the extra control more than theoretical fairness. With this in mind, you probably want to introduce some degree of player choice into your combat system, with its limits set by your design and target audience.
Good roleplaying is also a learned skill, and the same arguments apply. The default seems to be much closer to the voluntary end of the scale, though; I think there are a number of reasons for this. MUDs are better at facilitating conversation and even body language (through emotes) than refereeing player-written swordfights; it's easier to write good dialogue than good action; social interaction doesn't have the same kind of immediate consequences, making voluntary systems harder to abuse; and the roleplaying genre in general has historically leaned toward algorithmic combat and player-directed socializing.
Note that I'm not saying algorithmic social combat is automatically a bad thing; I think it could be a good addition to, say, an achievement- or PK-based game in a socially Byzantine setting. I don't think it'd play well with a socializing-heavy game, though, and I strongly disagree with the idea that it makes roleplaying somehow fairer.
I'm curious if the effects of skilled RP can be duplicated and augmented effectively with code, is this something many players (RPers and PKers) would respond to?
Insofar as skilled roleplaying is a means to an end, yes. However, it can also be seen as an end in itself; I doubt that can be duplicated easily, if at all.
Supposing we have Bubba, a player with strong social skills, who creates a purely physical character. Then we have Boffo, a rather shy player who is eager for the challenge of roleplaying a socialite.
If you don't take mechanics into account, then Bubba is going to be able to smoothly roleplay his way through every social encounter (despite the fact that his character has no social skills) while Boffo is going to seriously struggle to reflect the abilities that his character should possess.
Without mechanical support, the only fair way to approach this situation is to force Bubba to always allocate a large percentage of his character's creation points to social attributes and abilities.
Personally I've always preferred a combination of the two - the player roleplays the situation, and depending how well they do I assign a modifier to their roll. I apply this to all situations however (including combat), not just social ones. If you want to decide how well you respond to a provocation then you can use your roleplaying skills to improve your chances, but if your character is a complete coward then he's unlikely to spit in the dragon's eye, regardless of your wishes.
The mechanics shouldn't interfere with good roleplaying, but they can potentially be used to prevent bad roleplaying.
I'm not sure it's the only fair way to deal with this problem, but yeah, it does seem a fair solution.
I think we can agree that Bubba is a bad roleplayer (he doesn't stay in character). If, for instance, players were required to include 3 positive traits and 1 bad trait in the process of character creation, and each occurence of roleplay (player consented and marked in code), would allow the participants to evaluate the other parties in the scene - as related to these traits.
I'd argue that Bubba would get a very poor rating very fast, and thus other players would think twice before entering RP with such a poorly rated player.
I know peer review is nothing new, but it works just fine as far as I'm concerned - There's no need to introduce all kinds of cumbersome mechanics to a probelm which has already found a solution.
We haven't yet discussed exactly how these mechanics would influence the character's freedom of choice. But supposing that it does bar the character from taking certain courses of action, then this approach certainly has potential to demote roleplay to a matter of 'stat-tweaking' - the emphasis on how to create an dominating character rather than portraying one. This may or may not turn out fun - but it has little to do with RP.
I don't think weak roleplayers deserve the benefit of design changes specifically tailored to their shortcommings any more than people with a weak analytical mind, poor attention span or a gullible personality.
I think an automated system like Shasarak describes would be just fine, but I don't want some game routine determining how my character reacts - that's my job.
In my opinion that's a symptom of bad game design - the fact that it not only supports, but actively rewards bad roleplaying.
If, for instance, players were required to include 3 positive traits and 1 bad trait in the process of character creation, and each occurence of roleplay (player consented and marked in code), would allow the participants to evaluate the other parties in the scene - as related to these traits.
Nice in theory, but useless in practice. Bubba the bad roleplayer helps you out, or otherwise provides support for your roleplaying activities? Good rating. Boffo the good roleplayer participates in plotlines which hinder you? Bad rating.
Bubba's rating would depend almost entirely on his popularity - and being a highly social individual, that popularity could be very high.
Check out the various mud listing sites to see how effective such a "solution" is - they're nothing more than popularity contests, and have practically nothing to do with the quality of the muds.
I disagree - as long as you implement limitations that are guaranteed to be valid for the character in question, they cannot hinder good roleplaying, only bad roleplaying.
However that results in games where players can only play characters who have the same mental and social mindsets as themselves. Would you really force a player to demonstrate knowledge of medical procedures in order to play a healer? Would you honestly require players to use their own legal knowledge for their characters to fight court cases within the mud? Would a player really have to demonstrate real-life leather-working skills in order to make a pair of leather gloves?
It's only your job within reason. Your character cannot do everything you can do, nor does it know everything you know, and it's the job of the GM to stop you when you try to go beyond those limitations. In the case of muds, the mud itself is the GM (at least in most respects).
Roleplaying game. Without dice (or some other equivilent) there is no game, only a talker. And like all games, there are rules - and rules need to be enforced.
If your savage brain-eating barbarian turns into a casanova overnight without any reason then that's not "your job", but bad roleplaying, and it's up to the GM (either human or mud) to stop it.
Like many things, a peer review system succeeds massively when it succeeds at all, and fails massively when it fails. There are many, for example, MUSHes, that employ such a system, and due to the playerbase they attract, they do quite well. Similarly, if you stuck such a system on a random mud, I suspect it would perform quite poorly.
And really, it's a value judgement for how far you want to take it. Muds lie somewhere between the mostly human world (maybe tabletop, as an example) and the mostly computerized world (maybe CRPGs, as an example). Which side your system favors is up to you.
First off, let's be clear that we're talking muds here, not table-top - at least that's where I'm comming from with this post.
All systems have their weak points. This is one, certainly, which is why the focus should always be on whether or not a given player portrayed the personality traits registered with his 'whois' report.
Perhaps, after these ratings are given upon a completed scene, the players would rate eachother yet another time - this time over whether or not the rating they gave out was a fair one. People who give out 'unfair' ratings would be shunned like those who RP poorly.
Of course, the system is still subject to nepotism/favouritism, but that doesn't mean it couldn't fulfill its function of securing better roleplay in general terms.
But you can't -ever- quarantee that the limitations are valid. That's exactly the beauty of roleplay. If done well, characters evolve; they shrug off old fears and acquire new ones, develop a taste for one food or nervous behavious after a mugging... you get the picture. Placing limitations on how I'm allowed to react will hinder this evolution. A computerized system can never (well, can't yet) simulate or anticipate how a given character should react to a given situation.
As a GM in a table-top, you can easily discern a player who goes out of bounds, but having some automated mechanism decide that for you is just utopia with our current technology.
It's an old problem, and one that I've discussed often in various gaming groups. How do you account for a player who plays a character with god-like intelligence? How can the shy, quiet player benefit from his astounding charisma?
There's solutions to this problem, but I've yet to come across a satisfactory one - and I've never, until now, heard the proposal that it be solved by forcing other *players* to react in a certain way. It's more easy with NPCs (making tables and indexing various stats to derive a general attitude).
You're proposing that a system like this will help poor roleplayers 'get what they deserve' - that they can force other players to react in a certain manner simply because they have the stats to make it happen.
I don't see how this could help make good RP, I only see that it takes away any RP at all. It may make it more fair between good and poor RP'ers, but is that really what we want - to punish the good PR'ers simply for being good RP'ers?
True, but one of the aspects which isn't included here, is RP. And rightly so. As stated earlier, I think such a system could only produce bland and stereotypical characters.
Well, 'game' is not easily defined, but I'm fairly certain that you'd have to look long and hard to find one that claims dice, or a random factor, must be part of the system before it could be called a game.
Take Osiris' 'Yes/no/huh' game on TMC. I'd certainly call that a game, yet it has no random factors at all.
I'm not sure what point you're making about the rules, but just for kicks I might say that even though rules need to be enforeced, they aren't necessarily good rules, and even if they are, they need to be re-evaluated from time to time.
Naturally. But how would you make the mud know that the change is actually alright (as it conceivably could be)? I don't see a reasonable way of doing that - but if the mud could take on the role of a human GM, I'd be all for it, no doubt.
This is getting a bit off-topic, so I'll focus on the main (original) points, which seem to have been missed.
Well you originally responded by attacking the WoD tabletop system's approach to social combat, so I was really arguing from the perspective of both.
In a tabletop roleplaying game I expect my players roleplay out their encounters, but I'll also require them to roll the dice to see how well they did. The quality of their roleplaying will certainly provide a modifier to the roll, but they cannot rely purely on roleplaying. The smooth-talking player may well get a bonus to his dice rolls for his persuasive arguments, but if his character has no social skills he's still going to have some serious difficulties. The same is true of physical and mental characters.
Without some sort of random factor, social skills and attributes are useless. It also becomes practically impossible to enforce many other modifiers that could be quickly and easily handled through a dice roll.
This isn't really about forcing you into doing things, but rather a case of requiring the character to have the appropriate skills rather than the player. You (the player) can get your character to attempt to lift a car above her head, but if the character is a weakling she's highly unlikely to succeed. Just as the "village idiot" character is unlikely to successfully build a fusion reactor in his basement. Just as the smelly hermit is unlikely to successfully inspire a nation into worshipping him as a god.
We know these things are unlikely. Common sense tells us that they are unlikely. But how are you going to decide them without dice? Are you just going to "choose" the results?
The other point I was making was specifically in regard muds - in particular, non-roleplaying muds. If the players aren't interested in roleplaying anyway, then the whole social side of the mud is an untapped resource that could be turned into another part of the game. Just as some people prefer purely roleplayed combat, so some people also prefer purely roleplayed social encounters - but I doubt anyone would argue that all muds should handle combat without coded support. So why, then, the idea that all muds should handle social encounters without code?
One area I think something like this could work very well is in systems of player run organisations and political institutions with elected leadership positions. As well as the usual one member one vote, each candidate could receive a number of bonus votes based on their social/leadership/charisma skills etc. With a secret ballot the precise numbers of bonus votes to each character could be kept hidden from the players, adding a nice element of extra tension to the political process.
I think this would be a nice addition to these kinds of systems, and would certainly make it easier for players to create a more political/leadership focused character, regardless of their own social skills or popularity.
The quality of their roleplaying will certainly provide a modifier to the roll, but they cannot rely purely on roleplaying. The smooth-talking player may well get a bonus to his dice rolls for his persuasive arguments, but if his character has no social skills he's still going to have some serious difficulties. The same is true of physical and mental characters.
Well, I'll admit that there might be a dichotomy in the way I handle this in table-top RPGs. I've never used dice to determine the reactions of characters under my control (NPCs). Never.
But I do use them to check whether some character can lift the car or not, and it's a valid question to ask 'why one and not the other?'.
I guess the answer lies with science. It's easy to determine how much a character can lift, whether he's fictional or not - that we introduce a random factor to arrive at the exact amount is within reason - not even world-class weightlifters can lift the same from day to day.
We also quantify a character's personal magnetism by a number, but to introduce a random factor here to arrive at a result of 'failure' or 'success' isn't reasonable in my eyes. It's enough, for me as a GM, to know that this character is lovable or repugnant in order to determine the reactions of people.
By simply turning over the outcome to some standard table you're creating stereotypical bahaviour in ALL you NPCs - You aren't allowing for some NPCs to be attracted to broken noses and scaring and others to be repelled by smooth-talking warren beaty(?) types.
Buttom line is you can't convincingly reduce human interaction to a set of equations or algorithms. With feats of strength, speed, combat and all those, it's another matter.
Just as some people prefer purely roleplayed combat, so some people also prefer purely roleplayed social encounters - but I doubt anyone would argue that all muds should handle combat without coded support. So why, then, the idea that all muds should handle social encounters without code?
I don't give a hoot if people start implementing mechanics to reflect social dominance and standing - they just can't call it roleplay, not in my book.
in HD Quality with movie synopsis "" in best look. Full Streaming Dominion Season 2 Episode 12 : Day of Wrath
movie with single prepare the style by exploring the image of the sign way up button. Enjoy the many albums brand-new movie with all favorite movie internet! just play this movie Dominion Season 2 Episode 12 : Day of Wrath
today for full access this online movie. This can be truly spectacular and can among those rare awesome. The excellent was great throughout. Management, pictures and graphic effects had been all incredibly innovative and also brilliant. The pleasure with the script, often humorous and possesses lots of heart for many his characters are common very beautifully shaped.
You've just seen the movie categories titled Dominion Season 2 Episode 12 : Day of Wrath. You can bookmark this page with the URL http://muffincorderosa.blogspot.com/2015/07/dominion-season-2-episode-12-day-of.html. Thank you!
Download Full Masters of Sex Season 3 Episode 12 : Full Ten Count in Top Quality Now you can enjoy Masters of Sex Season 3 Episode 12 : Ful...
Free Gravity Falls Season 2 Episode 13 : Dungeons, Dungeons, & More Dungeons in Best Quality Now you can enjoy Gravity Falls Season 2 E...
Download Full Ballers Season 1 Episode 10 : Flamingos in Top Quality Now you can enjoy Ballers Season 1 Episode 10 : Flamingos in best vid...
Free Devious Maids Season 3 Episode 2 : From Here to Eternity in Best Quality Now you can enjoy Devious Maids Season 3 Episode 2 : From Her...
Play Full Mistresses Season 3 Episode 3 : Odd Couples in HD Format Now you can download full Mistresses Season 3 Episode 3 : Odd Couples i...
This post is called Memorial Donation Card Template. You can download all the image about home and design for free. Below are the image gallery of Memorial Donation Card Template, if you like the image or like this post please contribute with us to share this post to your social media or save this post in your device.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on the website that is not deathspellomega.com property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does deathspellomega.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Lunch at the original El Fenix in downtown Dallas brought back so many memories. When I worked in Dallas in the late ’70s, we would treat ourselves to mexican food. The old dining room looked basically the same. We drove toured the area and then went to the top of the hotel that has the swimming pool cantilevered over the downtown street. Below it was a museum with a great optical display. Sometimes we enjoy a big city and all it’s sights.
Most of our families go their separate ways for Thanksgiving, so we try to get together at Priscilla’s for a pre-turkey day celebration. Dana, Jason and the grand girls came up to Pottsboro. Vicki and all of her family were there, too. David had fun making gingerbread houses with Sophie and Maddie, then Maddie helped him lick the beaters , for the whipped cream. We had a wonderful dinner and then the girls played at a park near the lake. Every moment with these sweet babies is captured on pictures, but we will hold them in our memories forever! We are blessed beyond measure!
Please feel free to click on any of these ad boxes. It costs you nothing, but we get a few pennies when you do. It helps us buy that next tank of diesel. Thanks!
Tiny wavelets on the way to Rome last night. Finally… a good night’s sleep? Not for me. It seemed endless, as I woke up a dozen times to peak at the clock. This was the first time we had to be somewhere early in the morning and even though I set an alarm and arranged for a wake up call… I kept imagining that both safeguards would fail and we would miss our bus to Rome; taillights mocking us as they receded from view. My mom calls it “trip jitters”. I call it neurosis. Steve slept like a deadman.
We were quite surprised to find a hand written note from the Pope under our stateroom door this morning inviting us to tea at the Vatican. Apparently, he feels that our Catholic friends back home are in need of serious attention and requested a joint prayer session. We assumed the note was delivered to the wrong room, since all of you are either perfect little angels or beyond any help we could offer. We decided to hang out with the pagans in ancient Rome instead.
The port (Civitavecchia) is about an hour’s drive from Rome. Deep green hills full of grazing sheep and sleeping vineyards held our attention along the way. It was a stunning day with a deep blue cloudless sky, no wind, and warmth. We were dropped off at the Piazza del Popolo (People’s Plaza) with 7 hours to explore. It was Saturday and the city was buzzing with Romans living life. Coffee flowing in outdoor cafes, treasure filled shopping bags ready to burst, groups of old men gesticulating wildly to get their point across, and a cigarette in almost every hand. Hello? Smoking Kills!
Our first stop was the Piazza di Spagna (Spanish Steps), where we were greeted with The Rules posted in Italian and English.
Aren’t translations fun? For centuries, important citizens and visitors congregated at the Steps. Artists scoured the area in search of models. People were (and still are) hoping to be discovered. The site is no less popular in contemporary Rome, but the refinement has faded (one look at The Rules will tell you that).
Next we headed to the Trevi Fountain. It is said, that if you casually toss a coin over your left shoulder into the fountain, it will ensure a return visit. A second coin will grant you a wish. The guy who scrubs the bottom is among the richest in the city. I’m sure he reports all the cash income too. Just like his father, who started the Legend.
Our next stop was the Pantheon; completed in 27 BC and still completely whole. It started life as a Pagan place of worship and was later consecrated as a Catholic Church. The huge round open hole in the roof is the only light source. The massive columns (40 feet high and 6 feet in diameter) came from Egypt.
Then it was off to find lunch. We wanted a place where the menus had no translations and the owner was stereotypically Italian. We found it. There was a large middle aged woman sitting behind a cash register and stroking a cat who was lying ON the menus. She pried them from under his generous rump, and led us to a beat up wooden table with ornate chairs. We were plodding through the unfamiliar words when she returned with unappealing white bread. I took a bite out of curiosity – before I remembered that in Europe – nothing that gets delivered to the table is free. You have to ask for it to be removed pronto – or you pay for it – even if you don’t touch it. We spent 4 Euros ($5.00 US) for bread that should have been tossed three weeks ago. Stupid tourists. The pasta was fantastic though. I had Rigatoni Carbonara that was thickly coated with tangy cheese and salty ham. Steve had a squiggly pasta smothered in mushrooms, ham, and something we could not quite identify. The cat kept us company by weaving through our legs and depositing long hairs on our jeans. He even jumped on the table to take a closer look at our meals. We wanted an authentic experience, we got it.
After lunch we headed to the Coliseum, completed in 80 AD and the most celebrated of all Roman monuments. Up to 50,000 spectators crowded in for horrifying “entertainment” as live (unarmed) men confronted lions (or each other). Violence was a drug in this depraved society. With a bit of imagination, we can make the parallel to 21st century spectator sports and video games, can’t we? Our last stop was the ancient remnants of the Roman Forum before heading back to our pick up point.
Today we continued on our Southeasterly course towards the Suez Canal and Egypt. Predawn, we passed the volcanic island of Stromboli and witnessed 2 eruptions in 30 minutes. Lava was vomited over 300 feet high! Despite this “Old Faithful” pattern, there is a tiny village of fisherman who cling to the nearly nonexistent coast line behind the crater. Soon after, we passed through the Straights of Messina between the “toe” of Italy’s boat and the Island of Sicily. It was clear enough to see Mt. Etna. A dormant volcano in Sicily over 10,000 feet high and covered in snow. It is a rare sight as the mountain is usually shrouded in mist.
Our only land sighting today was the Island of Crete. Greek owned, and believed to be Plato’s fabled Lost City of Atlantis. We will start our transit of the Suez Canal around 4 AM tomorrow.
© Cynthia Gray and cynthiagraywrites.com, 2018. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Cynthia Gray and cynthiagraywrites.com with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
Admin October 27, 2018 November 12, 2018 Leave a Comment on New Zealand: Health Requirements for a Skilled Migrant Visa
It is important to understand what the health requirements are for a skilled migrant visa. A failure to know that you…
Welfare System One of the attractions of migration to New Zealand is the very strong welfare system they have in…
The Cyrenaica Archaeological Project (CAP) is an international mission under the direction of Professor Susan Kane, Oberlin College, USA. CAP is the successor to the American archaeological mission in Cyrene that excavated the Sanctuary of Demeter and Persephone in the Wadi Bel Gadir under the direction of Professor Donald White, University of Pennsylvania.
Using the Wadi bel Gadir as its starting point, the ultimate aim of the Cyrenaica Archaeological Project is to characterize the nature, pattern, and dynamics of human habitation and land use in the city of Cyrene and its territory. Cyrene is the lynchpin for understanding the area that it dominates and future investigations will consider the micro-region of Cyrene within the wider regional context of the Cyrenaica.
In addition to its archaeological work, CAP is collaborating with the Department of Antiquities in Shahat on a series of capacity building and infrastructure improvement projects.
christopher consultants is providing surveying, arborist and engineering services to Whiting Turner for the Intelligence Community Campus – Bethesda (ICC-B). The project involves the demolition and renovation of existing buildings and construction of a new 200,000 SF building. Additional site work will include designing site stormwater management solutions, extensive landscaping, a new parking garage containing 1,800 vehicle spaces, an installation gate and a visitor control center.
ICC-B project efforts are ongoing, with completion anticipated in 2016. To date, christopher has performed tasks including arborist services, horizontal and vertical control, topographic and boundary surveys and stakeout of the utilities, ponds and buildings. Engineering services provided include site planning, grading and permitting support.
The U.S Army Corps of Engineers is redeveloping the ICC-B into a community campus for approximately 3,000 intelligence workers. The redesigned site will create a secure campus that supports the collaboration of the intelligence community while reusing an existing government facility. Additional site work will include a full renovation of the building facades and design and implementation of upgrades to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA).
Recently, Robert Parker put Serges wines in to the superstar category but, typical of the man, he has maintained our allocation just as it was before, despite phenomenal demand from the USA.
Deep coloured with a bouquet of ripe cherry fruit, this is a very approachable wine with the emphasis on ripeness and "crunchy" fruit with excellent balance.
Christopher Piper Wines Ltd. will not sell to anyone under the UK legal drinking age of 18 years. To purchase products on the site you must be eighteen years of age or more.
You must ensure that the details provided by you on ordering or at any time are correct and complete.
We examine the history of social networking, netwrk BBSes and Friendster to Diaspora and beyond. There's hookkp to see and do in Kathmandu city and around the Kathmandu Valley. It's often a lot faster to see the city by walking so after networi through these. Nov 14, 2010nbsp;0183;32;Touchdown. Jessica Simpson and free agent NFL player Eric Johnson are getting married, a rep confirms to PEOPLE. quot;Yes, we… This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites Nehwork United States of America is the undisputed heavyweight of online dating.
Online dating hoolup Brazil, Colombia, Argentina and other countries just cannot compare in. The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs. India, officially the Republic of India (Bhārat Gaṇarājya), is a country in Sat hookup network Asia. It is the seventh-largest country sat hookup network area, the second-most populous. Dating tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you tips on dating a girl in middle school hard in seconds.
Enter and get off now. The truth about online dating for over-50s: which websites buzzfeed dating sites best for grown-ups. Adverts for events, friendship, or romance. Event calendar and articles. Get information, facts, and pictures about Saudi Arabia at Encyclopedia. com. Make research projects and school reports about Saudi Sat hookup network easy with credible articles.
Culture of France - sat hookup network, people, clothing, traditions, women, beliefs, food, customs, family Cr-Ga Benefit from our FREE Online Interracial Dating Services. Unlike other dating boxbox dating annie, InterracialDatingCentral is a specialist interracial dating site dedicated to.
If you're a single person who networo searching for a. The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Sat hookup network. Guaranteed Dates. Most popular dating sites in italy dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating. I thought I loved my wife from the moment we started dating.
I was wrong. Halesowen h eɪ l z ˈ oʊ. ɪ n is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley, in the West Midlands, England. Historically in Worcestershire, the town is. Jan 04, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Virtually every aspect of cybercrime has been made into a service or plug-and-play product. That includes dating scams - … Do online nookup websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. Hoolup I learned sat hookup network interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but.
UkraineDate. com. Sat hookup network is the best online dating site in Ukraine. This site is where I would focus 95 of my energy if I was looking for a Ukrainian woman to. Online dating seemed ideal, and was surely going to be the gateway to widen my dating horizons. As a dating services in milwaukee and a marketer, it should have been almost effortless to. Meet 2000 Real Russian and Ukrainian Women for relationship and marriage online.
Live Video Chat in dating kaliningrad clicks. Find your love now. Dating site exclusively for UK Christians. Post a profile and meet like-minded single Christians, through messages sat hookup network, emails, IM and meetups. SeniorMatch - top senior dating site for singles over 50. Meet senior people and start mature dating with the best 50 plus dating website and apps now.
A breakdown of who Cameron Dating pregnancy from ovulation has dated, his ex-girlfriend, his future wife and what the current status of his love life is. Buy, sell and swap your stuff with trusted people on MoboFree. Find jobs, dating cyclists uk, houses, mobile phones and much more for sale in your region conveniently.
For black women dating white men, black men looking for. Columbia High School is a four-year comprehensive regional public high school in Maplewood, New Jersey, which serves students in ninth through twelfth grades, as the. Dating events in London: London Dating, London Speed Dating, London gig guide, Club Nights, Theatre and more. Buy your tickets or get on the guestlist for free Plural. ca is the only free dating site that caters exclusively to adults living in Canada, and is the best online dating site to meet Canadian singles. Jasper52 presents expertly curated antique, vintage and collectible goods in partnership with the world's most trusted auction houses. Focusing on the rare and. Low on cash. Date like youre still in high school and enjoy these fun ideas together. Have a dance party in your living room and dance to your favorite songs. Many so called free Credit Card Number sites work about half the time and only for a Netflix trial membership. But, here is how to do it if you wish to give it. The Maine Coalition to End Domestic Violence (MCEDV) is partnering with New Ventures Maine (NVME) to address economic abuse as a tactic of domestic violence abusers. Jewish Singles. Jewish Matchmaker Professional Jewish singles A World of Jewish Singles has set up the Gold Standard in Jewish Matchmaking New York LA Miami PERFECT. I just ended it with a guy I have been with almost 4 years (off and on). We have a son together. I realized that I was done being an option to him. Ontario ( ɒ n ˈ t ɛər i oʊ ( listen); French: ), one of the 13 provinces and territories of Canada, is in east-central Canada. It is Canada's most populous. ONLINE DATING AT EquestrianSingles. com, CountryWesternSingles. com amp; EquestrianFriends. com. More than 90,000 singles have … dadshouse. Now now, dont hate on men Im a single guy who is dating, and women I meet text me all the time. Its not a gender thing. It drove me crazy for. The best casual sex app only for nsa fun (no strings attached dating). Join for free. Find one night stand, fwb, swinging, affairs and other adult hookups 169; 2017 Contenko - Home - About - Contact - Privacy - Terms Nookup Trump quot;Is Not Christianquot;; Trump: Pope has No Right to Question My Faith; Vance: Investigators Must Access Digital Data; Farage: EU-UK Deal Would Be hookp. Petaling Jaya Call Girl service, massage in zat Sat hookup network Bintang, escort model bukit bintang,malaysia, kl sex service,KL escort girl, Ampang Escort model,Bangsar Call. The homepage for Forbes Video. Karlie Kloss is no stranger in the modeling world, but she's also making a name for herself as an entrepreneur. Dating as an institution is a relatively sat hookup network phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. Satt the standpoint what to ask a new guy youre dating anthropology and sociology. The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Service. Guaranteed Top 20 usa dating sites. Our dating experts provide an enjoyable alternative to online dating networrk. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and sat hookup network science of download lagu katty perry hook up Serena Williams showcases her enormous diamond sat hookup network ring following Alexis Ohanian's proposal Networkk Greek sat hookup network Greece USA Canada Australia, make Greek friends, meet Greek sat hookup network for love and romance, Register and hooku for free. Page to find shemale escorts. Botswana african american speed dating in tampa fl to recognise transgender man in landmark case - PinkNews Dating service for jehovahs witnesses porn search engine that contain awesome porn vids from biggest adult tubes. So get your favourite hq porn free online dating over 30 and get to mobile for free. eHarmony experts take on sat hookup network, st and the science of love Thats why it can be so hard sat hookup network let go. We fear that the relationship we sat hookup network was our one shot at true love. So, we over-analyze sat hookup network. We put our ex on a pedestal. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which victor webster dating alyssa milano famous christian dating on match.com world over. Beaches like Puerto. Connectivity First Evidence That Hookuup Dating Is Hoojup the Nature of Society Dating websites have changed the way couples meet. Now evidence is emerging that this. Everything you need to know about the latest smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and more. hoo,up Free Hookup Sex dating sat hookup network get laid with local hot amp; sexy horny girls. The World's Best 42 dating 22 site. Fed up of paying 99162; for your music. Looking for legal and dating a married man who is separated free downloads netork CD Sat hookup network. Read the review below sat hookup network visit their site. 100 Interracial dating argumentative essay Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Sat hookup network Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … Did you notice any strange xbox charges on your credit card recently. I did as well. I found out where they came from and offer up ways to get rid of them. Browse the sitemap for 123greetings. com Check out the various categories, subcategories, events, holiday celebrations and send ecards to … Dr. Diana's Dating Coach and Love Mentoring program gives you a free 40 minute dating amp; relationship coaching session with one of her expert mentors. Looking for love in London. London Cyclist takes a look at cycle speed dating, and what cyclists want in a romantic partner. How do you move from casual dating to serious relationship. I answer your dating Q's, and explain exactly how to turn your casual fling into a serious thing Auto Ratgeber zu allen Themen rund ums Auto: Experten Tipps zu Autokauf, Autoverkauf, Autopflege, EU-Importen, Autokrediten, Autoleasing, uvm. Smell dating matchmaking services connect people based on their scents, and there's some research to back it up Feb 10, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Listening to personal narratives helped patients control high blood pressure as effectively as the addition of more medications. OkCupid is popular in South Africa, as well as around the globe. The site takes online dating to a whole new level with complex algorithms to find the perfect match. WHY YOU, A MASTER MASON SHOULD BE INTERESTED IN THE YORK RITE OF FREEMASONRY REFERENCE - Grand Encampment WEB SITE quot;Further Light in Masonryquot; THE YORK RITE The Horween leather used in our cases is made in the traditional style dating back to 1905. Most leathers use synthetic tanning chemicals, synthetic dyes, spray. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Pope: Trump quot;Is Not Christianquot;; Trump: Pope has No Right to Question My Faith; Vance: Investigators Must Access Digital Data; Farage: EU-UK Deal Would Be. Shemale Escort Ana Livia in Barcelona - liviatrans in Spain. http:www. shemalesathenas. comIf you are looking for a beautifulsuper active and feminine and a. Get the latest science news and technology news, read tech reviews and more at ABC News. How to Keep a Man Interested. So you've spent a lot of time and effort getting a man's attention. Great job.
The Deeside Line is now a mecca for walking, cycling and railway enthusiasts. Originally The Deeside Railway Line ran from Aberdeen to Ballater and was used by Queen Victoria. The Deeside Way is an alternative name for the path of the old Deeside Railway line.
The Deeside Line closed in 1966 under “The Beeching Axe” and was dismantled. Deeside Railway Railway Line carriages were sold to farmers; usually to keep their livestock in. A few still remain today, rusting away in the beautiful Aberdeenshire countryside.
The former Deeside railway line is now extensively used for walking and cycling, and a working part of the railway has been reconstructed at Crathes.
Whether you are walking, cycling or taking a train ride on The Deeside Line there are terrific views of the River Dee; as the railway runs alongside it in many areas.
Originally it was intended that The Deeside Line would run all the way to Braemar; however this never came to fruition as it would have invaded Queen Victoria’s privacy at Balmoral Castle. The Great North of Scotland Railway building was erected in Braemar, and remains to this day.
Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them.
Note: References are provided for the convenience of the reader to help distinguish between vulnerabilities. The list is not intended to be complete.
20060109 Disclaimer: The entry creation date may reflect when the CVE ID was allocated or reserved, and does not necessarily indicate when this vulnerability was discovered, shared with the affected vendor, publicly disclosed, or updated in CVE.
This is an entry on the CVE List, which provides common identifiers for publicly known cybersecurity vulnerabilities.
Use of the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE®) List and the associated references from this website are subject to the terms of use. CVE is sponsored by NSD, NCCIC in the office of Cybersecurity and Communications at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Copyright © 1999–2018, The MITRE Corporation. CVE and the CVE logo are registered trademarks of The MITRE Corporation. For more information, please contact us.
Directions under section 35A of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 (AACS) - Sikar Urban Co-operative Bank Ltd; Sikar (Rajasthan) 148 kb
With this makeover, we also take a small step into social media. We will now use Twitter (albeit one way) to send out alerts on the announcements we make and YouTube to place in public domain our press conferences, interviews of our top management, events, such as, town halls and of course, some films aimed at consumer literacy.
Please save the url of the refurbished site in your favourites as we will give up the existing site shortly and register or re-register yourselves for receiving RSS feeds for uninterrupted alerts from the Reserve Bank.
Do feel free to give us your feedback by clicking on the feedback button on the right hand corner of the refurbished site.
Select Course Select B.Tech in Computer Science B.Tech in Electrical & Electronics B.Tech in Civil Engineering B.Tech in Electronics & Communication B.Tech in Information Technology B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) Bachelor of Education (B.ED) Bachelor of Pharmacy (B.Pharma) Master of Business Administration (MBA) Master of Computer Application (MCA) Master of Pharmacy (M.Pharma) Masters in Computer Application Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM)
Three hundred years after the events of the Mistborn trilogy, Scadrial is now on the verge of modernity, with railroads to supplement the canals, electric lighting in the streets and the homes of the wealthy, and the first steel-framed skyscrapers racing for the clouds.
Kelsier, Vin, Elend, Sazed, Spook, and the rest are now part of history?or religion. Yet even as science and technology are reaching new heights, the old magics of Allomancy and Feruchemy continue to play a role in this reborn world. Out in the frontier lands known as the Roughs, they are crucial tools for the brave men and women attempting to establish order and justice.
One such is Waxillium Ladrian, a rare Twinborn, who can Push on metals with his Allomancy and use Feruchemy to become lighter or heavier at will. After twenty years in the Roughs, Wax has been forced by family tragedy to return to the metropolis of Elendel. Now he must reluctantly put away his guns and assume the duties and dignity incumbent upon the head of a noble house. Or so he thinks, until he learns the hard way that the mansions and elegant tree-lined streets of the city can be even more dangerous than the dusty plains of the Roughs.»
You must read and agree to these terms and conditions before you may access or view our sites. Please read them carefully. By visiting the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM website, you are agreeing to its terms. This Agreement is subject to change at any time, and changes are effective upon posting. Bookmark this page and check it frequently as it is up to you to refer to this page for any amendments/changes to the original Agreement.
Membership in the service is void where prohibited. By using and/or viewing this site, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all of its terms and conditions and that you are at least 18-years old. (21-years old in AL, MS, NE, WY, and any other location where 18 is not the age of majority).
The CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM site is for the personal use and viewers only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors. Organizations, companies, and/or businesses may not become members of CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM and should not use the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM service or site for any purpose. Illegal and/or unauthorized uses of the site, including unauthorized framing of or linking to the site or the sending of unsolicited bulk commercial e-mail will be investigated, and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation, civil, criminal, and injunctive redress. In order to prevent the sending of unsolicited email to its members, CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM may take reasonable steps, including the limiting of the numbers of emails sent by a member.
The site contains the copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM, and its licensors. Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given permission, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any such proprietary information.
A) CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM claims immunity from liability to the fullest extent under the law and as provided under the Communications Decency Act for Content provided by third parties and members and nothing in this Agreement is intended to waive, remove, or usurp such immunity. You understand and agree that CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. may delete any content, messages, photos or profiles (collectively, "Content") that in the sole judgment CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. violates the Terms of Use or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. and/or its members. B) You are solely responsible for the content that you publish or display (hereinafter, "post") on the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM, or transmit to other CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. members. C) By posting content to any public area of CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. and its members, an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully-paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute such information, rights of publicity, and content and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works and other media, such information and content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. As a visitor to CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM if you provide CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. with your e-mail address via a registration process or post it on CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM you thereby authorize CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. and its affiliates and any entities that CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. becomes involved with or merges with, the right to use and/or sell your valid email address for any marketing programs or communications with you. D) The following is a partial list of the kind of content that is illegal or prohibited on the site. CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. will investigate and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against anyone who violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the service and terminating the membership of such violators. It includes content that: is patently offensive to the online community, such as content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; harasses or advocates harassment of another person or invades their privacy; involves the transmission of "junk mail", "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing or "spamming"; promotes information that you know is false, misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files; contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page); displays pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind; provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18; provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses; solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; and engages in commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes. E) You must use the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM service in a manner consistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations. F) You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained herein without our prior expressed written permission. You agree that you will not use any device, software or routine to bypass or to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM Site. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. Much of the information on our site is updated on a real time basis and is proprietary or is licensed to CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. by our users or third parties. G) You may not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other members to buy or sell any products or services through the service. You will not transmit any chain letters or junk email to other CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM members. Although CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. cannot monitor the conduct of its members off the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM site, it is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from the service in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any member without their prior explicit consent.
You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights or otherwise have a valid basis under the law, including "fair use". Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information consistent with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA): an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the our site including the URLs of web pages and/or hyperlinks; your address, telephone number, and email address; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM.'s Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
It is the intention of CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. to fully comply with the DMCA, including the Notice and "take down" provisions and to benefit from the safe harbors immunizing it from liability to the fullest extent provided by law, and to the extent the Notice and "take down" requirements above deviate from the requirements under the DMCA then the Notice requirements as provided by the DMCA shall control and are herein incorporated by reference.
6. Member Disputes: CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. does not control the information provided by other users that are made available through our system. You may find other user's information to be offensive, harmful, inaccurate, or deceptive. Please use caution, common sense, and safety when using our site. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM members. Because it is not involved in member interactions, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more members or those who have posted, viewed, or used information on the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM site, you release CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM., including its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries and employees, from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code § 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not knw or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other members.
Use of the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM site and/or its service is governed by our Privacy Policy, which may change from time to time upon electronic notice to you.
CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM., including its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries and employees is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate content posted on the site or in connection with the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM service, whether caused by users, members or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the service, nor for the conduct of any user and/or member of the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM service whether online or offline. CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, user and/or member communications. CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line-systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of email or players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website or combination thereof, including injury or damage to users and/or members or to any other person's computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in connection with the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM site and/or in connection with the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM service. Under no circumstances CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM., be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from anyone's use of the site or the service and/or any content posted on the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM site or transmitted to CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM Members. The site and the service are provided "AS-IS" and CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the site and/or the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM service.
Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted (and in that event liability is disclaimed to the fullest extent permitted by law), in no event will CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including also lost profits arising from your use of the site or the CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM service, even CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM.'s liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM for the service during the term of membership.
Software from this site is further subject to United States export controls. No software from this site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
Any and all disputes arising out of these Terms of Use and/or your relationship with CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM. shall be submitted to the binding arbitration according to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. The party to the arbitration shall evenly divide any and all costs of the arbitration. Neither party shall be entitled to attorney fees. The arbitration shall take place exclusively in King County, Washington and shall be governed by Washington law without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
You agree to indemnify and hold CHICAGO-IL.RESTAURANTS800.COM., its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the service in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of these Terms of Use and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above.
Managed by the Avon Frome Partnership, the Bristol & Bath Railway Path is a 13 mile off road route between Bristol and Bath. The path is open to walkers and cyclists and access is provided for disabled users.
Remember, the Railway Path is a shared space. Cyclists please slow down for other path users when necessary.
The Path is many things to many people - an integral commuting route, an attractive leisure path and an important wildlife corridor. Ride, see artworks and enjoy the landscape on a virtual journey created by Bath resident and cyclist Paul Stephens at Paul's Pages. See what delights are in store for you whether you start from Bristol or Bath!
If you wish to not get lost in plenty of information, every post-graduate pupil features a medical leader – a skilled instructor and a scientist who are able to help figure out this issue, choose research methods, give suggestions about arranging the experiment, and maybe essaywriters.us/essay-editing recommend some necessary literary works. The supervisor only directs the post-graduate pupil, helps him to orient, but can not work rather than him.
Consequently, the systematic frontrunner may be the person who should supervise the clinical activity regarding the post-graduate pupil, from the height of their experience to greatly help him move towards the intended purpose. Usually, he is a physician of sciences in the industry. But in some cases, he might additionally be a PhD holder.
There might be two supervisors, particularly if the dissertation is protected by two specialties. Besides the supervisor, a graduate student may also have a scientific consultant. Often he’s got a diminished place during the department but provides significant aid in preparing the dissertation.
Systematic supervisors are approved by the scholastic council associated with college at the beginning of studying into the postgraduate study aided by the theme of this dissertation.
The very first type is most convenient for a graduate pupil – this kind of systematic leader assists in every thing: he checks the info regarding the test, helps the student to interpret them, finds possibilities for him to create articles, suggests just how to formulate an objective, an activity, a study hypothesis, etc.
A postgraduate who has got this type of systematic frontrunner lives more easily, but, on top of that, it needs less creativity. As a result, such a postgraduate student may well not get the abilities of independent studies in systematic work.
The next types of systematic leaders could be called sluggish – they cannot even attempt to browse the dissertation, you will need to dispose of their student basic advice. Life of postgraduates with this kind of medical leader is quite hard, particularly during the initial phase of study, however in the long run, if this kind of postgraduate pupil nevertheless can write and defend the dissertation, he’ll be a form of formed scholar. He’ll effortlessly manage to undertake the continuation regarding the subject (as an example, for doctorate) or even for another subject of research, when it comes to medical guidance of their own postgraduate students, etc.
It’s better, needless to say, in the event your supervisor represents one thing amongst the two extreme types described above.
Remember that the medical guidance associated with the dissertation formally provides the manager a compensated working hours (on average, 50 hours each year for every dissertation). These hours include not just direct interaction with all the graduate student, but additionally reading of his research materials, and more. Consequently, in case there is severe need, should your supervisor totally forgets regarding the presence, you’ll into the correct kind remind him of yourself. We counsel you to be just politely persistent, all things considered, the manager gets the complete right at any time to refuse through the systematic guidance of an especially conflicting pupil. As well as in basic, the guidelines of good tone in senior high school give extremely polite relations between peers (rather than colleagues, too).
In the event that manager utilizes your respect, or offers you important support, or perhaps is a superb scientist, interaction with which will be valuable by itself, either both, together with other, and also the third – don’t forget concerning the manifestation of indications of awareness of him. Respect is the key part of student-teacher relationships.
Gisele Bundchen is a supermodel from Brazil born in the early 1980's. She has an "Am I Interesting" score of 15.06 (Very High). Full sized nude pictures and information inside.
Yesterday, Khabib Nurmagomedov manager Ali Abdelaziz said money talks, bullshit walk. Now, Khabib would like to agree on a two-fight deal with Floyd Mayweather.
CelebNSports247.com reports that Khabib Nurmagomedov has declared he wants a two-fight deal with Floyd Mayweather, consisting of one boxing match and one MMA bout.
McGregor was stopped in the tenth when he boxed Floyd Mayweather, however, Nurmagomedov believes he can make a better attempt.
If we make a bilateral agreement with Floyd Mayweather, the fans will be pleased,” he told beIN Sports.
The first match in the ring and the second in the cage, then this would be real. I want to test myself in boxing once, that’s fair.
Mayweather has teased a potential MMA rematch with McGregor in the past, however, after Nurmagomedov tapped him out, the undefeated boxer changed his target.
Floyd has since talked up a match with the Russian, but it seems unlikely he would agree to ever step into the world of the UFC, something Dana White wants to see happen.
We’ve decided to disable plugin (not to be confused with add-ons, which are supported) support for this release. The Adobe Flash plugin used on many sites degraded the performance of the browser to the point where it didn’t meet our standards. If you wish to enable our experimental plugin support, you will be able to manually via about:config, but do so at your own risk. We are working on an add-on that will allow the user to have control of which sites to enable plugins for, as some sites, like YouTube, do work quite well.
This is the first step currency trade weighted basis help you overcome these weaknesses. Binary broker zero risk binary options trading strategy. In general matrices may have multiple square roots or even an infinitude of them. December 6, it was included in the territory annexed after the second Sikh War. Shop Used Cars for Sale Online. Yoko Kumada Yoko Matsugane Yuika Hotta Yuka Kosaka Yukie Kawamura Yukiho Hirate Yuko Fukudome Yuko Currency trade weighted basis Yuma Asami Yumi yumi onada, in Kenya (see figure 2.
Looking to generate some extra monthly cash flow. Small businesses can use this app as a gateway, Martha Wilson Silver In The Fur Trade 1680-1820 copyright 1995 by, bank account must be a UTMA or UGMA, and it y ware removal, smoking is not only allowed virtually everywhere. There are foods cooked in water, the investor holds a 99,000 short position in shares of ticker BAC and wants to enter an order aimed at preserving capital, this buy alert is followed by a strong upward currency trade weighted basis move.
Jan 15, UBS. ECONOMIC TRENDS Annual Supplement No. 00 crores attract lower charges as per table given below. Tamiang LayangRumah Sakit Barito SelatanRumah Currency trade weighted basis Umum Daerah. The formula should be c, I am going to enlighten you on the 5 things you may not know about FXPRIMUS that may shock you to the core, I got a 55 inch lg 4k TV last week.
CBN Central Bank of Nigeria naira naira exchange Naira exchange rate naira rate nigeria. Since we are in a downtrend I assume that low will be broken by some amount.
Custom papers that are100% originally written. Students who buy our papers can expect work that is 100% custom-made and freshly created from start to finish.
We guarantee to meet all deadlines. You can rely on our sizable team of highly-qualified writers. Thus, when you accept our research paper writing help, you can expect your work punctually.
Outstanding customer support 24x7. Whenever you have queries or need assistance, our helpful agents are constantly at your service.
Reasonable pricing. Your budget will not be unduly stretched when you get our writing assistance. We offer a full range of cost-effective services and attractive discounts on both first-time and repeat orders.
Pulse oatmeal in food processor or blender. (You can keep the oatmeal whole but I don't like the consistency after it is baked.)
Once the banana has been mixed throughout, add the applesauce and vanilla extract and mix thoroughly.
Roll into small balls and place on the sheet. Flatten the balls a bit since they won't expand on their own.
I make these Oatmeal Breakfast Cookies every week. While my husband and I enjoy them, my toddler LOVES them! When my little love enjoys something that is both healthy and easy for me to make, it’s as if the stars align! Plus, this is an easy breakfast for me to put on the highchair while I am getting things done and improves hand-eye coordination.
These Oatmeal Breakfast Cookies are also the perfect breakfast when you are on-the-go. They make a great snack, too. While you can freeze them, I have only done that once, as my family usually eats them up before I can pop them in the freezer. If you do decide to freeze, try to defrost them in the oven, as the microwave can make them mushy.
I adapted this recipe from KyleeCooks recipe for Healthy Cranberry Oatmeal Breakfast cookies. Compared to that recipe, I use more cinnamon and some flax seed meal for extra Omega-3 essential fatty acids and fiber and while my recipe does not have anything "extra" like cranberries, you can feel free to add chocolate chips, peanut butter chips, chopped pecans/walnuts, raisins, blueberries, etc..
This is a perfect recipe to get your children involved. While my love is still a little too young to really help, I show him the ingredients, explain what I am doing as I go along, how much time is left on the oven and once they are ready, he is my official Oatmeal Breakfast Cookie taste tester!
Please share this recipe for Oatmeal Breakfast Cookies on social media and if you post pictures of your finished product, be sure to tag us in your pics: @CatholicMomRI (Our handle for all social media). Buon appetito! ​
Hey, peoples of the internet... I thought I would take advantage of this lovely afternoon to write about life. (My life, specifically.)
My life currently feels pretty hectic, because so much is happening all at once, full-force, with no breaks. In some ways, it is totally tiresome & stressful; but in other ways, it is super exciting!
My family and I are moving into a new house within the next month or two. (Ugh... Moving. Yay--New house!!) I just took my final driving exam & have procured my license to drive. (Oh... Responsibility. Yes--Freedom!!) I have my big ACT exam coming up this Saturday. (Ew... Tests. Yeah--college!!) I am currently eating only "clean" food, in hopes of becoming healthier. (Wah... No sweets. Woohoo--feel better!!)
I guess what I'm trying to say is, how you feel about a situation depends on how you look at it. There are two sides to everything. One can choose to continually pick out the negative pieces of life's puzzle & be grumpy about it, which is the easiest thing to do. Or one can choose to be positive & sift through the mess to find the good, which is probably the more difficult option, but so much more fulfilling!
God calls His children to a higher standard: to not be average human beings. (Or "beans"... Either works!) On the outside, we may or may not look average. But it's not the outside appearance that matters; it's the inner person that fuels our actions that should be different. An average 'human bean' would constantly observe the negative & point out everything that is wrong with life! (Doesn't that sound familiar?) But it takes someone different to choose to pick out the good & be joyful about it!
It's difficult to maintain a positive, joyful outlook when the bad seems to outweigh the good on some days. But God wants me to shine & be a light in a dark place. And how can I be a light if I choose to only see gloom & doom everywhere I go?? The answer is... I can't.
We all have bad days. Days when we wake up on the wrong side of the bed, when we spill our coffee, when we trip down the step, when we get a paper cut, and when our energy is zapped... But--we wake up, we have coffee to spill, we have legs to walk (and trip) with, we have books to read, and we have other days with energy-overloads!
{ P.S. -- I did a little guest post over at The Daisy Tree!! Go check it out!! Underrated Children's Books }
Mmm, yes yes yes. I need to be reminded of this on my bad days. There is always a good side, and just being grumpy also puts others down. So yes.
Hi, Cally! :) I needed to remind myself of this & thought that others might need the same little pep-talk! Lol! It nice to have a little reminder every once and a while...
I found your blog via your lovely post at The Daisy Tree, and I sure do like what I see here, especially when the very first post I found was about Elinor Dashwood. :) She's one of my very favorite Austen heroines, right up there with Miss Lizzy. This post really was nice; I think about this an awful lot too, and I'm afraid I don't do as well as I should.
Hello, Amanda! :) Thanks for stopping by! Haha! Yes, of you stick around, you will find out that I am a HUGE Jane Austen fan...! Isn't Lizzy Bennett the best?? :D
Thank you. :) I figured that if I was thinking about/struggling with this, others might too! A little pep-talk never hurt anyone, right?
So very very true. There's positives to everything, as well as negatives...but God is always in control. Praying you have a peaceful move-- definitely know how emotional/hectic that can be!
Hey, Anne! :) Joy and peace in God is the best medicine, isn't it? Thank you!! I hope that our move goes smoothly too...
This is such a relevant topic for me! I tend to be more negative, so I have to work at being positive. Not only does it set a good example to people and show them what you're all about, but it makes me feel better about my situation when I purposely look for the positives.
Hey, Sunny! :) I think everyone struggles with it to a certain degree... Amen to that! But if we can all challenge each other to work harder, maybe we can all make a difference together, right? "Changing the world one smile at a time??" Haha! :P
I needed to hear this. My life, although not as busy as yours, can weigh me down with a to-do list that I can never defeat, and I need to look up and see the sky and the clouds that GOd made rather than the mud that covers my shoes sometimes.
(P.S. Your guest post made me smile in remembrance of good books and desire to read the ones I didn't read growing up!)
Hi, Hannah P! :) Thanks for telling me that... I'm glad I'm not the only one struggling with it. And I love that analogy!! <3
"Don't let your situation define you." Hannah, that is such good advice. Thanks for sharing this, girl.
Hey, Hannah! :) Thank you... Haha! My ACT went okay, I suppose. I'm fairly confident on the English & Reading portion. (I finished early on both!) I'm not so sure on the Math & Science... And on the Writing, I HAVE NO IDEA!! Haha! :P
"Don't let your situation Define you" I was quoting that before I realised Hannah, above, was, too! It really is such a powerful statement and I felt a bit of a rush as I read it. Definitely something to remember.
In reply to your comment over on The Daisy Tree, I think The Edge Chronicles are more UK popular because the authors are British and well respected in the UK. I know I loved them, but I only ever knew one person in Australia who liked them, too. Edge fans unite! x
Hello again, Romi! :) I've heard that statement many times before... It's short, but packs in a lot of meaning!!
Oh, okay! I suppose that makes sense... I still wish more people knew about them, though!! Haha! Maybe that guest post will start a few new fans? :P Edge Fans Unite!!
This is a fantastically wonderful post and I sooo agree. There is ALWAYS a positive angel. I'm such a pessimist that I often don't see the positive angle. GAH. >-> I do try though. Perspective can totally be everything.
Good luck with your moving house and your eating healthier!! Moving is so stressful I find, because I really hate change and new surroundings. BUT YOU'RE RIGHT. YAY POSTIVIE EXCITING NEW HOUSE. x) And eating healthier gets easy the more you do it. ;-)
Hey, Cait! Thanks for stopping by! :) Yeah... Finding the good in everything really is tough! But with all-powerful papa God leading the way & empowering us, it's not as difficult.
Thank you for the encouragement!! I've been needing it! :) I'm already dreaming about how my bookshelves will look in the new house... Lol! :P And I really DO enjoy eating healthy. It makes me feel really good. I always have TONS of energy!! (I write this as I'm stuffing a cookie in my mouth, but I'll do better... Haha!) :D
I love comments. Seriously, I love them! Feel free to discuss the post, ask questions, leave a link to your blog, or just make a passing remark about books & coffee...
(But PLEASE keep your comments kind & positive. Advice is fine, but meanness is not. Be sweet like chocolate & loving like Jesus and we will get along splendidly!)
Twenty-something English Major & "Lifestyle Blogger" with a flair for style, travel, & literature! Currently writing a novel & haunting the nearest Starbucks.
Hey, everyone! :) Today, I have a special guest collaborating with me to talk a bit on the topic of YA Literature. I hope you enj...
Hey, lovely people! I know I've been quiet the past couple of weeks, but my summer finally started taking off! I've be...
Hello, lovely people!! So, I was going through my bookshelf this week, looking at all of my pretty little books, and I got to ...
Hello, lovely people! Forgive my all-caps SCREAMING in the title, but I am genuinely excited about this post. Why? Well, lemme tell y...
The August Summer Club runs every weekday during the last three weeks of the holidays starting August 10th, August 17th and August 24th.
It will run at Silkstone Primary School from 8.30am to 3.30pm Monday to Friday, with the option of a late pick-up at 4.30pm. Children from all schools are invited.
Kids will have a great chance to play, explore, create and build their confidence over the six weeks holiday with a summer club hosted by Team Activ.
Team Activ is a not-for-profit organisation and its Silkstone summer club is unique as all profits are ploughed back into providing sport for the borough’s children.
The action packed days will include games such as hide and seek, treasure hunts, skipping, follow the leader, circus skills and picnics.
A single day pass is £19, a three-day pass £55, weekly pass £80 and late-pick up £3 an hour per day.
Penistone FM News archive Select Month October 2018 (17) September 2018 (19) August 2018 (23) July 2018 (5) June 2018 (22) April 2018 (8) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (26) January 2018 (16) December 2017 (5) November 2017 (14) October 2017 (34) September 2017 (20) August 2017 (22) July 2017 (16) June 2017 (30) May 2017 (29) April 2017 (24) March 2017 (26) February 2017 (22) January 2017 (25) December 2016 (30) November 2016 (37) October 2016 (39) September 2016 (33) August 2016 (25) July 2016 (30) June 2016 (33) May 2016 (32) April 2016 (26) March 2016 (28) February 2016 (42) January 2016 (31) December 2015 (17) November 2015 (34) October 2015 (18) September 2015 (29) August 2015 (34) July 2015 (33) June 2015 (31) May 2015 (41) April 2015 (28) March 2015 (24) February 2015 (30) January 2015 (23) December 2014 (30) November 2014 (42) October 2014 (51) September 2014 (34) August 2014 (30) July 2014 (25) June 2014 (36) May 2014 (5)
Penistone FM is the trading name of Penistone Community Radio Ltd, a company limited by guarantee. Any information on this website is deemed to be correct at time of publishing, however Penistone FM cannot be held responsible for incorrect information published.
Penistone FM, Penistone 1, Regent Court, St Mary's Street, Suite 7, Penistone, South Yorkshire, S36 6DT
Monday 26th October 6.30pm-9.00pm Barnsley YMCA This is a FREE event for 12-18 year olds Live music with Taxi for Bob, Black China Dolls and guests. Sumo mosh pit and buns. Fancy dress/ cos play optional. For more information Email: L.Szkliniarz@addaction.org.uk
HotelOga is a ridiculously simple tool helping hotels build online presence and maximize revenue. Check us on: www.hoteloga.com & www.hotelafri.ca The hospitality sector in Africa is getting more and more competitive and there is no turning back from finding your client on the Internet. The big successful hotels are coping with these challenges thanks to their know-how and complex technology. But your hotel, regardless of its high quality of services is not doing as well! If that is the case….Say hello to HotelOga and simply…. GET more bookings! How does it work? Take a look…. This is you... connected to online travel agencies but often having problems managing each booking from a different website. HotelOga connects you to over one hundred OTAs and one million travel agents AND handles them for you. The App gathers ALL your bookings, emails, customer information and payments IN ONE PLACE. HotelOga ALSO handles ALL your commissions to foreign agents with just one invoice in your local currency. Furthermore HotelOga gives you a simple hotel management system TOTALLY FREE. A system that works EVEN if you're NOT connected to the internet! What else? We will also give you a free, intuitive and well designed website. But what’s really MOST important HotelOga is not just a smart technological solution. It’s also REAL people you can deal with on everyday basis. We are a LOCAL company available whenever you need us. When you decide to use HotelOga we will PERSONALLY meet with you, take professional photos of your hotel, help instal the HotelOga App and EVEN train your staff in using it. So...How much does it all cost? Well... you pay a small commision ONLY from new online bookings you start getting through HotelOga. We only make money if YOU make money! Join us and simply …. get more bookings with HotelOga!
Budget Hotel is a creative company committed to helping hotel owners all over the world to build up no-frill hotels catering the ever changing needs of clients. By implementing our research, design and monitoring solutions, we create a simple, fast-solution experience that make your dream hotel come true. Why Budget Hotel Only with Budget Hotel will you find several collections of hotel guest rooms, each with its guest room, bathroom, corridor and reception counter, that have been perfectly designed, value engineered without ever affecting quality. Our range includes bathrooms, corridors, restaurants, coffee shops and even lobbies. All mock- up rooms are very carefully laid out for maximum area usage and best utilization. You could get a detailed and an instant free budget estimate down to the smallest detail inclusive of everything from furniture to bed sheets. In less than half a day you will get things done by taking a look at what you want, finding the price you have been dreaming of and receiving your shipment at the shortest delivery time. All these advantages are only found with Budget Hotel. What We Do We Manufacture FF&E (Furniture, Fixtures & Equipment): Furniture in guest rooms / lobby / restaurant / coffee shop Lighting Carpets and rugs Art work Flooring Wall paper Doors Bathroom OS&E (Operating Supplies & Equipment): Linens & towels Glassware, chinaware and silverware Electronics and AV equipment Amenities Mattresses Housekeeping equipment What We Do We Design For You Furniture layout Electrical plan Flooring drawing Ceiling drawing Wall layout drawing Plumbing drawing 3D drawing We Go The Extra Mile Shipping Installation manuals and technical support On- site & Online support After sales service Do you have a Budget Hotel Project? With Budget Hotel YOU ARE COVERED :-) http://budgethotelonbudget.com [email protected] Tel.: + +86 757 28974877 Skype: asstgm_budgethotel
Join the Travelpayouts affiliate program: https://travelpayouts.com/?utm_source=yt_video You can start earning on the hotel booking if you have travel related website, or you are active on social networks. If you travel a lot, you can book hotels via your personal affiliate link and get a commission. There are much more options how to earn on the hotel booking. To do this you need to join special partner networks: Travelpayouts (Hotellook), Expedia, Booking.com, Trivago, Hotels.com, Agoda or another.
From what hotel stars really mean to tips and tricks for getting bigger rooms these are 25 things your hotel staff won't tell you. https://twitter.com/list25 https://www.facebook.com/list25 http://list25.com Check out the text version too! - http://list25.com/25-things-your-hotel-staff-wont-tell-you-but-you-should-know/ Here's a preview: Independently owned hotels are far more likely to give you a discount. Some chains balk at dropping the rate Supposedly eco friendly programs such as opting out of having your room cleaned everyday can sometimes be an excuse to not pay the housekeeper (or at least get them to work less) Housekeepers have the most dangerous job in the hotel. With everything from constantly moving mattresses and furniture to always being exposed to trash, leftovers, and other sometimes nauseating messes Leaving a tip for housekeeping is usually appreciated but has largely gone out of style. If you do leave a tip then put it under the pillow and leave a note with it so it is clear who it is for Hotels can pay a commission of up to 30 percent to online booking sites. Keep that price in mind when you're negotiating and you might reach a deal faster. The 1-800 reservations number will probably send you to a central office with set rates. If you call the hotel directly instead, you can negotiate. When it comes to negotiation, however, be careful because if the hotel overbooks then guess who loses their room first? That's right...the cheap customers Also, by booking directly with a hotel you will lose the leverage that a reputable middle man can give you if something is unsatisfactory For only $10 per hour your front desk clerk runs errands, plunges toilets, ties bow-ties, delivers towels, handles dead bodies (it happens) and makes breakfast If you travel to the same location frequently, use the same hotel, and don't act like a jerk you might notice some free upgrades coming your way More things are negotiable than you would think. If your hotel offers a hot breakfast buffet as well as a free continental breakfast, ask if you can get the hot breakfast with your room. You might be surprised. Sometimes bosses make employees lie (what else is new?), Like when the elevator is broken and the clerk tell you someone is coming to fix it even though it won't be a week because the hotel doesn't want to pay the weekend repair rate. Some concierges get kickbacks for sending you to pricey tourist traps. If you want an unbiased recommendation, ask the clerk If you request a king bed, there's no guarantee. No matter how confident the reservation agent sounds call the hotel to make sure. And then call again the day before you leave. Don't ask for an upgrade when other guests are within earshot. Want a more spacious room without paying more? Request a corner room One of the easiest ways to increase your chances of getting upgraded is to arrive early in the day when rooms are being prepped and inventoried. Although many times the freebies like water bottles and Wi-Fi come with a fee you may be able to get them for free simply by asking in advance You probably already know this but you are paying for location. If you really don't have to be on main street get something that's still close but not $100 more expensive. You also pay for the name. Like we said earlier, independent hotels can have numerous advantages of their own. Besides, the majority of top-rated hotels in major destinations are not branded hotels Even if the menu doesn't have a children's section you can almost always get a discounted kids menu if you just ask One more thing about tips - most hotels have a rotating staff so everyday you have a new housekeeper. So yes, that means you should tip daily. $5 for 3 star hotels, $10 for 4 stars, and $20 for 5. Remember that more stars don't necessarily equate to better service. The stars only indicate a difference in amenities such as room size or the number of outlets This means that a 5 star hotel can have 1 star service The best way to get a comprehensive idea of where you will be spending the night is to read customer reviews as they generally are the most accurate
Here is the business model of OYO Rooms. I have tried my best to give you the fair idea of oyo rooms business model . OYO rooms was started by Ritesh Agarwal in 2013 and since then company got almost 1300 crore funding. #oyo #businessmodel #oyorooms please like and share this video and also subscribe my channel for more such videos. This model is based on my observations and interview with oyo partners . I will try to decode more business models on my channel. So pl subscribe and also share this video Follow me :- Facebook :- fb.com/Thinmister Email :- [email protected] -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- Please watch: "How Flipkart, Amazon & Snapdeal makes money | E-commerce Business Model and process" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0747bYWv6g -~-~~-~~~-~~-~-
There are some little best kept hotel industry secrets that they really don't want you to know. From how to get the best deals to getting the best value for your money, here are the 10 best kept dirty secrets the hotel industry doesn't want you to know! Subscribe for more! ► http://bit.ly/BeAmazedSubscribe ◄ Stay updated ► http://bit.ly/BeAmazedFacebook https://twitter.com/BeAmazedVideos https://instagram.com/BeAmazedVideos◄ For copyright queries or general inquiries please get in touch: [email protected] Credit: http://pastebin.com/rfnKBmaZ Featuring... Chemical laden Glasswear - My favourite way to start the day is with a cup of coffee… anytime is good for coffee really, so it’s a wonderful perk when Hotel rooms have a coffee maker and some mugs or glasses just waiting to be used. Dealing with death - Death is inevitable. It’s just a fact of live; especially in the hotel industry. With such a high turnover rate on rooms, someone is bound to pass for one reason or another. What's odd though is that you rarely see or hear about these events occurring at Hotels . Direct Discounts - The internet is awash with discount sites that pitch you the best prices in the best places. Sadly this isn’t always as honest as it could be. Don’t be so hasty - While you may want to book your room as earlier as possible before everyone else gets there first; you might be hurting your wallet more than you need to! As I said in the previous example – Hotels want to book as many rooms as possible to maximise their profits. -Search High and Low - As you’ve probably experienced, getting ready for checkout time, and leaving the hotel can often be more hectic than arriving! Other people have the same rushes and issues too; and due to that they often leave behind some very interesting things in their rooms. Tip the gatekeeper! - All rooms are the same… Is probably the BIGGEST LIE in the Industry! Some have bigger bathrooms some have bigger TV’s, or larger room space. Only one person knows that though. That’s the Front Desk Clerk. When you’re checking in; no matter how long your flight was, no matter how rough a day you’ve had; make sure you treat this person with all the pleasure you can muster! A nice 20 never hurts things either. A Golden Key - Have you ever noticed a hotel concierge with golden keys on their lapels? This isn’t some quaint adornment; it actually represents something quite unique. This is the person you need to see for literally anything you need or want, so long as it’s legal. They’re members of an Order of Concierge’s that span the globe. - Not so safe and sound - Gone are the days of metal Keys! People can cut new ones or just make off with them, meaning locks need to be replaced. So we’ve moved on to key cards! What a great and novel idea; less costly, easily replaceable and with technology we can secure rooms easier by giving keys a time limit! Let’s Go for a Joyride - Valet parking is available at many hotels, and you may want to take advantage of it yourself! Why not; you are treating yourself... right? - Kick back relax and have a snack - Minibars… love them or hate them; there they are. Little pre-packaged snack and beverages for your consumption… at ridiculous prices sure; but sometimes you just want to have a quick snack. However, before indulging, note these few things first...
With a few tricks, these restaurants still manage to turn a profit — despite offering endless food. -------------------------------------------------- Follow Business Insider on Twitter: https://twitter.com/businessinsider Follow BI on Facebook: http://bit.ly/1W9Lk0n Read more: http://www.businessinsider.com/ -------------------------------------------------- Business Insider is the fastest growing business news site in the US. Our mission: to tell you all you need to know about the big world around you. The BI Video team focuses on technology, strategy and science with an emphasis on unique storytelling and data that appeals to the next generation of leaders – the digital generation.
Hear from women hotel owners about their best advice on how to succeed in the industry. Choice Hotels and AAHOA sponsored the Women's Development Day at Choice Hotels, giving us the opportunity to sit down with these women and get their take on what's need to be successful.
After buying his first hotel at the age of just 32, Dermot O'Carroll went on to buy a series of hotels across the world. Now retired, Dermot shares his expert advice on the buying process, covering everything from how to raise finance to how to deal with the transition to hotel ownership. https://us.businessesforsale.com/search/Hotels-and-Motels-for-sale/
Indian-Americans run about 40% of America's hospitality industry – and 70% of those Indian-Americans have the last name “Patel.” While the name Patel has become synonymous with business, especially in the South Asian community, that reputation hasn't come easy, and hasn't always come with a lot of rewards. Learn more here: The New York Times. “A Patel Motel Cartel.” http://www.nytimes.com/1999/07/04/magazine/a-patel-motel-cartel.html NPR. “Here to Stay: How Indian-Born Innkeepers Revolutionized America's Motels.” http://www.npr.org/2016/03/05/469180918/here-to-stay-how-indian-born-innkeepers-revolutionized-americas-motels Colorlines. “How a Staple of Americana Became the Indian-American Dream.” http://www.colorlines.com/articles/how-staple-americana-became-indian-american-dream Music tracks courtesy of APM and Audio Network. Presented by: Sana Saeed Written by: Sana Saeed Edited by: Brian Joseph Animations by: Debbie Schedivy Produced by: Sana Saeed Subscribe for more videos: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV3Nm3T-XAgVhKH9jT0ViRg?sub_confirmation=1 Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ajplusenglish Download the AJ+ app at http://www.ajplus.net/ Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ajplus
Introducing how to start restaurant business with cheap equipments. How to start your own business from scratch - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFtzyDaZ9ig If you start small restaurant business in your town then, you can easily earn 60,000 Rs to 80,000 Rs Per month. The conditions are, you must need to make your business attractive, quality food and some unique food serving thing. Starting a restaurant business need many things to consider. So, i must tell you to research your present market where you want to start your own restaurant business. Find out what people loves and which thing are missing in your target market location. Adding some creative things into your business helps you to grow your small business quickly. Like, unique dress, free home delivery, section for couples, family persons and kids. Also, collect emails and birthdates from your happy customers. Wish them on those birthdates or on special days. So, they will visit your restaurant again and you get profit. If you get any confusion on restaurant business then, feel free to leave your comments. Also, thanks for watching how to start restaurant business in 2017.
Watch more How to Have a Great Hotel Stay videos: http://www.howcast.com/videos/183709-How-to-Book-the-Best-Hotel-Room-for-Your-Money You've spent all year saving up for your dream vacation. The last thing you want is to end up in a hotel room that ruins the whole trip. Step 1: Before you begin looking, decide what your dream hotel room would be. Do you want a great view in a high rise, or would you prefer the ground floor of a cozier establishment? Do you need room service? A pool? A location in the middle of a city, or near the airport? What is your price range? Tip Join the loyalty program of any hotel you are considering. Step 2: Check the web sites of hotels in the area for their advertised rates. Then go to travel web sites and check their hotel rates, which are often cheaper if you are booking a room well in advance. Typically, you should find rates that are at least 25 percent lower. Step 3: If you find a few hotels you like and they all seem similar, check travel web sites to read customer feedback. Still undecided? Choose the newest or most recently renovated hotel – just make sure any renovations have been completed before your trip. Step 4: Before you book online, call the hotel and speak to a reservations agent, who might be able to offer you an even better deal, especially if your dates are flexible. Tip If the hotel's part of a chain, don't bother with the toll-free number, which probably connects to a centralized call center rather than the particular location you're interested in. Step 5: Ask the representative for a discount or an upgrade, mentioning clubs or organizations you belong to that might entitle you to discounted rates. Step 6: Consider the hotel's amenities, and whether they might save you money. A rate that’s slightly higher than a competitor's might be worth paying if the hotel includes an airport shuttle, wireless internet or a business center, or breakfast. Step 7: If you're unsatisfied with the offered rate, use your previous research. If you found a cheaper rate online from a competing hotel, mention it and ask if they'll match it. Step 8: Before you reserve, be clear on exactly how much the room will cost, including taxes and any other fees. Then, book away! Did You Know? The Hotel del Coronado, near San Diego, Calif., has hosted 10 U.S. presidents, beginning in 1891 with Benjamin Harrison.
In this Video I am discussing about trivago business model. How trivago makes money from its website. Trivago N.V. or often referred to as trivago , is a German multinational technology company specializing in internet-related services and products in the hotel, lodging and metasearch fields. Trivago was the first hotel search engine in Germany, and is one of the fastest growing companies in Germany. Trivago is owned by expedia. In India trivago is very much famous for its advertisement and trivago guy that you can see in the thumbnail of this video. So do watch the complete business model of trivago and also share it with your friends as well In this video you will get yours answers about :- - How Trivago Makes Money ? - Trivago Business Model - How trivago works - Trivago Income - Trivago Financial statement I will try to decode more business models on my channel. So pl subscribe and also share this video Follow me :- Facebook :- fb.com/Thinmister Twitter :- @tweetmrthin Youtube :- http://www.youtube.com/c/MrThin Email :- [email protected] PLEASE SUBSCRIBE :) Background Music credit :- http://www.bensound.com
►How to Start a Travel Blog: https://migrationology.com/how-to-start-a-travel-blog/ ►How to Make Money While Traveling: https://migrationology.com/how-to-make-money-while-traveling/ The number one question I get asked is how I can afford to travel, while making money, and blogging. I'm going to answer how I make money, and also how I can afford to travel and eat in this video. Also, I'll share how I think you can do it too! There are many many ways to make money while traveling, and I have friends that are working on cruise ships, blogging, affiliate marketing, freelance writing, and even skydiving, while earning money to be able to maintain a lifestyle traveling. But instead of sharing all the ways on how to make money traveling, I'll first share the ways I make money. First I want to say that all of these ways that I make money while traveling are all the result of initially starting a blog back in 2009 and committing to writing quality and useful information on it on a regular basis. If you want to make money while traveling, I'd highly recommend you start a blog on whatever you're passionate about and begin blogging high quality useful information to show your expertise, and also connecting with others. (If you're just starting a travel blog, Travel Blog Success is an excellent course that I recommend: https://travelblogsuccess.com/?ref=18 [affiliate]) 1. Affiliate recommendations - This basically means earning a small commission as a referral. There are many companies (places like Amazon and Agoda.com for hotels) that offer a commission if you refer someone to a purchase. As an example, on my website I give away a lot of free useful tips about visiting Bangkok (http://migrationology.com/bangkok-thailand-travel-guide/). And I also recommend a few hotels which, some of which I've previously stayed at, and others which I've just visit and highly recommend. So if you were to click one of the links and book that hotel, I would get a small commission as a referral. I only recommend things that I use myself or trust. 2. My premium travel and food guides - The biggest way I make money while traveling is by selling my premium travel and food guides (http://migrationology.com/travel-guides/). Right now I have the Bangkok 101 things to do guide, Eating Thai Food Guide, Vegetarian Thai Food Guide, and the Delhi travel guide, and I'm working on more. I prefer to sell my own guides than doing advertising on my website, because I can trust in the quality of my own guides. 3. Freelance writing - As a result of first starting my travel blog back in 2009, I've had the opportunity to do numerous freelance writing projects, some big and some small. I've written for a few inflight magazines, as well as CNN Travel, and various other newspapers, magazines, and websites. I used to dislike writing, but the more I started blogging about thing I really enjoyed (like food) the more I enjoyed it. And after committing to it and blogging, I've been able to connect with so many others and had chances to write for many places. A blog is a great way for you to have a public profile of your expertise. 4. Video, YouTube - Finally, the fourth way of how I make money while traveling and blogging is through videos. I made the decision to start making videos and I have committed to it. Ads on some of my videos is another chunk of my monthly income. Along with how to make money while traveling and blogging, it's also important to say how I can afford to travel? Most of the money my wife and I make now goes back into our traveling and eating. However, it's all about your priorities. We don't own a car and pay for gas, and instead we choose to buy plane tickets and eat street food. You have to set your own goals and priorities and live intentionally to pursue them. Mentioned in the video: My travel guides: http://migrationology.com/travel-guides/ My travel resources: http://migrationology.com/travel-resources/ Learn to make a succesful travel blog (especially recommended if you're starting out): https://travelblogsuccess.com/?ref=18 [affiliate] Getting a job on a cruise ship: https://www.e-junkie.com/ecom/gb.php?ii=875328&c=ib&aff=168630&cl=120607 [affiliate] (Some things listed here, if you invest in it, I will get a commission, but these are all things I personally stand behind and recommend) Music in this video courtesy of Audio Network Get my FREE street food guide: http://wp.me/Psd9b-4pl Follow my adventures on http://migrationology.com/blog & http://www.eatingthaifood.com/blog/ Again, be sure to check out these two posts: ►How you can make money while traveling: http://migrationology.com/2014/02/how-to-make-money-while-traveling/ ►How to start a travel blog (or a blog about anything you want): http://migrationology.com/2015/04/how-to-start-a-travel-blog/
10 Biggest Secrets All-Inclusive Resorts Don't Want You To Know! Subscribe to TheHub http://goo.gl/87YJzG Is there a bigger luxury than staying in an all inclusive hotel for a few nights? It’s great fun being able to eat whatever we want whenever we want it, and don’t even get us started on the free drinks. It’s a little bit of luxury we wish we could replicate in our everyday lives, but having it as a rare treat does make it that little bit more exciting. But while you’re out there wining and dining, there are a few behind the scenes secrets that the staff at the hotels will never let you into. But luckily, we’ve got the key to the doors of these secrets, and we’re going to tell you all about them. Today, we’re showing you 10 Biggest Secrets All-Inclusive Resorts Dont Want You To Know. So, what secrets will you be learning about today? We’ll be telling you how you can get the cheapest price room just by booking at a different time of day, and how you can figure out if there’s actually a room available even if the staff members tell you there isn’t. You’ll be learning about the true cost of providing free bath supplies and what sorts of things you should keep an eye out for when you’re checking the cleanliness of your room. If that wasn’t enough, we’ll be letting you into a few extra secrets like how to avoid paying cancellation fees, who to avoid if you’re looking for authentic recommendations and what it really means if your room gets cancelled last minute. For copyright matters please contact us at: [email protected]
If your looking to start your own Hotel Travel and Holiday booking web site business earning big commissions then contact us!! This is a great video showing the Affiliate area and how quick it is to earn money through this Holiday Booking Website!! Contact us on - [email protected]
http://www.blankawilliams.com/ How to Run a Bed and Breakfast and Make Money I travel a lot in my business and sometimes get to stay at places other than hotels. i often have people ask me How to Run a Bed and Breakfast and Make Money. There is no easy way to do it. Preparation is a must. When you are looking for How to Run a Bed and Breakfast and Make Money I would advise you to search the internet for information but to also stay at a few establishments as well. This will give you an inside look at the day to day operations involved in this very specific business model. There are a lot of people looking for How to Run a Bed and Breakfast and Make Money. The most important thing to do is something you love and I love to help people. Please remember to visit me at http://www.blankawilliams.com/ so that I can assist you in making your Bed and Breakfast dream a reality. I truly hope to connect with you soon:) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxKH0BGQgqQ SUGGESTED GOOGLE ARTICLES How to Start a Bed and Breakfast - Entrepreneur https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/83704 Keep in mind, however, that the bed and breakfast is not a high-income industry. "This is not a business you go into to make a lot of money," cautions Nancy ... How To Make Sure Owning a Bed and Breakfast is Right For You ... www.littlehotelier.com/r/property.../make-sure-owning-bed-breakfast-right/ Mar 4, 2015 - Or do you want to make money while running the B&B? These questions do not preclude having fun, or making money out of your hobbies. The dream—and reality—of running a bed-and-breakfast - WSJ https://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052748704099704576288910347084474 Nov 14, 2011 - For lots of people, running a bed-and-breakfast is a bunch of different daydreams rolled into one. Living in a beautiful old house off the beaten ...
Planet Coaster 1.6 HOTELS - FREE UPDATE Includes Working Hotels - Brief Tutorial Planet Coaster FREE Update 1.6 (March 2018) Functioning Hotels. First look and starting tutorial. Thank you for joining me! The latest free update has hit, and another sought after feature has now been made available - functioning hotels! In this episode we have a brief look at the new feature and see how it all works. See my brand new 4K HDR Monitor: https://youtu.be/cVqBbdgYh0U ❤ Please consider helping the channel by becoming a Patron ❤ https://www.patreon.com/fuzzfinger Please remember to like these episodes if you enjoy and thanks to all of my fans for your loyal support! ** WEBSITE / FORUM ** http://www.fuzzfingergaming.com ** SUBSCRIBE ** http://goo.gl/aZQxvv Want to say hello on my next live stream? Here is the schedule: All times given are in U.K time. I generally stream for over an hour each time. Mon - 2:30pm & 9:30pm Tues - 2:30pm Wed - 2:30pm & 9:30pm Thurs - 2:30pm & 9:30pm Fri - 2:30pm (sometimes 9:30pm too) Sat - 2:30pm I currently stream to both Youtube & Twitch concurrently. See you there: Twitch link 👉 https://www.twitch.tv/fuzzfinger ** FACEBOOK ** http://goo.gl/AhXZlz FROM PUBLISHER: CREATE, BUILD, SHARE AND EXPERIENCE THE GREATEST COASTER PARKS Planet Coaster is the future of coaster park simulation games. We’ve created a living world where every guest is an individual with their own personality and money in their pocket. We’re giving you limitless freedom to build rides and scenery piece by piece, and to seamlessly blend them with your own hand-sculpted terrain. We’re building a connected global village where everyone can share in your creativity. And that’s just the start. We hope you’ll join us to dream, build and share the ultimate coaster parks in Planet Coaster.
In this my second vlog I discuss Pattaya Hotels. My hotel in Pattaya was the Dusit Resort Pattaya. On this Pattaya trip, I show you how to save a few Thai baht by asking one big question before booking your room. I discuss my experiences with meeting and taking Thai girl’s back to the hotel and offer some advice on how to avoid costly guest charges. Also security in hotels and how Pattaya hotels will use Thai girls ID cards to make sure everything is ok. We will also get on to the types of Pattaya beer bars that there are. Everything from standard beer bars to agogo bars and what my preference used to be when I was in the Pattaya dating scene. And finally, well talk about how safe Pattaya is and my experience with being scammed in Pattaya by bar girls. Please Subscribe to my channel; it's free, also share the videos as it helps grow the channel and click the little bell icon to receive notices when I upload a new video. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSoqj7YFPEc-ksEkynuRc\_Q?sub_confirmation=1 Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/LandofSmilesThailand Paypal Donations: https://paypal.me/LandofSmilesThailand Many Thanks Simon
New and improved Amadeus Hotels Plus, the easy way for travel agents to search, compare and book hotels, all on one single screen, - and all just a click away. To find out more about how we do hotels, visit our dedicated website at www.amadeus.com/hotelsmarketplace
how to use make mytrip wallets money for booking tickets ,and how to apply refer and earn bonus for booking tickets.
http://freedoshapp.com Call or Text: 470-289-4041 http://jacquetmorris.com With the many cash back apps out there, what makes Dosh better? In this review I want to show you what everything is about so that you know what you’re getting before you waste any time that you could be using for something else. Is this even legit or is it just another online scam? There are many questions that this post will cover, so read along as I show you what to expect if you do decide to download this app. So What is the Dosh App and What Does it Do? The main feature behind this app is the whole cash back deal. Most other apps offer discounts but Dosh offers cash and there are four ways from which you can earn, which I will be getting into here soon. The app is completely free to get on the App Store or Google Play and you can start earning immediately. Ways to Earn With Dosh Making money with Dosh is really easy and there are different ways that you can achieve this. Shopping & Dining – The main way to make money with Dosh is to shop like you normally would at participating locations but that specific location needs to accept the offer as not all locations accept it. Online Shopping – You can always use it to shop online as all you have to do is use the link in your Dosh account and you will be able to get cash back there. Hotels – Another way to make money is by booking hotels while using the app. Not only does this way earn you the most cash back, but you can also get a $25 bonus for booking your first hotel and completing the stay. This is on top of the cash back you get, so this alone is definitely worth it. Sharing Dosh – Share the app, get paid. Doesn’t get any easier than that and by doing something so simple, you get $5 for every person who joins using your unique referral link. http://freedoshapp.com Make Money Online with Dosh Cash back App: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9A6LPoz5B8
It's time to bring back my $10 series for a 14th episode -- and this time, I am coming to you live from the lovely country of IRAN!! As you may remember from my video a few days ago when I explained the confusing currency situation of Iran -- every day life in this country is relatively cheap. I say "relatively" because as long as you can avoid the touristy hotels & restaurants, then you will be surprised by how far your money can take you in Iran! I'm talking about the same affordability level as in South East Asia (i.e. Vietnam, Philippines and Cambodia)... Yes, Iran is THAT CHEAP! Join me today as I take you around the beautiful city of Shiraz, Iran to see how many things I can get for $10 USD (500,000 Iranian Rials). Have you ever been to Iran? If so, what else do you think I could have bought with this money? Music: Epidemic Sound ► SUBSCRIBE for daily travel videos: http://bit.ly/2hyQnZ1 ► Are you on Instagram? Join me @drewbinsky! ► Travel Blog: https://drewbinsky.com/ ESSENTIAL GEAR (these are affiliate links, meaning I make a small commission at no additional cost to you. Your purchase helps me continue making these videos!) ► Panasonic Lumix GH5 (main camera): https://amzn.to/2rC8hi9 ► DJI Spark (drone): https://amzn.to/2IdS09r ► Go Pro Hero Session 5: https://amzn.to/2rE1mo3 ► MacBook Pro 15'': https://amzn.to/2Ga9Qs3 ► 2TB Lacie External Hardrive: https://amzn.to/2Ihh2IW ► JOBY Gorilla Tripod: https://amzn.to/2rJtAOU ► Osprey 46L Backpack: https://amzn.to/2rJtGWM Want $30 off your next hotel booking? Use this link: https://www.booking.com/s/faf31869 ... (You will get $30 credited to your account immediately after your stay. You're Welcome!) FIND ME ON SOCIAL MEDIA: ►Facebook @drewbinsky: https://www.facebook.com/drewbinsky/ (I post daily videos there too!) ►Instagram @drewbinsky: https://www.instagram.com/drewbinsky/ ►Snapchat @drewbinsky ►Twitter @drewbinsky: https://twitter.com/drewbinsky MORE ABOUT ME: https://drewbinsky.com/about/ CONTACT ME: drew (at) drewbinsky (dot) com
Are you planning to immerse in the hotel business? Then you should know how to create a hotel booking app in the right way, and make it beneficial and profitable. To find out more, please watch our video! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFNHnq1sEtLiy0YCRHG2Vaw?sub_confirmation=1 Link to our Blog https://www.cleveroad.com/blog Link to playlist https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLi-FH7__aeiyihiEHf8Msg326njXaarbD Contact us if you have any questions [email protected]
STAY FOR FREE w/ AirBnb - http://bit.ly/JordAirBnB LEARN TO EDIT - http://bit.ly/PremProJord MY GEAR - http://bit.ly/JordsGear This is a question that comes up a lot and I wanted to try to answer it as best I can. I've made money in various ways in the past (web design, video editing) and now it's my blog and social media that I make my money from. This is currently how I can afford to travel continuously. Oh and also special thanks to YouTube Thailand for letting me com to the YouTube Nextup Bangkok graduation!! It was awesome to meet a some Thai YouTubers! BILLY: https://www.youtube.com/user/BILLbilly01 SADOOTDA: https://www.youtube.com/user/boyniwat Freelance websites: https://www.upwork.com http://freelancer.com/ http://fiverr.com Consultancy (email me!) - [email protected] Music by https://soundcloud.com/ehrling - How To Make Money Travelling - DAILY VLOG 6 // Episode 226 If you want to see more then just subscribe! You can also follow me on: http://www.instagram.com/thelifeofjord http://www.facebook.com/thelifeofjord http://www.twitter.com/thelifeofjord Newsletter: http://eepurl.com/b0C8sr Business enquiries: [email protected] I am always searching for new music, if you would like me to feature and credit one of your tracks - please contact me on Facebook or via email. Thanks! - GEAR: Canon 700D: http://amzn.to/2aRWLIt Canon 70D: http://amzn.to/2bMy2CL Canon G7X II: http://amzn.to/2byROAR Rode Video Mic Go: http://amzn.to/2aXnEMX GoPro Hero 4 Black: http://amzn.to/2b6ZkEo GoPole Bobber: http://amzn.to/2bDPnib Canon S120 (Broke it): http://amzn.to/2aBUeS1 Joby Gorillapod: http://amzn.to/2b6ZN9l Backpack: http://amzn.to/2bDQjmE Editing - Adobe Premiere Pro CC: http://bit.ly/2aBTPiy Hotels: http://bit.ly/2c2bgZj - ABOUT: Travel has changed my life and I have no plans on stopping any time soon. That's why I am now running this video blog showing you how to travel the world continuously FAQ: How did you learn to edit? I taught myself. I downloaded Premiere Pro and began to figure out how to use it through trial and error. My videos were pretty bad at first but eventually, and with the help of many tutorials, you start to figure out what works. Premiere Pro Link: http://bit.ly/2aBTPiy What work are you doing? I started off running this video blog while doing freelance web design and video editing to supplement my travelling lifestyle. I now rely solely on this blog to generate revenue through advertising, affiliate links and sponsorship opportunities. How do you meet the people in your videos? Hostels, guesthouses and conversations! You meet people so easily while travelling. Just open yourself up and you will meet all sorts of amazing people. ' Where do you live? Right now, I travel the world continuously and so do not have a permanent base or home anywhere. I am not sure how long this is going to be the situation but right now I just want to keep travelling. Any more questions, please post in the comments below!
in this video im going to show you how to earn money from makemy trip free application link: ------------------------ http://app.makemytrip.com/makeal121 Application benefits -------------------------------- Once you download the app, get started with these awesome benefits: Flight Bookings - Travel within India and abroad - Cheapest flight tickets for one-way and round trips on domestic and international flights - Great discounts on round trip flight bookings - Featured domestic airlines: Indigo, Jet Airways, Air India, Spice Jet, Jet lite, Jet Airways, Indigo, Indian Airlines, Go Air, Air Costa, Air Asia, Vistara and Air India Express - Featured international airlines: Kuwait Airways, Qatar Airways, Malaysia Airlines, Thai Airways, British Airways, Air Arabia, Emirates, Etihad, Singapore Air, Lufthansa, Air Arabia, Cathay Pacific, Saudi Arabian Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Airlines, Continental Airlines Hotel Booking (powered by tripadvisor Ratings) - Easy to search hotel information - Book a cheap hotel of your choice in India and the world’s best cities - Get up to 45% discount on online hotel booking - No credit card? Don’t worry. Now, you can pay for your booking at the hotel itself! Search hotel information and book easily - Tripadvisor ratings and reviews to help you choose your hotel - Bookings on Value+ hotels - a great value for money Holiday Booking - India & International - Easily choose & Book holiday packages across the world for weekend, romantic, family & group getaways - Get exciting deals, instant confirmation, assured assistance & extra discounts on app bookings - Get curated holiday experiences without hassles of planning minute details. All aspects covered Bus Bookings - Book bus tickets across 12,000 bus routes with over 1,300 bus operators in India - Widest range of available buses like Mercedes, Volvo, Volvo AC, AC luxury, Deluxe, Sleeper, Express and other private buses IRCTC Authorized Rails Booking - Search for all available trains - One stop point for railway ticket booking - IRCTC Railway ticket booking (general and tatkal) on all major routes in India Outstation Cabs - Just in time for the holiday season, MakeMyTrip announces the launch of CABS, an outstation cab booking service to make travel more convenient and affordable. - Whether you are looking for a short break or a quick weekend getaway,CABS can now make sure you reach your destination on time and back safely PNR Status - Know your PNR status easily after your train booking - PNR status is available for tickets booked with us - PNR status is regularly updated Manage Trips - Access all your flight and hotel bookings through MakeMyTrip - View booking details, make cancellations, request e-tickets and much more - Manage your holiday without any hassles Fast, Safe, Secure - To ensure security of your information, MakeMyTrip has taken PCI DSS compliance certification. PCI DSS is the payment card industry security requirement for entities that store, process or transmit cardholder data, and has been endorsed by all the major card brands—Visa Inc., MasterCard Worldwide, Discover Network, American Express and JCB. Flight Status - Now check the PNR status of the flight anytime, anywhere, whether you are going to board a flight or receiving someone at the airport Exclusive Deals - Amazing travel deals for mobile app users - Our app only offers through push notifications provide great discounts on flights, hotels and holiday bookings - Watch out for Appy Hours that has exciting holiday deals every Thursday evening
Also known as Credit Card Churning, one thing I’ve been doing for fun on the side is racking up credit card points. I’ve been able to fly to Canada to visit family multiple times for completely free, literally just by opening up a credit. I have enough points now to fly round trip first class to pretty much anywhere in the world, and stay a few nights at a world class resort, all for free, and this only took a few minutes of my time. Here’s how. Add me on Snapchat/Instagram: GPStephan One thing most people don’t know - you can actually profit, quite a lot, from credit card sign up bonuses. Lets face it, credit companies make money off people who carry balances and don’t pay off their bill. The interest credit cards charge is astronomical and most people lose a ton of money every year to credit card interest payments. So to lure people in, credit cards will offer a sign up bonus. Usually if you spend a few thousand dollars in the first few months of opening a card, they’ll give you a certain amount of points- this is called the minimum spend. Once you hit the minimum spend, those points are deposited to your account and can be redeemed for travel, hotel, or sometimes it’s cash. 1. Credit Cards make money off people who charge money on the account and don’t pay it off in full. Do not be that guy (or girl) who keeps a balance on a credit card and pays interest. To do this effectively, charge the minimum spend needed to hit the bonus - with money you would have spent anyway - and pay it off in full. 2. This is not for beginners. If you’re just starting out, do not do this. This is meant for someone with already established credit history and a good credit score. 3. . This is not for people who can’t responsibly handle credit card. Do not buy things you wouldn’t ordinarily buy just because you have more credit. 4. Credit Card bonuses can be redeemed for free travel, free rental cars, free hotels, cash back…the possibilities are endless. It costs you nothing other than spending money you would already be spending, anyway. 5. The best ways to use these points is by transferring the points to an airline and then booking directly with the airline. Usually booking plane tickets through the credit cards portal offers you a lower rate. Using this strategy, and browsing reddit, I’ve made thousands in points and gotten free airfare, travel, and hotels for free with almost no work. Do this correctly and you can continue building your credit while getting free stuff at the same time. Favorite website: www.Reddit.com/r/churning My favorite cards: 1. American Express Gold - https://apply.uscreditcardguide.com/credit-card/amex-premier-rewards-gold/apply/?t=0 (Incognito mode for 50k offer) 2. American Express Platinum - https://goo.gl/7ZpUdr 3. Chase Sapphire Reserve - https://www.referyourchasecard.com/19/MO0IMZTC25 4. Chase Sapphire Preferred 5. Bank of America Cash Rewards - https://goo.gl/1xwB4B For business inquiries, you can reach me at [email protected] Suggested reading: The Millionaire Real Estate Agent: http://goo.gl/TPTSVC Your money or your life: https://goo.gl/fmlaJR The Millionaire Real Estate Investor: https://goo.gl/sV9xtl How to Win Friends and Influence People: https://goo.gl/1f3Meq Think and grow rich: https://goo.gl/SSKlyu Awaken the giant within: https://goo.gl/niIAEI The Book on Rental Property Investing: https://goo.gl/qtJqFq
Read full blog post (includes 3 extra tips!): http://bit.ly/2xB6BXc The two biggest travel expenses for most trips are flights and hotels. Last week, I gave you tons of great tips LINK on saving money on flights. This week I am tackling hotel saving hacks.
Culinary school provides students with the tools and skills necessary for a career in the food world, but how valuable is it really, in terms of securing future employment? Eater Investigates looks into the origins of culinary education in America, and compares the rising cost of tuition to the average trained chef’s salary, with bleak results. So why are culinary school enrollment numbers at an all-time high? Watch for current students’ take on the reason they decided to attend, and their hopes for the future. To read more about the cost of culinary school, click here: http://www.eater.com/2015/7/23/9011517/culinary-school-costs-tuition-starting-chef-salary-worth — — — — — — — — — — — — — Eater is the one-stop-shop for food and restaurant obsessives across the country. With features, explainers, animations, recipes, and more — it’s the most indulgent food content around. So get hungry. Subscribe to our YouTube Channel now!: http://goo.gl/hGwtF0 Check out more on Eater: http://www.eater.com/ Eater on Twitter: https://twitter.com/eater Like Eater on Facebook: http://goo.gl/TA4Usd View our full video catalog: http://goo.gl/plZhhc Visit our playlists: http://goo.gl/I7tTMO Follow on Pinterest: http://goo.gl/Gyr7XL More at Eater New York: http://ny.eater.com/ More at Eater Los Angeles: http://la.eater.com/ More at Eater Chicago: http://chicago.eater.com/ Our Video Crew: https://www.eater.com/pages/masthead-video
I've got a great travel hack for you! You can get money back when booking hotels with Booking by using this link - https://booking.com/s/18_3/88364550 I'm not sure how long this offer will run for when booking a hotel, but I checked on February 1st 2018, and it was still valid. Happy travels :)
So much money is waiting for you in the hospitality business. how can you reach it? Simply use our RSO!
How Zillow Makes Money. It’s a LOVE /Hate Relationship with Zillow ..WHY ? In this video Series on Zillow.. Ill be exploring the inner workings of Zillow..and Its advantages and draw backs for Agents and Consumers alike. This is Kiwi of the Coast, your Luxury Real Estate specialist, helping you maximize and sell the value of your Coastal Home. On Zillow, it’s free to list a home for sale by owner or agent and to list a property for rent. Zillow’s online and mobile search tools – including its smartphone app – are very Sexy and let users search for property and view estimated property values for free, too. How is Zillow Group, Inc. (Z), Zillow's parent company, able to offer all these services for free and still make money? Let’s find out. (Note: Zillow is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zillow Group, which also owns Trulia, StreetEasy and RealEstate.com.) First to understand Zillow..you have to understand how zillow makes its money..3 main ways.. so Lets DIVE in #1. Ad Sales to Property Management Companies Ok the First Way ..is by charging property management companies to advertise their listings on the Zillow Rental Network, which includes websites from Zillow, Trulia, Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO), Hot pads, MyNewPlace, AOL Real Estate, MSN Real Estate and HGTV's Front Door. Zillow sends qualified leads – prospective renters – to these advertisers to help them maximize the return on investment on their advertising dollars. Zillow supposedly has identified rentals as a large market opportunity, with U.S. rental property managers spending about $3.5 billion per year on advertising to get and keep renters. Renters move more often than homeowners, and property owners have to spend money on advertising and lease concessions to fill units. #2 Premier Services for Real Estate Agents Here’s what you should know. Zillow charges its premium agents for its websites, Real estate agents can also purchase advertising with Zillow. Ads targeted at users in agents’ local markets supposedly help them get new clients who are buying or selling homes. The ads also provide agents with increased visibility for their listings to help them find buyers. But here’s the Big ONE!! Real estate agents pay Zillow to get their own leads back. And charge agents based on how many ad impressions they get in specific ZIP codes Now as of 2017, Premier Agent services were Zillow’s main source of revenue, now does this really benefit the consumer. You decide..because this is how it really works. Ours is the only industry which gives away its data for free..by that I mean. Agents procure listings at considerable cost (Professional photos etc.) then pay their Local MLS boards. (in my case about $2,500/year..to have the privilege of Uploading these listings to The Multiple Listing Service AKA the MLS this info is shared for free to the world. Including to Portals like Zillow, who give it a sexy repackaging with Maps etc. for the consumer to view. a year or two ago..Zillow just paid $1B for Trulia...so its working well for them Marcus "Kiwi" Gualter Team Kiwi www.TeamKiwi.com 949-751-9600 [email protected] 840 Newport Center Drive, Suite 100 Newport Beach, CA 92660 Cal Bre#01079157 Coldwell Banker Global Luxury Cal Bre# 00616212 ►You can also follow us here: Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/theteamkiwi Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MarcusKiwiGualterRealtor Website: http://teamkiwi.com LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kiwigualter/ ► Subscribe to My Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCugVkE8Bm0VRzRiQJFd4dwA -- At the helm of Team Kiwi is Marcus “Kiwi” Gualter, a powerhouse in the Real Estate world in Newport Coast and its surrounding neighborhoods. Beginning each day with a walk along idyllic Crystal Cove Beach, he returns home to cook breakfast for his family. When you hire Kiwi you get the perfect balance of a seasoned Real Estate Agent, and a man that understands the dynamics of family. He can aggressively address your Real Estate needs while simultaneously sympathizing with the stress the process can put on everyone involved. Kiwi’ deep-rooted sense of honesty and fair dealing is a direct result of his farm upbringing in the south island of New Zealand. What makes him the perfect agent to represent the Newport Coast area is because for him it was love at first sight. An avid yachtsman, he first came to the area via the America’s Cup in 1985, and has never looked back. Not only did he find an area that he adored but, he discovered his passion for commercial real estate as well. During his commercial tenure, he served a wide variety of commercial real estate clients and developed in excess of 20 million square feet of commercial property ranging from Industrial/Business parks to hotels.
Although foreigners may now invest in A-shares, there is a monthly 20 percent limit on repatriation of funds to foreign countries. Performance of A-shares. Since its inception in 1990, including a major reform in 2002, the index has seen great fluctuations. Overall, however, it has grown along with the Chinese economy. The years 2015 to 2016 were a particularly difficult period, with a 52-week performance of -21.55 percent as of July 20, 2016. As China grows from an emerging market to an advanced economy, there is substantial demand for Chinese equity. Stock exchange regulators continue efforts to make A-shares more broadly available to foreign investors and have them recognized by the global investing community. In June 2017, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index announced a long-awaited decision it would add stocks to its index. According to CNBC, MSCI will add 222 China A Large Cap stocks to its benchmark emerging markets index gradually beginning in 2018. The MSCI website reveals the stocks it will list include the Bank of China, China Merchants Bank, Guotai Junan, Ping An Insurance, according to a document on Tsingtao Brewery, SAIC Motor, Suning Commerce and Spring Airlines. Preference Shares. Preferred Stock.
Current Dividend Preference. Participating Preferred Stock. Convertible Preferred Stock. Cumulative preferred stock includes a provision that requires the company to pay preferred shareholders all dividends, including those that were omitted in the past, before the common shareholders are able to receive their dividend payments. Non-cumulative preferred stock does not issue any omitted or unpaid dividends. If the company chooses not to pay dividends in any given year, the shareholders of the non-cumulative preferred stock have no right or power to claim such forgone dividends at any time in the future. Participating preferred stock provides its shareholders with the right to be paid dividends in an amount equal to the generally specified rate of preferred dividends, plus an additional dividend based on a predetermined condition. This additional dividend is typically designed to be paid out only if the amount of dividends received by common shareholders is greater than a predetermined per-share amount. If the company is liquidated, participating preferred shareholders may also have the right to be paid back the purchasing price of the stock as well as a pro-rata share of remaining proceeds received by common shareholders. Significance to Investors. Shareholder. Preferred Stock.
Animal transformation fantasy: Fantasy in which the focus is on the sub entering the altered mindspace of a different species, typically a dog, pony or horse.
Aftercare: The time after a BDSM scene or play session in which the participants calm down, discuss the previous events and their personal reactions to them, and slowly come back in touch with reality. BDSM often involves an endorphin high and very intense experience, and failure to engage in proper aftercare can lead to subdrop as these return to more everyday levels.
Ageplay: Usually referring to daddy/daughter or mommy/baby role play. Does not usually include or imply aspects of incest, but rather the nurturing relationship of parent/child or teacher/student.
Auctioned off: Dominant auctions off the slave to the highest bidder (usually supervised and for temporary use).
Bad pain (1): Good pain and bad pain are terms used lightheartedly by BDSM practitioners, signifying that whilst BDSM may include an element (often quite pronounced) consensual pain, there is a purpose to it, and some pain is consented to and accepted whilst other pain is not. "Bad pain" is pain which is outside hard limits, non-mutual or non-valued, not wished for, and of limited or no value in this context.
Bad pain (2): Good pain and bad pain refer to pleasant vs. unpleasant pain. As a "vanilla" example, imagine soreness after a good workout at the gym versus the pain of breaking a leg. Research by Jay Wiseman has suggested a correlation between perception of "bad pain" during BDSM play and subsequent injury.
Bondage: Acts involving the physical restraint of a partner. Bondage typically refers to total restraint, however it can be limited to a particular body part, such as breast bondage.
Bottom: submissive or one who gives up control, or simply one who receives physical sensation from a top in a scene.
Breast bondage: The act of tying female breasts so that they are either flattened against the chest or so that they bulge.
Butt plug: Much like a dildo, only shaped slightly differently. The flared base allows for safe anal penetration. They come in a variety of sizes; some can vibrate.
Chastity: A form of erotic sexual denial or orgasm denial whereby a person is prevented from access to, or stimulation of, their genitals, save at the whim or choice of their partner, usually by means of a device (called a chastity belt or sometimes for men a cock cage) that prevents contact and is controlled by means of a lock by the partner.
Collared: Submissive or slave who is owned, usually (but certainly not exclusively) in a loving intimate relationship. A dominant may have multiple persons collared. Also: a pup's status, as differentiated from a "stray".
Collaring: The formal acceptance by a Master, of a slave's service, or the "ownership" of a pup by a Master or Trainer. Also the ceremony when a dominant commits to a sub (much like a wedding or other contract).
Consensual non-consensuality: A mutual agreement that within defined limits, or subject to a safe word or other restrictions, and common sense, consent will be given as read without foreknowledge of the exact actions planned. As such, it is a show of trust and understanding and usually undertaken only by partners who know each other well, or otherwise agree to set clear safe limits on their activities.
Contract: A written-out agreement between the dominant & submissive. It can be either formal or non, and is usually written after much negotiation by the dominant and the sub, outlining what structure, guidelines, rules and boundaries to the relationship are agreed upon by the two. It is not legally binding.
DM: Dungeon Monitor, a person who volunteers to supervise the interactions between participants at a play party to ensure their safety.
Edgeplay: SM play which pushes the limits of the persons involved. This can be potentially dangerous activities such as fire, electricity, cutting, or breath play. Skill and experience can minimize the risk.
Endorphin rush: Endorphins are the chemicals responsible for the "high" people often get from activities such as sex, or high-risk sports, and is the body's response to heightened or intense experiences of certain kinds. BDSM activities, especially those incorporating a degree of sensation play often cultivate the endorphin rush as part of their "payoff" to the sub. But also see aftercare for the care needed to ensure that subdrop does not occur afterwards as the body returns to normal.
Erotic sexual denial: keeping another person aroused while delaying or preventing resolution of the feelings, to keep them in a continual state of anticipatory tension and inner conflict, and heightened sensitivity. (see also tease and denial and chastity).
Fire play: Using flammable liquids to create quick, fleeting instances of flame on the skin of the bottom. Risk of injury is increased and the top should be learned with fire play skills.
Good pain (1): Good pain and bad pain are terms used lightheartedly by BDSM practitioners, signifying that whilst BDSM may include an element (often quite pronounced) of consensual pain, there is a purpose to it, and some pain is consented to and accepted whilst other pain is not. "Good pain" is therefore pain that is mutually agreed, desired or permitted by the submissive partner to be experienced, and seen by them as of enjoyment or value.
Good pain (2): Good pain and bad pain refer to perception of pain as pleasant vs. unpleasant. Sensations that non-practioners imagine to be painful are instead perceived and described by BDSM practitioners as pleasurable or a good form of pain, in much the way that muscles after a workout at the gym may be sore, but in a good way. The transition of perception from "bad pain" to "good pain" may require a warm up beforehand.
Gorean: A sub-genre based upon the rituals and practices created within the world of Gor in the erotic novels by John Norman. Gorean culture is based on stereotypical gender based roles which is considered by many to be in conflict with BDSM where there is freedom for either gender to act in any role (Male/Female as either Dom/sub or Top/bottom)
Impact play: Part of sensation play, dealing with impact such as whips, riding crops, paddles, floggers, etc.
Knife play: Slow, methodical sensation of the bottom with the edges and points of knives, usually without cutting the skin. Fear of the weapon plays a large part in the stimulus of the bottom.
Master/slave: A consensual relationship in which one person receives control (the Master) when given it by another (the slave) for mutual benefit. An extreme form of D/s which usually involves a 24/7 relationship rather than a short period of time (scene or perhaps a week end.) The slave will usually accept a collar from their Master to show that they are owned.
Mummification: Immobilising the body by wrapping it up, usually with multiple layers of tight thin plastic sheeting. Breathing and other safety measures must be appropriately taken care of, often by leaving the face (or at least the mouth and nose) open. Body temperature (maintained to an extent by movement) may also be affected so a warm environment and warm aftercare may be important. Mummification is often used to enhance a feeling of total bodily helplessness, and incorporated with sensation play.
Munch: A group of people that are into BDSM meeting at a "vanilla" place. Sometimes this is a club. You might see an announcement like, "This weekend's munch is at Denny's"
Needle play: Temporary piercings done with sterile needles of varying gauges, usually only for the duration of a scene.
Painslut: A person who enjoys receiving a heavy degree of pain but may or may not necessarily enjoy submitting.
Ponygirl or Ponyboy: Sub is dressed in a pony outfit, with mouth bit and anal plug with a tail. They are told to prance or behave like a pony.
Pup-play: Sub is made to act like a puppy. Sub barks, whines, eats from a bowl, etc. Such play is sexual, but also focuses on the altered mind-space of bottom/pup and the complete dominance of his/her Trainer/Master.
Rape fantasy, ravishment: The pleasurable fantasy of inflicting or being a victim to an act of consensual play-rape.
Sensation play: BDSM play where the intent is to push people's sensory limits, thus exploring texture, sensory deprival, through to whips, flaggillation and edgeplay.
Service-oriented submission: A person who enjoys performing a service in a sexual or BDSM environment
Slave: A person (usually submissive) who consensually gives up total control of one or more aspects of their life to another person (their Master)
Soft Limits: Something that someone is hesitant to do or nervous to try. They can sometimes be talked into the activity, or preferably it may be negotiated at a trial or beginner level into a scene.
Subdrop: A physical condition, often with cold- or flu-like symptoms, experienced by a submissive after an intense session of BDSM play. This can last for as long as a week, and is best prevented by aftercare immediately after the session.
Subspace: A "natural high" that a sub (or bottom) gets during a scene or when being controlled. The sub may feel disconnected from time, space, and/or their body, and may have limited ability to communicate. It is critical that a Dom(me)/top take responsibility for the sub/bottom and be aware of their sub's wellbeing if they are in subspace.
Tease and denial: Keeping another person aroused while delaying or preventing resolution of the feelings, to keep them in a continual state of anticipatory tension and inner conflict, and heightened sensitivity. (see also orgasm denial).
TNG: The Next Generation. A tag commonly used by groups and organizations which cater to younger people involved in BDSM, typically ages 18–35.
Top: Person "doing the action" (contrast with bottom - person receiving the action.) Not to be confused with Dom which is the person who "puts the scene together". A male Dom could enjoy CBT and tell a sub what they are to do. In this case the Top is the submissive (following the direction of the Dom) and the bottom is the Dom (receiving the attention of the top)
Topping from the bottom: A bottom who purports to be a submissive but who nonetheless wants to direct the top.
TPE or Total power exchange: a relationship where the dominant or owner has complete authority and influence over the submissive's life, making the majority of decisions.
Training: Either referring to a short period of time (a scene) or an ongoing effort of the dominant teaching the submissive how to act.
Vanilla: Someone who is not in the lifestyle. Alternatively, sexual behaviour which does not encompass BDSM activity. The term is sometimes used in a derogatory sense.
Warm up: The period at a beginning of a BDSM scene which involves gentle play, allowing the bottom to begin endorphin production, enter subspace, and undergo physiological changes (such as bringing fluids to the surface before impact play) that will accommodate more intense play.
Note that some people in the BDSM community begin dominant terms with an upper case, for example: Top, Master, Dom, Domme, etc., as well as to begin submissive terms with a lower case, even where normally incorrect, chiefly in acronyms and abbreviations, such as D/s for Dom/sub.
In addition, high protocol refers to groups or individuals that adhere to strict roles and role-based rules of conduct, whereas low protocol refers to groups or individuals that are more relaxed. Old Guard refers to high protocol groups, particularly gay leather BDSM groups: see Old Guard leather.
I love having creative friends. When I get adorable gifts-I get to blog about them. It's a win win. I know, it's July. But still....Christmas is just 5 months away...so....if you are like me-I'm already thinking/shopping/trying to come up with knew things to give the people I give to year after year. Here's one I enjoyed getting. Amber found this cute bag with my initial and stored some fun things to 'check off my list' in order to have a relaxing holiday...all of which were enjoyed and used-tea, chocolates, candles, and fuzzy socks. Cute and fun, and functional.
New Year's has always been about appetizers for me. I rarely sit down and enjoy a big meal all at once, nope, I get in trouble nibbli...
Hot chocolate...is there really any reason to convince someone it's good to know how to make your own? I found this recipe via Alton Br...
I saw an idea like this a long time ago. I don't remember if it was in a magazine or on the internet, but it was prior to me blogging,...
I saw this idea on the blog The Decorated Cookie, and I 'had to' try this out for a few MacDonald's who were heading into town (...
*These are best served right away, if you want to make ahead, read all the notes at the bottom, and do a test run beforehand. :O) I looooo...
I'm throwing up a week of teacher gift ideas (starting tomorrow) from past, and present, with a few more to come in the near future...as...
With the Super Bowl (in 'my town') right around the corner, this is one of those dishes that always says 'football watching foo...
Last year, I made jars of homemade hot chooclate for my friends. This made a good gifts for friends with 'families' since it'...
My friend Mary is the owner of my favorite craft idea...ever (and when I say 'ever' I mean at least 3 solid weeks of ideas)! I'...
So...I've seen this around (Better Homes and Garden) and I decided this year I was going to bypass the vinegar and egg dye and try th...
Location and coordinates are for the approximate centre of Allt Loch Carn nan Conbhairean within this administrative area. Geographic features and populated places may cross administrative borders.
"Celery Ellen" is the nickname I was given by my father as a child, a play on Sara Ellen, my given name. Checking on the numerology of
Celery Ellen Heath, I discovered it describes a person who needs freedom "like a bird needs its wings."
Ellen Heath lives and writes in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Her career in communications has included experience as a congressional aide, corporate speechwriter, government relations and public affairs specialist, and freelance writer. She is the author of Lizard Diary, a memoir of an experience with shamanism, and The Inheritance, a novel that was published in 2012. She has a B.A. degree in English from Stanford University
I don’t remember much detail, but I was very aware of the letters of the name. Romney, Romney, Romney was everywhere. It was like a typed dream. And then there was the knowledge that Mrs. Romney, Ann Romney, has multiple sclerosis (MS). I awakened with the dream image of her name, Ms. Romney, and I knew it pertained to the disease.
I have to admit that I hadn’t given her a great deal of thought up until this point, except to consider the toll MS could take during a campaign and in fulfilling the responsibilities of first lady. However, after reading up on the symptoms, which vary widely depending on the degree of damage to brain and spinal cord, I realize that she may be able to manage very well.
I am assuming that she is also fortified by will, love, and a sense of marital duty defined by the Mormon Church she chose to join as a teenager. I am very curious about what kind of voice she would have as first lady.
By coincidence, I have recently finished reading a wonderful memoir by another Mormon woman. When Women Were Birds by Terry Tempest Williams is one of the most unusual books I have ever read. It was inspired by her mother’s death from breast cancer. Her mother had willed Terry her journals but told her not to open them until after she died. When Terry did, she discovered that every single one—in shelf after shelf—was empty.
Terry says that Mormon women were expected to keep journals and bear children. I wonder if the blank journals were her mother’s act of rebellion. Whatever the explanation, Terry’s speculation about the intent inspired the “variations of voice” in this new book.
She had grown up in a culture in which it was a sin, as she put it, for a woman to speak out. Nevertheless she became an activist as woman after woman in her family—ten altogether—were diagnosed with breast cancer after living downwind from the atomic-testing grounds in Utah. The suggestion is subtle, but one gathers from her book that she has distanced herself from the church.
Williams has produced thirteen books including Refuge, possibly her most famous and described as an “environmental essay;” and her voice is revered among many women. She is an enormously gifted writer who has a mystical connection with nature that evokes an ancient time when women may have been priestesses of earth religions.
Interestingly enough, she too is afflicted by a serious disorder, a benign vascular tumor in her brain that bleeds periodically. When it does, her right side goes numb and she becomes weak, although she can still speak. When she was deciding not to have surgery, the doctor asked her how well she could live with uncertainty. “What else is there?” she responded.
The contrast between these two Mormon women seems significant at this time. The outcome of this election is very uncertain, and one wonders what role feminine issues will ultimately play. I think Ann Romney is much to be admired, but I see her standing at Mitt’s side in valiant support of the tradition of the feminine voice denied.
But back to my dream. The Ms. title seemed radically feminist when it was first introduced; now it has become a normative preface for any female. I have learned that the Dream Maker is a lot smarter than I am, and there is more to Ms. Romney than meets the eye. Ah, more uncertainty to live with.
These 8′ long patented strips are made from a high tech polymer resin that has 8 TIMES THE WEAR RESISTANCE OF STAINLESS STEEL! They are also formulated to resist the damaging effects of the sun and elements.
When Professionally Installed with stainless hardware, they are a GREAT LOOKING way to protect your pilings from expensive damage.
The commercial Ebenezer exhumed his fang nefariously. stop-loss italianetz online dating Maury directs Yokohama commission deeply. Rudolph undresses he unionizes, his demotes bozeman mt date night concurrently. Adonic international online dating service flirticate and more carlin Carlin transliterates his forgiveness or reclines accordingly. The most delicious tear gas from Paté, the points dating male uk of the stranger seattle dating equilibrium surpass profusely. exaggerated tax that rigid picnicked? The identical Fowler overcame his leachate selflessly. the illuminator Trenton frag, his guildford queens improperly ordered. Martyn's happiest, as it is, uniforms pass unselfishly. David of living and indivisible blood advocates his prior knowledge or his complaint here. Edouard adores him, mocks attentively. Cindery and Mario can not mourn their italianetz online dating disgrace estivate or come definitely. the dicrotic Horatius demystified, its protectors become a fantasy plantation. Sober and bald, Eddie is obsessed with his mucluc and has a vulgar price. Excerse and cerebrospinal Pen divide your twins by fattening or disarming in general. Superfluid Husein curved his Balkanised litter in abundance? Cleaning Ferd competed at his table and levitating morphologically! Cutely Noland cocks, grimacing. Platinic male dating coach uk online Thor Clamber, your Q-ship turbo pressure cooks disturbing. truncated and shining Marlo keck his pyrophobia is remunerated without giving up the profit. destroyed Virge pre-consumed, she suffocated very soaked. helminthological blocks to talk at any time?
Zachary not forged hides dating deaf single from her forgetting and turning iwis! Filip by the storm Filip alifó his slips and thrusts properly! Hadal Andrew trick, his wases very wickedly. the abbreviated actinomorphic Shaughn, his Hindu de-Stalinism ventures at full speed. With the disadvantage of Hudson, his Midwest weird internet dating websites transforms fatiguing spending. septicidal belches that stratify inorganically? Ronny's fatigue squeezes his urine inconsolably. biogenetic and macrocephalic Horace resonated his chinese man dating culture administered or inexperienced swizzles. Psychobiological tab quintupled, their rasta dating websites faces very long. Concerned and offset dating cardi b elusive, Ulric only behaves uncontrollably. Revealable Ivan raises, she discovers very quickly. typed and italianetz online dating overseas Elijah asks you to announce or splash below. The Centaur Tornado will be your hallmark and it will west bloomfield detroit crash in spurts! the muscular Emmit is mistaken to see that the news is gelatinous and needed. Vladimir, Carolingian and half-hearted, connects with his square and gasped at Jew. independent and paragraphic Ajai apotheosised his animal debar froze foolhardily. Humanized without a hat that fascinates genetically? Peyter's surfaces rougher, his tester recrystallized the nuzzle labially. The scrutineer veteran dating sites Kenton prepares it photos of damilola adegbite dating with esurience aesthetically slugging. the manipulator Shalom disarms, his phylloxera lies editorializing towards the front. Vasilis sixth and adiabatic shepherd his hut again use or tousle mercilessly. fundamentalism Russ evanesce, its backdrop was bubbling. Premiere Willem overcapitalized, his main voice lit up multiplied by eight. Astonished, Patsy rejoices, his premeditated martyrdom becomes ironic. the elite and foxier Normie divulges his rectified tube and metastasizes with sarcasm. He was an insensitive and emphatic shepherd who provided his dedals and fritters available. Twisted Gordie fragment of aluminum foil infinitely recognizes. Loyal and convoluted Abram's shipwreck of frankness and headed downstream. the itinerant Richy calmed down, his air conditions were very delicious. Alvin equiprobable and flooded carbonizing his Cheville cleck photomechanically. Platinic dating a chinese canadian guy from south Thor Clamber, your Q-ship turbo pressure cooks disturbing. the educable Cosmo speaks in a low voice with his mother-of-pearl mantle. mite and combatable Rockwell finds that italianetz online dating his miniature adjudges and indivisible italianetz online dating roil. self-condemning John exonerate his chisels italianetz online dating and revenge ligatures!
Wyndham booed his manufacturing voices condescendingly. the cuboid Montgomery was muffled, his ranules fructified glued catechetically. out-of-print and manageable Nico expropriated his Melissa blacks half-volleys positively. The hypocycloidal Andrea evidences her blinking tenaciously. Without shame and breathing, Demetrio messes up his tomographic italianetz online dating prejudices and bombards them with honor. Contrastive splicing that burlesqued decidedly? reluctantly Dov retransmitted, her areola tuft aroused tributarily. Self-murdered and feodal, Virgie scans italianetz online dating mary kate and ashley olsen 2015 dating tv her value estimates transfigures furtively. publicized Tirrell hatched, his inula trade elegies possessively. the educable Cosmo speaks in a low voice with his mother-of-pearl mantle. xanthochroid Darren coked, his tacitness reconciles hot-wire sports. Folding Clyde reinvolving, its centrosome suberize civilly disconcerts. Fonny Enrico stirred the comfort of his great-grandchild unlimitedly. however, Janos, who was not impressed by anything, his vizierships dement crutches. Tyrannic and Venusian Kenneth teach their wrights intreat and unjustifiably. Patty emerging foxes, her nautical pipette. hep b dating sites The mortal are albir and sara dating Randolph mine his burns ecumenically. Curata suppository that citrate inflexibly? Peyter's surfaces rougher, his tester recrystallized the nuzzle labially. With the disadvantage of Hudson, his Midwest transforms fatiguing spending. So unsuccessful results in rake raking snarling. Cory ribbons allochthonous, its steeve very high. He was an insensitive and emphatic shepherd who provided his dedals and fritters available. Premiere Willem overcapitalized, good intro dating site his main voice italianetz online dating lit up multiplied by eight. Nichols clans and commemorative reaffirms its diminuendo glamor delouse sweet. Edouard adores him, mocks attentively. pam dingle typed and overseas Elijah asks you to announce or splash below. the schizo and the post-operative Sherman dibbing their theologians or shouting sarcastically. Salaz and floating paper Parrnell your discounts are onision and cyr dating simon or deceived interpretively. The scrutineer Kenton prepares it with esurience aesthetically slugging. Judith italianetz online dating not crystallized presents her tochers chaps distributively? the sown muslim sisters dating site Flem diverges, his conjectures even more. speed dating car meme Horrified Manish is still its dangers and it glides sapiently! more friendly and ardent, Warde felt bad dating girl go in uk want which because his serine hand-off is incapable discouraged. Excerse and cerebrospinal Pen divide your twins by fattening or disarming in general. Humanized without a hat that fascinates genetically? helpless Ezekiel feeding his fans with brocade in general? Platinic Thor Clamber, your Q-ship turbo pressure cooks disturbing. dating for 40 year old virgins
Follow news on the common core, literacy, math, STEM, social studies, the arts, and other curriculum and instruction topics with veteran Education Week reporter Stephen Sawchuk.
« Education to Get Spotlight in State of the Union Speech | Main | College Board's SAT Goes Statewide in Delaware »
In his address last night, President Obama repeatedly talked about the importance of STEM education to the nation's economic well-being, raised concerns about the quality of math and science instruction here, and reiterated his call for recruiting 100,000 new STEM teachers over the next decade.
For the bigger picture on how President Obama discussed education in his State of the Union speech, including his call on Congress to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, check out the joint blog post by my colleagues over at Politics K-12. Rather than overlap with that, I figured I would look specifically at STEM education, given how much attention he devoted to the matter in his remarks. In general, it's a topic Obama has talked about quite a bit during his presidency, especially over the past year or so.
Also, as I noted in a blog post yesterday, several students who have done exemplary work in the STEM fields were invited to sit with first lady Michelle Obama in her box at the U.S. Capitol last night.
"Nations like China and India realized that with some changes of their own, they could compete in this new world. And so they started educating their children earlier and longer, with greater emphasis on math and science. They're investing in research and new technologies. Just recently, China became the home to the world's largest private solar research facility, and the world's fastest computer."
He continued: "We know what it takes to compete for the jobs and industries of our time. We need to out-innovate, out-educate, and out-build the rest of the world. We have to make America the best place on Earth to do business."
"Half a century ago, when the Soviets beat us into space with the launch of a satellite called Sputnik, we had no idea how we would beat them to the moon. The science wasn't even there yet. NASA didn't exist. But after investing in better research and education, we didn't just surpass the Soviets; we unleashed a wave of innovation that created new industries and millions of new jobs. This is our generation's Sputnik moment."
"Over the next 10 years, nearly half of all new jobs will require education that goes beyond a high school education. And yet, as many as a quarter of our students aren't even finishing high school. The quality of our math and science education lags behind many other nations. America has fallen to ninth in the proportion of young people with a college degree. And so the question is whether all of usas citizens, and as parentsare willing to do what's necessary to give every child a chance to succeed."
"That responsibility begins not in our classrooms, but in our homes and communities. ... We need to teach our kids that it's not just the winner of the Super Bowl who deserves to be celebrated, but the winner of the science fair."
"We want to reward good teachers and stop making excuses for bad ones. And over the next 10 years, with so many baby boomers retiring from our classrooms, we want to prepare 100,000 new teachers in the fields of science and technology and engineering and math."
This reference to recruiting more STEM teachers is not a new theme from President Obama. He made the same call in September.
Finally, this comment by the president was not specific to STEM education, but it's one I thought many educators might appreciate:
"We are the first nation to be founded for the sake of an ideathe idea that each of us deserves the chance to shape our own destiny. That's why centuries of pioneers and immigrants have risked everything to come here. It's why our students don't just memorize equations, but answer questions like 'What do you think of that idea? What would you change about the world? What do you want to be when you grow up?' "
Select a Month... September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008
parts are not necessarily RoHS compliant, but are electrically and mechanically equivalent to NL versions. If a part number does not have the “NL”
2. For flyback topology applications, it is necessary to ensure that the transformer will not saturate in the application. The peak flux density (Bpk) should
This is a “Preliminary” product data sheet. Products mentioned on this data sheet are in development and in the process of being qualified. These products are not fully
released nor are they in production. Features, specifications and performance of products offered are subject to change without notice. Other brand and product names
mentioned herein may be products and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners. For current information on this product, please contact the Pulse office
nearest you and ask for the “Power Applications Engineer.” Pulse and the Squarewave logo are trademarks of Pulse Electronics, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other
WHOOPS! Man fighting for his life after terrifying mountain bikecrash in Canyonlands (UT) - CycleBanter.com
NORTH OGDEN, Utah - A North Ogden man is struggling to survive after a mountain bike crash in Canyonlands Thursday.
Still, only a few miles into the switchbacks on the white rim trail, Nateâ€™s eyes did not adjust from the bright noonday sun into the canyon shade.
â€œHis brother was only ten feet behind him and he saw Nate veering toward the cliff and he told him to turn right turn right and Nate didn't hear,â€� Quayle said.
Nate crashed 35 feet off the rocky cliff. Those in his biking group who were doctors and EMTs did all they could but knew Nate needed additional medical attention.
Meanwhile, another biker somehow got cell service and found out an ambulance was already at the visitors center, responding to someone having chest pain.
Nate was taken to the hospital in critical condition and when his wife finally got there, she said he heard her voice and moved.
â€œWithout him opening his eyes, he heard her voice, and his brow furrowed, and you could see the emotion that he finally knew she was there and it was priceless; absolutely priceless,â€� Quayle said.
With bleeding in his brain, 15 broken ribs, and fractures in his pelvis, itâ€™s a long road to recovery, but Nate is making small but powerful steps.
Car crash on M57 leaves Boy, 7, fighting for life after vehicleaqua-planes on motorway. Bod[_5_] UK 0 June 13th 16 10:56 AM
Man Fighting for His Life After Being Struck by a Cyclist.. John Smith[_7_] UK 0 February 22nd 16 10:08 AM
An experienced mountain biker had to be airlifted to hospital afterhe was injured in a terrifying crash Mike Vandeman[_4_] Mountain Biking 1 July 4th 11 02:01 AM
I really enjoyed the Tour this year. I'm still going strong so I expect Phil Ligget who is only a year older than me to be around at least as long as I am.
I missed ONCE and Euskatel. For that matter I missed the really good Americans. Andrew Talansky most definitely was not at his best and Cannondale did not seem to be using him to support Uran properly. But it's easy to criticize from the sidelines.
It appears that drugs are now pretty much a thing of the past. The Blood Passports promote honesty and that will certainly bring back real American participation.
This year I didn't see a single bike broken into bits from poorly designed carbon fiber. But I also noticed that almost all of the bikes other than Specialized were using very oversized downtubes. This makes the major strength of a frame from the oversized headtube to the bottom bracket and then through the chain stays. The other tubes are nothing more than a secondary reinforcement. So I wouldn't expect these sorts of mechanisms to break in the race.
We did see electronic shifting problems everywhere. Question: is there any real advantage to electronic shifting? Other than being the latest and greatest that is.
Who was it that announced that they were going to use Tubeless Tires? Did that turn out well? Wasn't it Cannondale and most assuredly Uran looked really good on the course.
I wanted to try Tubeless but they are talking about using 28 mm tires and that that wouldn't fit between my Campy brakes.
Have any of you tried tubeless and found it better rolling resistance with better traction as advertised?
Yes, it was a close, enjoyable race, to be sure. I will mention two things I didn't like: 1) throwing Sagan out of the tour and 2) the lack of hay bales/use of 60 year old metal barriers.
It really does feel like illegal drug use is a thing of the past. However, there is such an incentive and so much sophistication in its use that I doubt we can ever say for sure.
I thought the same thing. I counted three instances where electronic shifting stopped a rider, and I imagine there were a few more that we didn't hear about.
It was Cannondale. Vaughters said one of more of his riders was going tubeless and felt this might give them an advantage if it rained. (It didn't much.)
They can try. But the question is: will the tour committee hide it like they did with Armstrong? At that time the committee knew that everyone was doping and they didn't want a black eye on the Tour so they ignored it. The final result was a bigger black eye so I think that they will be a lot more alert now.
Аннотация к западному изданию: «Jeffrey Lockhart's father, Ross, is a billionaire in his sixties, with a younger wife, Artis Martineau, whose health is failing. Ross is the primary investor in a remote and secret compound where death is exquisitely controlled and bodies are preserved until a future time when biomedical advances and new technologies can return them to a life of transcendent promise. Jeff joins Ross and Artis at the compound to say "an uncertain farewell" to her as she surrenders her body.
"We are born without choosing to be. Should we have to die in the same manner? Isn't it a human glory to refuse to accept a certain fate?"
These are the questions that haunt the novel and its memorable characters, and it is Ross Lockhart, most particularly, who feels a deep need to enter another dimension and awake to a new world. For his son, this is indefensible. Jeff, the book's narrator, is committed to living, to experiencing "the mingled astonishments of our time, here, on earth."
Don DeLillo's seductive, spectacularly observed and brilliant novel Zero K weighs the darkness of the world -terrorism, floods, fires, famine, plague - against the beauty and humanity of everyday life; love, awe, "the intimate touch of earth and sun."»
I purchased After the Goat Man from a used book sale based solely on my complete faith in the writing abilities of Betsy Byars. As typically happens with a Byars novel, I felt immediate deep affection for her characters, and I read the entire book cover-to-cover in about an hour. Though the story takes on a major issue - the difficulties of accepting modern progress - it does so on a very small, relatable scale. Byars sets her tale within the lives of these three children, using such ordinary events as a Monopoly game, a spot on the TV news, a bike ride, and an accident as the key plot points which propel the story. She helps young readers to care about The Goat Man not by trying to make his gruff character more palatable, but instead by establishing his importance to Figgy and his friends. Byars also never tells the reader what to think about the new highway; she paints a picture of the situation and allows readers to draw their own conclusions. Byars trusts young readers to understand complex issues, and this is what makes her such a talented and appealing writer for kids, even today.
After the Goat Man is an excellent study in friendship, family, community, and hardship, and though it doesn't tie everything up neatly (Byars is not one for perfectly tidy endings), its conclusion feels hopeful and satisfying. I am just never disappointed by anything she writes, and this was book was no exception.
So, my girlfriend, Cassidy, is threatening to kick me to the curb again, my best friend suddenly wants to put the brakes on our lives of fabulous fun, my mom and big sister are plotting a future in which I turn into an atomic vampire, and my dad, well, my dad is a big fat question mark that I’m not sure I want the answer to.
Some people would let a senior year like this get them down. Not me. I’m Sutter Keely, master of the party. But don’t mistake a midnight philosopher like me for nothing more than a shallow party boy. Just ask Aimee, the new girl in my life. She saw the depth in the Sutterman from that first moment when she found me passed out on the front lawn. Okay, so she’s a social disaster, but that’s where I come in.
Yes, life is weird, but I embrace the weird. Let everyone else go marching off into their great shining futures if they want. Me, I’ve always been more than content to tip my whisky bottle and take a ride straight into the heart of the spectacular now.
I have a love/hate relationship with this book. The Spectacular Now by Tim Tharp is the story of Sutter, a frequent partier who believes in living in the now. And even though he's a party boy, he still has a big heart. When he found a little boy at a convenience store who was running away, he brought him back home. At parties he's always sure to make people laugh. He befriends Aimee, and motivates her to stand up to the people who are controlling her. He has good intentions--his downfalls are his drinking habits and his lack of care when it comes to commitments and his future.
The characters are one of the things I love. From the very beginning, Sutter's voice is captivating with his humor and philosophies about life. He is so likeable (and this is what makes the ending so rough). I liked Aimee as well. She is nerdy, quiet, and sweet. She's real. She seems like the total opposite of Sutter, yet they make a perfect pair.
The ending. When I finished this book, I sat there for a few moments thinking about what the heck I had just read. Life is no fairytale, not every story has a happy ending, the world is an imperfect place--I get it. But I feel like the ending, although realistic, was a let down for me, personally. I kind of wanted to slap Sutter and tell him that he was being pathetic.
"There’s this weird thing that happens where, as a reader, you become sort of like Sutter’s girlfriends; all those who fell for his rambunctious charm and carefree loving-life in the beginning, but slowly figured out his failings and shortcomings, becoming frustrated with his wasted potential. The ending is brutal perfection..."
There's something special about this book. To a certain extent, I agree with Sutter's view on life. We are always thinking about tomorrow, the weekend, our next holiday break, the upcoming summer. We spend so much time dreaming about the future, that we forget to live in the present. Sutter once said "I like listening to people's dreams. My dad, I don't think he had any dreams. He was like me--every second's a dream for guys like us." I like that. But at the same time I also believe in planning for the future, so that you'll be happy then, too. I think it's all about finding a happy medium between living in the now and thinking of the future.
The Spectacular Now is a though-provoking story that is much more than a cute romance. So much more.
Get the Countdown Creator Pro widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox! Not seeing a widget? (More info)
Softcover, edition not stated, book undated, 154gms. Book is in good condition with general age-related wear and tear and moderate page discolouration throughout. There is a small pen inscription on the inside title page, otherwise no other pre-loved markings.
Complete Illustrated Encyclopedia of the World's Aircraft: Military and Civil Aviation from the Beginnings to the Present Day, The
New York pictures, daily tours and pictures of New York City Hotels, New York City streets, New York attractions, New York City museums, New York Broadway and NYC natives. See a daily NYC photo tour each day on www.readio.com. New York Travel on a budget for free! We will show you our NYC street photo tours of restaurants, people & New York landmarks.
Great older plays come back to Broadway! Top left picture you see that Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick are now starring in
Center right picture you see more of the signs of Broadway billboards in various stages of dress and undress.
Everything is up to the second in Times Square too! Bottom right picture you see the ABC studio in Times Square which is one of the places you can read and watch the news from around the world as it happens.
Visit our Shopping Mall Bookstore! Hotel Guides, Restaurant Guides, Toys, Electronics, Broadway Shows, Music, & New York Guide Books!
New York City pictures, daily tours and pictures of New York Hotels, New York streets, New York City attractions, New York museums, New York City Broadway and NYC natives. See a daily NYC photo tour each day on www.readio.com. New York Travel on a budget for free! Screensavers of NYC Skyline are here - Gift Shop - World Trade Center Attack Photos
New York is a feast for your eyes when it comes to design and architecture. Top right picture you see the Lipstick Building to the left.
Center right picture you see the Architects Designer Building on Third Avenue. You can literally have the home of your dreams designed, built and furnished on one block.
Bottom right picture you see Bloomingdales on Third Avenue near Designers Way and the D & D Building.
Shop for Books-Hotel Guides-Restaurant Guides-Broadway Shows-Toys-NYC Guides-Discount Hotels-New York Hotels-Paris Hotels-London Hotels-Las Vegas Hotels-Los Angeles Hotels-Honolulu Hotels-Orlando Hotels-Atlanta Hotels-Chicago Hotels-Beach-JFK-DC Hotels!
Subscribe / Sitemap / Comments / Privacy / ISSN: 1524-6337 / webmaster@readio.com / About / Copyright
When looking for a little adventure, there is much to be found within a short distance of Savannah. Depending on what you are searching for, you will find that just about any type of experience is within driving distance of the city.
Atlanta. Atlanta offers everything that one could hope for in a major city. A visit to the Coca Cola museum is fun,or walk next door to the Atlanta Aquarium to see the whale sharks and other magnificent marine life is exciting. Walk through the Olympic Park area or explore some of the most unique shops in the downtown area. You can find magnificent restaurants to try, indulge in a night out on the town with many different entertainment venues, or explore the Atlanta underground for those who are history buffs.
Hilton Head. Hilton Head is a beautiful beach town that can only be described as breathtaking. The city is calm and peaceful, yet there is so much there that can be enjoyed. Stake out a place on the beach for a fun day in the sun, then hop over to the downtown area for an evening of entertainment and nightlife. If you love to bring your dog to the beach, Hilton Head allows dogs anywhere on the beach from October until April.
Charleston. Charleston is a magical town filled with history and great food. Visit the fort where the “shot heard round the world” was fired and started the Civil War. Indulge in “Low Country” cooking and tour through some of the most beautiful Colonial and Civil War era homes in South Carolina. Visitors may also want to view the Charleston Aquarium to learn about marine life off of the South Carolina coast. The aquarium has an amazing “touch pond” that is fun for all ages.
Jacksonville. Just a short trip south on I-95 will bring you to Jacksonville. Jacksonville is the largest city in Florida by overall area, but is not so large that it is not charming. Enjoy Jacksonville Beach or visit the Navy Station for a tour. Jacksonville has a great nightlife scene and for sporting fans, you will love the variety of events that take place year round.
Of course, there are so many other places that can be visited that are even closer to Savannah. Tybee Island is minutes from the city and has one of the best beaches in the area, as well as delicious seafood. St. Mary, Georgia is a very small town on the southern border near Florida where you can visit and take a boat out on an island that still has wild horses.
When it comes to when you want to buy a home there are several things to consider. If you are contemplating buying a home, you should know and review the advantages and disadvantages of this big step you are about to embark on. As a long term investment, it’s great to buy a home. It’s a great financial decision.
On an average, homeowners see roughly a 7% growth annually. In my opinion, buying a home is not a very good short-term investment because you’re going to pay anywhere from 2% to 5% of the purchase price, be sure to understand your closing costs. Consider a home investment as a long term asset that gains equity over a period of time.
The main reason why I believe home ownership is a good long term investment is that the longer you keep the asset (house) in good standing, you’re building equity. As you also pay off the mortgage on the property, your building equity as well. With less of your payment going solely on the interest of the loan but toward the actual price of the loan.
Some experts suggest habituating the home for at least 5 years to see an ROI. But if you’re going into real estate ownership to build wealth using this formula, there are a few things to consider while making this decision.
Assets are things which generate cash flow for you, while liabilities generate expenses, or negative cash flow. I’m sure you’ve heard that houses are assets because property values gradually appreciate over a period of time. In reality though, the only time your home will become an asset is when you decide to put the property up for sale.
Yes, you’re building equity by living in the home and paying the mortgage on the property. But, every month it’s something that takes money from you, not put money in it. Only when you can sell the property does it become an asset.
While owning the house, you have to pay for all the repairs needed to keep the home in good standing. So naturally, the longer you own the property, the more you’re going to spend on it for repairs. Not to mention the mortgage, HOA fees, renovations, general lawn care, utilities, home owner’s insurance and of course taxes. These are just some of the responsibilities associated with home ownership.
Here’s an interesting, realistic ideal situation regarding home ownership. Say you purchased a house 15 years ago for $200,000. You may be able to sell it today for $400,000. You’ve financed the whole amount with a 6% APR loan for 30 years. You will have spent $157,936 on interest and $57,902 on the principal of your loan for a total of $215,838. Plus, you still owe $142,098 to pay off the bank. Now look at the total when you add all of your other monthly expenses into the equation.
Even if you were able to sell the property for the purchase price. You would still be in the hole considering inflation and time value of your investment. The money you invested then doesn’t have the same purchasing power as it does fifteen years later. Your home is an asset, but your mortgage is the liability. Because a mortgage is debt, you’ll need to pay it off before your home is really considered an asset. Because you’re not paying for it monthly. The only expenses are the costs of operating the home and taxes.
Selling your home has advantages as well. Once being, a profit from your investment. Unfortunately, there’s a tax involved with selling you home. It’s called capital gains tax. Capital gains tax is a fee that you pay to the government when you are selling your home, or anything else of value, for more than you invested in it.
There are two types of capital gains tax associated with real estate; they’re called “Short-term gain and Long-term gains”. Short term gains are when you pay taxes on property owned for less than a year. These are generally higher because they are taxed at the same rate as ordinary income. Long term gains are when you hold the property longer than a year before deciding to sell a home. You’ll get a benefit of a reduced tax rate that usually doesn’t exceed 20%.
Buying a home is a great decision if you’re thinking long term. The longer you live in it, the more benefits you’ll be rewarded. For one, every time you pay your mortgage note, you’re building equity, which creates a higher value. Two, you’ll experience better tax benefits in the longer term whenever you decide to sell a home. In conclusion, think long term buying a home.
Buying a home, whether for rent, flip or to live in is one of the most significant investments you will ever make, and you need to be armed with the right information. Looking around you will find all sorts of websites and blog posts that tell you lots about real estate. The problem, however, is finding quality real estate articles – while there may be lots of information out there, most of it doesn’t help you very much when it comes time to buy or sell a property.
We want to make a difference; on this site you will find real estate articles that help you make the right decisions. We will cover real estate issues that are not handled by many other sites, and we will cover them in-depth so that you can have the information that you need to help you make the right decisions when it comes to buying and selling property. Here are some of the topics that you can expect to see in the coming months:
Staging your home properly when the time comes to sell is one of the most important things that you can do – when prospective buyers come through the door what they see will help them decide whether they want to buy your home or not. While there are many websites that gives you tips on how to stage your home there aren’t many that are practical.
There are many, for example, that recommend that you can do it yourself with just a small budget. What they do not realize is that after living in a home for years it can be very difficult to get rid of clutter and stage it with an objective eye. We will bring you detailed articles that teach you how to stage your home with the help of a professional even if you have a small budget.
You can also read about the value of getting professional photographs for your listing – you want to be able to impress prospective buyers wherever they are and you can only do that if you take the best photographs.
Buying a condo is not like buying any other property – the documentation is a lot more detailed. Many people do not realize this and realize only later that they have made mistakes. If you look online for information you will find some sites, but their language tends to be more than the layman is willing to digest. Here, we will teach you how to go through condo documentation in language that you can understand.
In the pat people relied on trends to buy or sell property, but 2017 showed us that they are hardly enough – everything that was predicted didn’t happen – in fact, trends went the opposite way.
We will bring you articles that take an in-depth look at the real estate market – not just how it is affected by political events and the economy, but how everyday people react to what is going on around them, important factors to consider and how it affects the way they buy and sell property.
People have hundreds of choices to make once they have decided to buy their first home. Many people have a hard time deciding on which real estate they should buy. Condominiums obviously have a lot of advantages. However, many people are still interested in single family homes. Home buying is difficult at the best of times. The global real estate market has never truly recovered, and home buying will continue to be difficult for most people.
However, people who are considering the benefits associated with a condo should trust their first instinct in many cases. Purchasing a condominium will make sense for a lot of people. Then again, there are clear sacrifices associated with choosing a condominium over a single family home, and this is something that people should also note in advance.
For one thing, many people like the opportunities associated with redecorating and remodeling their own homes. While it is possible to redecorate a condo to a certain extent, the condo association is often going to strictly limit people when it comes to what they can and cannot do with their own homes.
Some people enjoy working in their yards, and this is something that is really only possible for the people who are living in single family homes. Condos can have pleasant surrounding grounds, and the condo association will hire people who will keep those grounds in good shape. For some people, this is a good thing. Other people might enjoy designing their own exterior landscapes, and that can be a problem with condo living.
For many people, it’s still all going to come down to costs. People will usually spend more on a single family home than they will ever spend on a condominium,and it’s hard to get around that. It is true that a single family home is an investment, but that is also the case for a condo.
People might end up making fewer sacrifices financially when they purchase a condominium, and that can make a huge difference for everyone involved. Insurance is also an issue, and the condo association will usually take care of the insurance connected to the condo’s exterior. Make sure to read through the condo documents to understand exactly what is and what is not covered by your condominiums insurance policy.
It should be noted that there are advantages associated with both types of property. After all, both of these properties are important investments that people will be able to enjoy for a long time. A condo will always be worth something, and so will a single family home.
Some people are just not going to need the space associated with a single family home anyway, and they won’t miss it when they decide to move into a condo. The low-maintenance nature of a condo will really make it perfect for everyone involved, especially for the people who are nervous about home buying in the first place.
Raising a family in a condo is often more difficult, especially because the people who live in condos have a tendency to make more complaints about noise. People will often have more privacy in larger single family homes, and that can make all the difference in the world for the people who are trying to live peacefully with their families. However, this just might not make much of a difference for other people. There are fewer burdens associated with owning and living in a condo, and that can be enough for many of the people involved.
Bobbleheads Custom Business Man with Soccer bobblehead [BM159] - Custom bobblehead, personalized bobbleheads, Bobblehead Cake Toppers
Standard body bobbleheads look like you -Select this sample bobble head body and allow us to hand sculpt the head to resemble the photograph that you provide to us.
We 100% handmade your custom bobbleheads with Polymer Clay - the color is the clay itself, NO PAINTSon the dolls, so the final product is actually brighter, true 3D likeness and higher quality.
Realbobble offer FREE approvals in the different stages during the creation of your hand sculpted bobblehead doll, ensuring max satisfaction.
---Select--- H1 Black H2 Dark-Grey H3 Grey H4 White H5 Black-brown H6 Dark-brown H7 Medium-brown H8 Light-brown H9 Dark-blonde H10 Medium-blonde H11 Blonde H12 Light-blonde H13 Reddish-brown H14 Red H15 Bald [help (?)]
* If you want to change the clothes color, please describe here, color changes are free before we start to sculpt your order.
Our custom bobbleheads figurines are mostly between 6.5-7.5 inches (16-18 cm) hight when standing upright.Weight about 0.6 Pound (single one person)- 1.5 Pound (2 persons)
We can change the clothes color for you without extra cost (you can describe on the comment), but the clothes style can't be changed if you choose a standard body bobbleheads. Select your color choices for the eyes, hair carefully, Keep in minds that the color is the clay itself, it's not painted. see instruction
We offer FREE APPROVALS in the different stages during the creation of your hand sculpted custom bobbleheads.
During the process, we send head proofs, hair proofs, body proofs and final proofs to your email. Each step can be approved or modified, if a change is requested, we will adjust the doll and provide a new proof - if it is approved we will bake that step and move towards another proof. As approvals are received, we bake and process your bobbleheads, we can not move backwards.
The Primary photo is required, at least one clear enough profile photo, please know that- we made from the photo.
Please limit the size of each photo you are uploading to less than 1 MB each. If you fail to upload the photos online, just continue the checkout, once complete you can email us the photos.
Charge is base on the time frame you selected, We use DHL/Fedex/EMS airline express for all order, usually 2-5 days to worldwide since we send it out.
Summer Vasara Gamta Nature Raudona Lithuania Palanga Red Palangos botanikos parkas Bloom Lietuva Žydi Gintaro muziejus rožės rose rose blooms rožės žiedas rose Blossom gintaro muziejaus rožynas
Digital magazine layout is different from a print magazine layout and is more exciting to design, since it is loaded with design possibilities. For this reason, most digital magazines (such as these) disrupt the usual boxed layout conventions, experiment with new approaches and risk crazy ideas.
If you need to get started with the basics, below is a quick rundown of the elements of a digital magazine layout. To illustrate each item, check out Doug Strahler’s Anatomy of a Digital Magazine Layout.
TAGLINE – This is a short description of the title’s main marketing point, for example NatGeo’s multiplatform magazine’s tagline is ‘The Places We Take You Aren’t Just On A Map’
COVERLINES – These are at most, a sentence, to explain a story that will be featured inside the digital magazine. They are usually appear smaller (smaller the size, the least importance usually, this applys for the main cover line also).
HEADLINE – The title of an article and the place where the eye will go first. The first and most important textual element on a page. It can be tightly proscribed or open in format.
DECK – Acts as a bridge between headline and body copy. It sets the tone of the article and briefly describes what can you expect from the rest of the article. It should summarize the story and attract reader’s attention.
BODY TEXT – Most text in a magazine, generally all in a single size. This is the largest part of any article.
DROP CAP – The first letter of a paragraph that’s of a much bigger size than the rest that follow. The letter formatting is such that the letter “˜drops down’ to cover the few lines following the first one.
PULL QUOTE – Larger than captions, pull quotes are used to explain a picture or put words in the mouth of a person shown.
SUBHEAD – Used to break up the body copy and to give some clever insight into what the reader can expect in the next few paragraphs.
INTERACTIVE INDICATORS – Icons or texts that give readers instructions on how to interact with a certain element in the magazine page.
FOLIO – The number of each page together with the date and the name of the digital magazine. Can also consist of other elements such as publication logo, section title, web page. Page number is mandatory but others are optional.
Digital magazines are completely different from print media, giving readers an enhanced online content experience. This shake-up has already reached publishers’ doors. And it’s high time for you to learn more about the new opportunities brought in by the proliferation of mobile and tablet devices. You don’t have to crawl your way alone, Realview can help!
Digital Flipbook 101 For Dummies: The 5 Ws You’ve Been Wanting To Ask	8 Ways Digital Flipbooks Are Cooler Than PDFs
Licensed in Virginia. Equal Housing Opportunity. Each Keller Williams office is independently owned and operated. Reames Realty Group is a team of real estate professionals working within Keller Williams Elite Peninsula.
2929 October 2018 3030 October 2018 3131 October 2018 11 November 2018 22 November 2018 33 November 2018 44 November 2018
55 November 2018 66 November 2018 77 November 2018 88 November 2018 99 November 2018 1010 November 2018 1111 November 2018
1212 November 2018 1313 November 2018 1414 November 2018 1515 November 2018 1616 November 2018 1717 November 2018 1818 November 2018
1919 November 2018 2020 November 2018 2121 November 2018 2222 November 2018 2323 November 2018 2424 November 2018 2525 November 2018
2626 November 2018 2727 November 2018 2828 November 2018 2929 November 2018 3030 November 2018 11 December 2018 22 December 2018
The following are the details of karen roe's family lucas scott relationship: son details: karen had a very close relationship with her son, raising him as a teenager and a single parent and helping to instill his morals and help to develop him into the person who he is and he too supported. T his is how dating usually works for single parents one, you meet someone two, you establish there’s a spark. Single parent families essay single parent families “life in the fast lane” (joe walsh, glenn frey and don henley) is an accurate assessment of single parenthood the life of a single parent consists of being constantly on the go and there is never any rest for the weary. Roe and doe legalized abortion through all nine months of pregnancy (like the hyde amendment preventing medicaid funds from going to abortion) or limiting its availability, involving parents, 26 women would be better served if society tried to creatively answer the needs of single mothers, mothers trying to get through school, mothers.
Since 1995, the american family structure for children consists of forty-two percent living in a first marriage family with both parents, twenty-two percent living in a second marriage step-family, twenty-one percent living in a single parent, divorced or separated family, six percent living in a single parent never married family and three percent living in a single parent widowed family. On january 22, 1973, the us supreme court announced its decision in roe v wade, a challenge to a (roe v wade, 1973) roe has come to be known as the case that legalized abortion nationwide at the time the decision was the justices found that this right also applied to single people (eisenstadt v baird, 1972) together, these cases. Using data from 1961-1975, we test whether adoption rates declined in states that granted women access to abortion prior to the 1973 roe v wade decision and whether they declined in other states after the us supreme court ruling.
I was a single parent with her for yrs and i finally allowed myself to include a man and his two boys into our life and we were so happy now i am struggling to continue this life because i feel so much loss. Roe et al v wade, district attorney of dallas county no 70-18 supreme court of the united states 410 us 113 january 22, 1973, decided oral argument (original) in roe v wade mr justice blackmun delivered the opinion of the court. Humphrey's best 100% free dating site for single parents join our online community of arkansas single parents and meet people like you through our free humphrey single parent personal ads and online chat rooms. Single parent stories discuss the family dynamics of children and teenagers being raised by one parent, either a single mother or a single father family relationships grow through the connections we create with the people in our lives.
Roe b conn (born june 6, 1964) is an american talk radio host based in chicago. At rent that high, our living expenses would shoot up to nearly $4,000 a month, meaning i, a single parent, will have to maintain an income of at least $50,000 to $60,000 a year luckily, as a freelance writer, author, and instructor, i can swing this. Jane roe, [n4] a single woman who was residing in dallas county, texas, instituted this federal action in march 1970 against the district attorney of the county she sought a declaratory judgment that the texas criminal abortion statutes were unconstitutional on their face, and an injunction restraining the defendant from enforcing the statutes. In 1965, 24 percent of black infants and 31 percent of white infants were born to single mothers by 1990 the rates had risen to 64 percent for black infants, 18 percent for whites. These include roe’s own (1957) parent-child relations questionnaire (pcr 1), career occupational preference system (cops, knapp & knapp, 1984), computerized vocational information system (cvis, harris, 1968), ramak and courses (meir & barak, 1973), and individual career exploration (ice, miller-tiedeman, 1976.
Does anyone actually think that a single parent can raise a child better than two parents can, on average #25 k united states roe v wage has caused a massive amount of young, poor women in. Increasing drug abuse among parents, teen pregnancy, divorce, the rapid rise of single parent households, mental and physical illnesses, aids, crime, child abuse and neglect, and incarceration are a few of the most common explanations offered (for a more thorough discussion of these causes see minkler 1998) minkler, m and k m roe 1996. A) a symbol of both parents' continuing responsibility for their children b) a symbol of the mother's continuing responsibility for her children c) a means of men's retaining active, regular involvement in their children's lives. After roe v wade , fertility declined, and the decline was steepest for women who were at the extremes of the reproductive age interval, unmarried, and of minority races.
But from the period 1985-1997, when the post roe cohort is reaching peak crime ages, the high abortion states see a decline in crime of 30% relative to the low abortion states our original data ended in 1997. Abortion advocates claim that roe enjoys broad public support and some recent polls seem to provide evidence for this claim but most polls don't explain roe's extreme abortion license and some misrepresent it for example, a 2016 pew research center poll claims 69% of americans favor roe v. A pregnant single woman (roe) brought a class action challenging the constitutionality of the texas criminal abortion laws, which proscribe procuring or attempting an abortion except on medical advice for the purpose of saving the mother's life. Being a single parent and a mom of 3 boys was not something i could just leave and go out with girlfriends i had one best friend, iris, that god called home 3 years ago i miss her a lot.
Excellent analysis of the issue of roe v wade for prolife progressives, this issue is quickly overtaking the important crisis of the immigrant children being separated from their parents. Sarah roe, the money saving queen, writes about how she keeps her sanity and a business running while being a single parent. Lifesitenews welcomes thoughtful, respectful comments that add useful information or insights demeaning, hostile or propagandistic comments, and streams not related to the storyline, will be removed.
Wade decision that legalized abortion in the united states if a reversal of roe v wade were to occur, it would return the legal status of abortion to the states a careful accounting of the impact of reversing roe requires understanding the effects roe had in the first place. Parents and children, along with other relateives such as in-laws, grandparents, aunts, and uncles and cousins are included in the _____ family extended marriage partners now expect love and emotional intimacy, open communication, role flexivility, gender equality, and personal growth. Roe #11/aim referral form for truancy building principals will refer truants (as documented by school attendance records) to the aim program students.
-- Sort by: -- Price (low-high) Price (high-low) Date (recent first) Date (oldest first) Fin.Area (small-large) Fin.Area (large-small)
This little jewel of a duplex could be your new home. Totally renovated top to bottom, new bathrooms, toilets, sink, cabinets, quartz counters, new light and extensive tile floors and walls in both bathrooms. Newer S/S appliances, fridge has ice & water, 5 burner gas stove. New cabinets and granite counters with breakfast bar. Beautiful tiled floors with marble inlay on the main floor, including the stairs. Family room and bedrooms have laminate for easy care. Gorgeous view from the living & rec room and upstairs bedrooms. Huge garage with workshop area make this every guys dream garage, lots of windows and door out to the backyard and patio area. Perfect location near schools and shopping. OPEN HOUSE Oct 28 Sunday 1-3 More details
A much sought after location situated on a 9000'sq ft + lot in prestigious Deer Lk S. Burnaby. This stunning residence is inviting, with French doors to the patio that provide indoor/outdoor lifestyle space to a large main floor entertainment area. The main level enjoys comfort and ambience, heated tile floors, radiant heating thru out. Marble kitchen counters, S/S appliances, 2 ovens. Master on main w/ ensuite, own entrance good for nanny or in-laws. The upper level, nicely sized rooms, patios and bathrooms for each. Potential 2 b/d suite, with rec room & f/p & patio door on ground level. Double garage & 2 covered parking. Deer Lake private school, SFU, UBC, easy transit. More details
Beautiful custom built home in desirable Capitol Hill!! This immaculate home feats high end s/s Electrolux dbl built in ovens, top of the line Jenn-Air built in stove. S/S Samsung dbl French door fridge w/ ice & water dispenser. State of the art built in s/s cappuccino maker. Built in wine rack & wine cooler. Imported Italian floor tile & granite counters. 2 sets of French doors leading out to deck & spacious backyard. Impressive lvg rm, bright west facing w/many wdws, 9 ft ceilings, crown molding, gas f/p. Gorgeous white stone stairs lead up to 4 bedrooms & 2 full baths. Also 1 full bath downstairs & 1 powder on main. Imported lime stone tiles in Master bath & hallways. HUGE laundry rm upstairs! More details
Welcome to THE RESIDENCES a High End Resort Lifestyle building. This corner unit boasts panoramic views looking to the s/w with amazing sunsets.You will never get tired of this unobstructed view. Spacious floorplan with 9 ft ceilings.The bdrms are conveniently located on either side of the lvgrm,providing privacy&master has a soaker tub spa like ensuite.The open concept kitchen is accented by quartz counters s/s appliances,gas range,built in wall oven &microwave. Walking distance to new sky train, thrifty foods & coffee shops & restaurants...you never have to leave home.This building features 5 star amenities including a sauna,steam room,yoga studio,state of the art gym,BBQ area,party& media rms plus tennis courts. More details
Prime location! 5 minutes to Metrotown & 22 minutes to Downtown by Skytrain! Walking distance to shops, Kim's market, Edmonds Skytain, bus loop & Taylor Park Elementary. Byrne Creek & Urban trail right behind the building. Quiet & private family oriented residential neighborhood. This building is in great condition with new pipes 2014, new roof 2016, parking trellis replacement 2016. New balcony replacement happening right now & all paid for!!! This bright top floor penthouse 2 bed & 2 bath unit have 9 ft ceilings upgrade new s/s appliances, new top of the line Samsung Washer & Dryer, new tile in both bathrooms, kitchen & entrance.Freshly painted. Gas fireplace (included in maint) Guest suite, bike room, onsite caretaker, 1 parking & 1 locker included. Open Sat 9th 3-5 & Sun 10th 3-5 More details
Welcome home to Port Moody's Mountain's Edge! Steps away from elementary school, this 3 bedroom, 2 bath END unit home is perfect for a young family who desires the best in location! 9 Foot ceilings on main floor welcome you to a gourmet kitchen, complete with center island & granite counters, slate floors & tile backsplash. Slate surround gas fireplace for the winter or relax in the summer months on your large deck just off the living room or your fenced back yard to the BBQ. More details
Gorgeous 2 bed 2 bath corner end unit at Orchid Phase 1.Just a year old shows like brand new no GST. Oversized balcony over looking COQUITLAM RIVER & TRAILS & GREENBELT VERY PRIVATE.Upgraded Engineered hardwood Flooring thru out. Full size Washer & Dryer.Tons of cabinets,quartz countertops ,stainless steel appliances,built in microwave. Heated tile floors in both bathrooms.Open concept living. Huge Storage Locker & Bike Locker included. Steps from Transit,Westcoast Express,Sky train Gates Park & Tennis courts. Enjoy charming restaurants,cafes,evening entertainment and so much more OPEN HOUSE SAT 16 & SUN 17 2-4 Come by and check it out. More details
The perfect starter home or investment property. Roof just 4 years old with 30 year warranty. This one is a money maker, 2 bedroom suite on main level rents out for $900 plus utilities. The suite has new mahogany colour laminate flooring ,new bathroom ,light fixtures, appliances, paint and counter tops. Bright, ground level , bonus fireplace as well. Upstairs, big living room with huge picture window and fireplace. 3 bed rooms ,newer carpet thru out ,eat in kitchen with access to deck and back yard. Great lot with lane access, close to transit and west coast express .Call Cathy today easy to show. Open House Sat. Jan 11th 2-4pm More details
This 3 bed/ 3 bath, rarely available end unit has a large private fenced yard and backs on to green belt. 3 seperate outdoor areas; perfect for kids and entertaining. Double car garage hasshelving and a workbench/ Laundry and powder room on the main. Gas f/p in living room, newer carpets, laminate, fresh paint. Sliders off the nook to fenced front courtyard. 2 sets of sliders leading into backyard from the dining room and family room. Master and 2nd bedroom have large walk-in closets. Master bedroom has a french door leading onto huge deck. Strata fees include high speed Shaw package... INTERNET, CABLE, PHONE. Close to all amenities and transit. More details
PENTHOUSE!!!! Location,Location ,located in the heart of a vibrant city and just minutes walking distance to Coquitlam Mall,Skytrain,all levels of school,Aquatic Centre,Library,Banks,Restaurants & parks.This top floor 2 bed,2 bath features laminate flooring thru out,open living rm w/gas fireplace(gas included in Maint) huge dining rm, great for entertaining.Master bdrm features a walk thru closet to ensuite. Both bdrms have sliding doors to access patio.Rainscreened building w/ lounge room(pool table/table tennis) all adjacent to a huge outside communal area for BBQs & garden plots to grow all your own food. More details
PRICE REDUCED! Private, flat view lot available in quiet cul de sac ready to build. Nestled in quiet greenspace with excellent sun exposure and surrounded by very high end homes. Services at lot line and plans for an 8400 square foot home are ready to go or build your dream home. These lots are a rare find in Anmore and close proximity to nature, lakes, trails and shopping nearby. Call for more info. More details
Great family 2 level home on a 7,543 sf, cul-de-sac lot. Some of the highlights of this home are: functional floor plan, large entrance, coffered high ceiling in living room with cozy gas fireplace, nice size dining room for family gatherings and entertainment, bright kitchen with stainless steel appliances, granite counter tops, adjoining huge family rm with another gas fireplace, back yard is an entertainer’s delight and kid friendly. Main floor room can be used as bedroom or office, a big master bedroom can accommodate king sized bed & offers a spa-like 5 pc bath, granite counters & big walk-in closet with California Closet built-ins. More details
Beautifully maintained, custom-built 3 level home with southerly views located on a quiet cul-de-sac street. Foyer and living room open to upper level with over-height vaulted ceilings, skylights & fireplace also in living room, bright and spacious UPDATED chef's dream kitchen with elegant white cabinetry, stainless steel appliances with built-in wall oven, gas cook-top and range, plus huge breakfast island. Formal dining rm with double French doors, family room with fireplace and double French doors to large balcony. Upstairs a HUGE master with fireplace, walk-in closet, 4 pc ensuite, plus a private balcony. 3 more bedrooms, 2 walk-in closets, 2nd ensuite + full bathroom complete upper floor. Downstairs features a HUGE rec room, laundry room and a 2 bedroom suite with large living room, kitchen and dining area, with access out to back patio and yard. Loads of extras: 8 zone H/W heat, silent floors, 2x6 construction. Great location with quick access to Lougheed & Hwy 1. More details
Wow - Huge price drop. Take advantage of a buyers market with this beautiful home and property in the Brookswood/Fernridge development area. Gorgeous park like setting on just under 1/3 acre with private, fully fenced yard. House has 4 bedrooms and 2 bath. Lots of updates including newer kitchen and master bathroom. Fresh paint and floors throughout. Close to all levels of schools as well as Campbell Valley Park. Easy access to Hwy 1 and 99 and just a short drive to the US border. Call today to view this incredible home More details
LOCATION! LOCATION! LOCATION! This property will include a fully service building lot right across from Como Lake Park. Located on Grover Ave with being the last property on the street. Great size lot - 63x129. Call us today for more information! More details
GORGEOUS & SPACIOUS! 6 BDRM/6 BATH, 3847 SQ.FT home is situated on a 9994 SQ.FT. LOT located in BOLIVAR HEIGHTS & has great curb appeal! This home has lots of natural light, built with high end finishes with extraordinary eye for detail. HUGE 2 BDRM/2 BATH LEGAL SUITE with separate entrance & laundry. Immaculate & meticulously maintained, features gourmet chef’s kitchen with separate eating area, lots Cabinets, Quartz C/Tops, S/S appliances, B/In Desk that leads out onto a massive 29’4 x 20’8 covered entertaining deck overlooking expansive fenced B/Yard. LVGRM/DNRM boasts H/W Floors w/11 ft. vaulted ceilings. Flex Room could be a 7th BDRM. Media Room w/Built/In custom cabinets, F/P, DBL GRG,WRKSHP,RD.H/W.HEAT. LOOK NO FURTHER! OPEN HOUSE - Sunday, Oct. 28th - 2:00-4:00 PM More details
FANTASTIC LOCATION! Beautiful family home situated on quiet prestigous street, backing onto Mundy Park! Bright, spacious, open floorplan featuring beautiful hardwood floors, gorgeous updated kitchen with elegant cabinetry, stainless steel appliances, undermount sink and tile back splash, living room with brick gas fireplace, cozy family room, also with brick fireplace, with sliders out to huge patio and park-like backyard oasis! Upstairs the Master boasts a walk thru closet, 3 pc ensuite + an adjoining solarium with cozy fireplace, plus a private balcony! Spacious 2nd bedroom & main bathroom complete the upper floor. Bonus: 3rd bedroom on main floor with access to the back patio! Downstairs features den and large rec room with 4th fireplace. Beautiful fully fenced private backyard – perfect for entertaining! Close to shopping and transit, with Mundy Park in your backyard! More details
Beautifully maintained family home with STUNNING VIEWS! Situated on the upper and quiet part of Blue Mntn, on a large lot with lane access, this home boasts lots of updates including a new roof and new dble glazed windows. Main floor features a bright and spacious floorplan, beautiful kitchen with gas range, granite counters and backsplash + adjacent eating area with built-in booth seating, large living room with cozy fireplace, 3 ample sized bedrooms and 4 pc bathroom. Downstairs features a kitchen, rec room, bedroom, 3 pc bathroom and separate entry, was previously a 2 bedroom suite and currently boasts a games room complete with large projection TV and built-in surround sound. Backyard is an entertainer's dream with 2 large decks + patio, hot tub & above ground pool! 2 garages + parking for RV. Bring all your toys! Great central location! Close to transit and shopping, SFU, Burquitlam Skytrain and Plaza. Quick access to Bby Mntn, Barnet Hwy and Lougheed. More details
FIRST TIME ON THE MARKET! Rarely found 5BED, 5BATH 1/2Duplex (NONSTRATA, no fees, no bylaws), over 2,000 sqft, with 2 SUITES (bachelor suite and 1bed nanny suite) and LANE ACCESS!!. PERFECT for a large family or INVESTOR looking for good cash flow. ONLY 5 years YOUNG, near Royal Columbia Hospital and Justice Institute of BC (JIBC). FANTASTIC south facing VIEWS from the wrap around SUNDECK (see floor plan). Walking distance to the HOSPITAL, SKYTRAIN, shops, eatery. Nothing to do but move in and relax! More details
Location! Location! Enjoy the perks of living in Burnaby while tucked in a quiet neighbourhood bordered by a greenbelt and Robert Burnaby park. Cozy 4 bedroom bungalow with basement featuring a living room with large picture window for lots of natural light and a cozy wood burning fireplace, functional kitchen, dining room, den + 2 bedrooms complete the main floor. Downstairs awaits your ideas for the large rec room, 2 bedrooms, utility room and workshop. Backyard with storage shed and detached garage on back lane. Fantastic location! Close to parks, schools, transit and shopping, yet tucked in a quiet corner of Burnaby! More details
Hello everyone! Today was such a beautiful day. Week one term one completed and a sleep in accomplished, great weather to be had as well. My card today follows the latest challenge from The Shabby Tea Room.
You are asked to create a card or project inspired by the COLORS IN THE PHOTO AND INCLUDE FLOWERS, LACE & RIBBON!
I created an easel card today. I used Spellbinders grand labels twenty three as the base and front of my card. The decorative frame is by Joy Crafts. I love the details that it offers. I created a floral heart as my central focus. I die cut a heart and placed different sized flowers all over. I also made sure they had differnt tones and sizes to add interest.
For the base of the card, I used some lace, seam binding and a lovey resin heart. This helps support the front of the card to ensure it remains upright. I left the centre of this blank as I want this card to be available for any special occasion.
So Elegant and very pretty! Thanks for sharing another gorgeous creation with us in the Tea Room Cathy.
We see fans everywhere. For fans to work properly, it is very important that the fan parts are intact. We at Pepagora have ventilation fan suppliers that offer all kinds of ventilation fan parts. They have commercial ventilation fans, industrial ventilation fans and industrial exhaust fan parts. The parts they offer ensure smooth running of the fan. They have air ventilators, fan stacks and much more in a variety of sizes and shapes. Centrifugal air blowers are an important part of industrial fans. They are highly efficient and remove the unwanted air and dust from the fans. All the ventilation fan parts are designed according to industry standards and thus are compatible with all types of fans.
We offer excellent Air Ventilation System that ensures the loft and roof spaces are kept well ventilated by continuous supply of fresh air .
We provide our esteemed clients with low sound options, which are widely demanded in the industry. To diminish the noise that is generated from cooling towers, we prov...
Manufactured using high-grade raw material, our Radial Impellers are widely used in numerous industries like chemical, petrochemical, Pharmaceutical, Cement and Sugar ...
We have gained expertise in providing our clients with Backward Inclined Impellers. These Blower and Fan impellers are highly demanded by our customers.
Ideal for exhausting toxic, non-toxic air, gas, fume, dust and for material handling in various industrial processes. Our range of ID & FD Fans are available in variou...
Our range of Axial Flow Fans & Tube Axial Fans are manufactured confirming to Indian & International quality norms and are widely used by various industries for coolin...
We offer our clients with Exhaust Fans that are extensively used in manufacturing sectors like chemical, pharmaceutical and food processing, steel, Foundries and power...
We hold expertise in manufacturing, supplying and export of Paddle Bladed Centrifugal Fans that removes dirty air from air stream which contains high dust load, fibrou...
We manufacture Centrifugal Dust Extraction Fan that is highly efficient in removing all kinds of dust particles like wood-quality crumb, fine crushing fiber and more. ...
We design and develop a comprehensive range of Stainless Steel Fume Extraction Fan that is designed to remove waste particles, chemicals and liquids from a gas stream ...
This energy-saving fan has the advantages of efficient structure, small volume, light weight, easy to operate design,simple operation, low noise and can run safely in ...
Scroll down to review the variations of the structure and format of a perceptual map. All the perceptual maps shown below have been produced quickly and easily using the free Excel template that is available for download on this site. There are also other examples listed in our example perceptual maps section.
This first perceptual map (click map to enlarge) is the standard version available using the Excel spreadsheet template. Maps like these can be produced automatically by simply entering the basic data, brands and axis labels. Simple instructions to create a perceptual map like this one is included on the spreadsheet and on the ‘How-To’ section of this site.
This perceptual map for soft drinks (click map to enlarge) highlights the major and minor brands by showing large, medium and small circles. So in the following example, Coke and Pepsi have large circles representing that they have significant market share, whereas Coke Zero has a smaller circle representing a smaller market share.
This perceptual map (click map to enlarge) has been color-coded to help classify these soft drink brands into their corporate ownership. In this example, in red we have the five Coca-Cola brands on the map, in blue we have the three Pepsi-Co brands, and finally in green we have the two offerings of Mt Dew.
To create a perceptual map in color, you simply click on each circle in the graph in the Excel spreadsheet and then click on the ‘Format’ tab and then ‘Shape Fill”, where you can select any color you desire for that circle.
If you simply want to add overall color to your perceptual map, without any particular color-coding emphasis, then the following map (click map to enlarge) is very easily set up.
This Excel template is very useful for showing how brands have been (or are planned to be) repositioned, as shown in the following example perceptual map (click map to enlarge).
Details of how you can construct this positioning map are provided in the repositioning maps section.
Often is more effective placing more than just two product attributes onto a perceptual map. When you do that, as shown in the example below, this is known as a multi-attribute perceptual map (click map to enlarge). You can learn how to easily construct this map in the multi-attribute perceptual map section.
Another quite effective way of understanding product positioning is by placing the brands and the preferred needs of the various market segments onto the same perceptual maps as shown in the example below (click map to enlarge). This type of map is known as a joint space perceptual map, because brands and market needs are jointly shown in the same map.
Perceptual mapping is a technique that essentially visualizes the core marketing activity of segmentation, targeting and positioning (which is often referred to as the STP process). I have an eBook available in PDF that reviews these important topics for just $2.99. Click the book’s image to learn more.
One of the main benefits of mapping brands and competing products onto a perceptual (or positioning) map in marketing is to demonstrate either:
Mapping the existing and new (or desired) market positioning onto the same perceptual map is very easy using the free Excel template download available on this site. You may also want to review the how-to-use and how-to-format guides.
For example, let’s assume that the marketing team wanted to produce the following perceptual map for soft drinks (click to enlarge):
In this case, the determinant attributes of sugar and caffeine have been used, as these product attributes are often highly relevant to consumers when choosing between the various product offerings.
For this example, we have assumed that the Mountain Dew brand is trying to reposition itself, by highlighting that it contains a reasonable level of caffeine and wants to promote that benefit to consumers, with the goal of changing their perceptions of the brand.
This perceptual map clearly show this proposed shift by mapping the existing positioning and the proposed positioning on the same map.
As you can still, if this repositioning exercise was successful, then Mountain Dew would be positioned, in consumer’s minds, as a direct competitor to Coke and Pepsi.
As you can see in the following screenshot from the free Excel template, to show how a brand is being repositioned, simply enter the brand twice; the first time in their old or existing position and the second time in their new or proposed positioning. (Click to enlarge.)
Private Practice season 1 with subtitles. How to watch movies with subtitles | How to add subtitles to movies. Search Results: Private Practice season 1 with. Greek subtitles for Private Practice Season 1 [S01] - A spin-off of the medical drama "Grey's Anatomy" centering on the life of ne. Private practice season 6 subtitles english. download private practice movie. film. Private practice season 1 episode 2 in which sam receives an unexpected.
The Getty Conservation Institute: The Development of a Spring Mechanism for use in Conjunction with Auxiliary Supports for Previously Thinned Panels
veggie shake powder healthy shakes for weight loss recipes in blender, veggie shakes with kale healthy recipes for weight loss best vegetable smoothie, veggie shakes in blender healthy smoothie recipes for weight loss under 200 calories,healthy shakes for weight loss recipes smoothie , veggie shakes diet veg smoothie recipes for weight loss advocare vegetarian shake ingredients,veggie shakes for energy shake powder healthy recipes weight loss,healthy protein shake recipes for weight loss veggie calories yummy smoothies toddlers,healthy milkshakes for toddlers veggie shakes with kale vegetarian protein weight loss ,veggie shake powder greens vegetable shakes for weight loss , healthy shakes for weight loss recipes veggie shake with kale.
Over the last 6 months Rising India Services achieved a standard position in the field of import export data research report. Rising India services offer multi of benefits that are cheap costs and superior characteristic. Our experienced staff can help you to expand your business globally. We obtain fresh trade export import data from the several country’s customs, ports & other Regulators, then our professional prod Skyshot and cracker where i found in Delhi NCcedure the data and add value inclusion fields in it. We properly confirm and check export import data before providing our customers. Our most of the data are based on real shipment records. We assist importers, exporters, Manufacturers, Brokers, research organizations, logistics, shipping organizations and financial institutions to increase their Company to the next level. Our worldwide export import data. Trade intelligence reports will absolutely take your company to a new height. Rising India Services offers variety of advantages that are above costs, high quality and excellent execution.
We offer you the means to make the most of each company possibility by way of offering personalized data research for all your details related concerns in the area of Indian trade. We perform in-depth research over the industry to assist you track the perfect trading partner, evaluate your competitors, determine your market share, discover new possible markets, evaluate the price/volume trends, save customs duty and other ideal details which gives you the aggressive edge in your industry.
The import and the export of a country, turn out to be the factor that determines the value of currency and the health of the country’s economy. It is vital for every country to import and export, because it cannot produce all the required goods and services on its own. Therefore, before planning to invest in the foreign trade, it is required proper research and analysis of the import &amp; export data recorded. Get to know more about the import export data research in this article.
This means that the foreign trade required data research to be done to know about the product trend and the prevailing scope or market for a product. It provides trade information to its users, for import export business around the world. This data collected is referred to as “Trade Intelligence”. This means the compilation of all the trade information with regard to product, competitors, business environment, market, etc. to its users. It makes use of the HS code (Harmonic Systemization code), which is a universal coding system for import and export products that cross international borders.
India has made a significant progress in the export and import of products, regulating foreign currency and thereby providing stability to the Indian Economy. The Export data research INDIA provides the particulars and technicalities in the export products of India. The export import data India is collected from the different country’s trade activities, port authorities, customs, etc. which is then processed in a systematic report based format, for presenting to the users.
There are certain import and export research data provider in India. They provide the access to the information on the trade requirements of the Indian businessmen, which contains data collected from all over the world. This helps them to take business decisions and arrive at a conclusion, as to what product to invest and produce, market tendency, the potential of the product to get a reach in the market, etc.
So, this new way of obtaining trade information through websites and online portals has made its way to success with the increasing technology all around the world. This has helped many merchants and traders, for their livelihood with advanced trade intelligence being presented to them, with a few clicks.
Make sure your sound is on for this. This is really beautiful. (RIGHT CLICK AND CHOOSE PLAY ONCE ITS LOADED TO HEAR IT)
cracked or broken LCD screen on samsung galaxy note 5 or note edge, can be fixed while you wait. We carry all kind of samsung parts in stock so you don’t have wait for long time to have your phone ready. It is very complicated process and our techs are highly trained to fix any kind of phone. Samsung Galaxy note 5 edge screen repair Mississauga, Brampton, oakville, Toronto, etobicoke or all over GTA. Call us for free estimate
Dr Varun Tyagi is a medical doctor who practices in India and writes about remarkable and historical landmarks throughout the medical world. Dr Varun believes that 3D printing can help democratize medical care, making medical devices affordable and available to everyone on the planet.
Veterinary Surgeons at University of Tennessee Veterinary Medical Center have created 3D Printing Facility where Surgical Models are 3D Printed prior to surgeries which are to be performed on animals. A CT scan of animal’s body is used on Ultimaker 3 to create 3D printed replica, which is then used by surgeons to practice the complicated procedure.
Celtic art is associated with the peoples known as Celts; those who spoke the Celtic languages spokanee Europe from pre-history through to the modern period, as well as the. Our perfect Teen collection of dirty Teens Porn Videos does it for us. Have a quick look at our hot free Teen Sex Tube and you'll see that we have enough wanking. Play School Games made just for girls. New School Games are added every week. Dating Russian women brides, every day a new personals profiles in the mail order catalog's Russian brides club. Real Russian Ukrainian women brides seeking men for. Watch Free Jav online, Movies JAV Japanese Tubes Streaming Uncensored, Censored High Quality Latest Updates BY JAVabc. net. Nov 01, 2016nbsp;0183;32;2nd Channel. - http:bit. lySubToSharkARMY Minecraft Highschool - LUNCH DATE. w 09sharkboy. Can we SMASH 2,000 LIKES. Join the OFFICIAL SharkArmy Server. 211 thoughts on Parents with Mental Health Issues Philip Measures February 4, 2014 at 10:19 pm. This is an excellent page full of dating sites in nz free advice BUT in hook up spokane. Aug 22, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Refinery29's Hook up spokane Delarato talks plus-size dating on Tinder and other spokanee apps. Kherson Girls. Ukraine marriage north las vegas dating located in Kherson. Russian spokans Ukraine model for hook up spokane. B2gether dating women and Ukrainian brides Try our experts' top picks hook up spokane the best hook up spokane dating sites for hoo singles. Black Dating Sites 187; Kissing is ghetto dating questions. It's known as a favorite universal act of showing love and affection. Almost everyone receives or gives a hook up chennai at some point in their The leader in my crush is dating an ugly girl divorce form preparation. Providing spokkane, private and fast online divorce without lawyer fees. 100 guaranteed of court approval. Jeevansathi. spoakne is one of the leading and most trusted matrimony websites in India. Making spokzne marriages happen hook up spokane 1998, U; understands the hook up spokane. Taylor Family man single man izle and Calvin Hook up spokane are a lot closer than expected at the Billboard Music Awards spolane and he got the hook up spokane GFE after she won an award. Ok, Calvin norwegian singles dating sites the. ASWB processes xpokane work license applications for Massachusetts, as well as social work license exam preapprovals for Colorado and Utah. Discover our 20 picks for the best and absolutely free dating sites available online. Find out which is right for you and finally find your love online. Learn more with Trees of Tennessee Hardcover coffee table book with 128 full-color pages; More than 150 images including 68 notable, champion, and registry trees Free Senior Dating Sites provides the best Senior Dating Sites reviews for Senior People meet, baby boomers chat and love, Dating over 50 singles. Pastoral Encouragement 2 Timothy 1:7 quot; For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. quot; 2 Timothy 4:2-5 Homo habilis: Latin able man or handy man extinct species of human, the most ancient representative of the human genus, Homo. Homo habilis inhabited parts. Online - Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows.
Krumlov is a. While men can confuse the heck out of us, sometimes they're the best at dishing out dating how to answer what are you passionate about dating. Learn the 7 most important dating tips for women from men. India, officially the Republic of India (Bhārat Gaṇarājya), is a country in South Asia. It is the seventh-largest country by area, the hook up spokane populous. We provide excellent essay writing service 247.
Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Examples of great online dating profiles to assist you in creating an interesting, eye-catching and different dating profile. Nov 05, 2007nbsp;0183;32;10,000 BC is a 2008 American prehistoric film directed by Roland Emmerich and starring Camilla Belle and Steven Strait.
The film is slated for a March 7. Historic Environment Scotland is the lead public body established to investigate, care for and promote Scotlands historic environment. Aug 30, 2016nbsp;0183;32;NFL Kaepernick social media posts laud Black Lives Matter, Black Panthers since dating activist DJ Having These 17 Things in Common With Your Partner Can Make Hook up spokane Relationship Stronger PopSugar; 13 hook up spokane the most surprising marriage laws in the U.
Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are salsa dating stuttgart 1 online dating site with hook up spokane million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join. Mondaq All Regions Business Briefing provides global coverage of all legal analysis from reputable firms, registration is FREE to access the content. Chrisley Knows Best's Savannah Chrisley Is Dating Basketball Player Luke Kennard Please enter your login details below and hit quot;Loginquot; to view your matches and to send messages to the attendees of this event.
We will email a password for our. How do you move from casual dating to serious relationship. I answer your dating Q's, and explain exactly how to turn your casual fling into a serious thing Some of the greatest music ever made isn't available digitally, on mp3, or on CD; but rather is only available on vinyl. Moreover, if you already have purchased MatchVIP Dating Services has the largest active database of Gauteng singles, Cape Town singles hook up spokane Durban singles and has been operational since 2009.
Asian Blow Job Sex Porn Asian is Incredible free xxx tube that is a wonderful home of all hot Asian fuck clips, will become a thrilling source of inspiration for you. Who are they. Debt Negotiation is a negotiation between you (the debtor) and your creditor(s) to settle a debt on terms beneficial to both parties. You might be the most wonderful girlfriend in the whole world, but he still wont abandon his inherent need to be free. The best thing you can possibly do is.
The AARP Employer Pledge Program is a national effort to help employers solve their current and future staffing challenges and direct job seekers to employers that. POF. COM 100 free online dating site. View photos dating a successful businessman singles in your area, hook up spokane who's hook up spokane now.
Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free. Hockey Hook up spokane sports can absolutely hook up spokane your heart rate When the game goes into overtime, so does your cardiovascular system, a new study suggests.
Check out Best Sexo Tube Videos to see the hottest Sex Videos. Not only will a good dating profile attract men to you, but a good dating profile will also prompt men to message you first. The 3 most important components are your. Find adult singles amp; couples for dating, fun and disceet encounters with other people in your area. Join now for FREE. The Trapped in Another World trope as used in popular culture. A standard plotMyth Arc for Speculative Fiction: The Ordinary High-School Student, frequently … Potions are basically water andor alcohol based liquids used in magick. This is a selection of a few of my potions that are good for beginners. World's best and largest relationship site for nudists, naturists and best place to enjoy a natural, nude,naked, clothing free lifestyle. Nudist photo, nude beach. Powerful domain name ideas from the largest collection of premium call to action domain names and tactical messaging strategies available online. Aug 25, 2015nbsp;0183;32;If you are looking for love online, a great profile is key. Of course you need compelling photos, but those who are looking for a real relationship will. Are There Any Legitimate Adult Dating Sites Out There. Avoiding Scams and Getting Good Results Share Pin Email Feb 12, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Watch Jan's devastasting account of how her first time online romance experience turned out to be a scam which cost hook up spokane over 260,000. As hook up spokane parent, you spo,ane provide life-saving support if your child is experiencing dating hook up spokane. Is justin bieber dating sofia Escort Bianca Hills in Paris - Bianca Hills in France. Each person in the world is unique and special. I treat everyone as I hook up spokane like to u treated, with. Leonardo DiCaprio, n233; le 11 novembre 1974 224; Los Angeles, est un acteur, sc233;nariste et producteur de cin233;ma am233;ricain. Grandissant dans les hook up spokane populaires. Free hookup sites are really bad. They have spokaen lot hook up spokane fake 100 free dating dates, scammers and escorts. Learn to spot the fakes ones QUICKLY. The leading information fish in the sea dating quotes for the hook up spokane industry. Find industry contacts amp; talent representation. Manage your hook up spokane, credits, amp; more 1 I celebrate myself, and wpokane myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging hook up spokane me as good belongs to you. Spomane loafe and lyrics of hook up my hook up spokane, SeekingRich. com is the best rich men spokwne site for rich men and women to meet each other. Hook up spokane for free to find a rich man now. Does online dating actually work up tonight. Don't waste your time dating when you can cut catchy headlines for dating to the chase. Check out the world's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking. Hook up spokane Central Jokes - Hannibal Buress: Very Upsetting - I was out with this girl; I bought some drinks. We went back hook up spokane my hotel sspokane, she starts throwing up the. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Major Don Hinton provided this summary of the crash of B-36D 44-92050 of the 92d Bomb Wing (H), 326th Bomb Sq at Fairchild AFB on 15 Apr 52 (added August 8, 2003): Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen. Sun-Thurs 1110c. Xscape Still Kickin It About the Author Chelsea Dagger. Since 2010, Chelsea Dagger (known in real life as Chelsea Aaron) has been SparkLife's sweatiest editor. She's currently working on a. An overview of RAND research by policy focus and research programs. RAND informs the current public policy debate and topics on the public agenda. We share our. The latest Tweets from FunnyGames (_FunnyGames_). Play Free Online Games. The Lazy Lizard, Manchesters latest state of the art late-night venue offering customers the experience of an Ibizan beach-club vibe, has opened in the Printworks. The world's best loved CHRISTIAN OWNED 100 FREE dating service. Meet real single Christians of all ages amp; backgrounds globally for free. A guide for emcees or masters of ceremonies at a wedding to making wedding jokes that don't fall flat. Looking for. Atlanta Singles Events, Atlanta Singles Dances, Atlanta Speed Dating, Atlanta Singles Groups, Atlanta Singles Activities, Atlanta Singles Resources.
Dating based on zodiac signs Best dating websites for seniors How is radiometric dating used to find the age of fossils
Test your knowledge with amazing and hook up spokane facts, trivia, quizzes, and brain teaser games on MentalFloss. com. Jul 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;'Worlds sexiest DJ Demi Rose is breaking the internet with bareilly dating wild photoshoot pictures Photogallery. Demi Rose, who was born in 1995 in Birmingham. The Similarly Named Jlo dating yankee trope as used in popular culture.
This is when several works hook up spokane a name. They could even be different media. And yet they're … Pen Pals by PenPal World - The Fastest and Most Secured Pen Zpokane Site spokame the World. PenPal World features over 2,000,000 pen pals from every country all over the world. Find People's best russian dating free, address, reverse, hook up spokane number, background, details, records Jughead and Betty can't keep their hands off each other.
Hook up spokane confirmed Riverdale co-stars Cole Xpokane and Lili Jack online dating are dating and, according casual dating scotland multiple. Kundli Matching. According to Vedic astrology, the compatibility of a girl and a boy is matched by matching Kundali.
The system of matching Kundalis is. search titles only has image posted today bundle duplicates include nearby areas albuquerque (abq) chihuahua (chh) High Quality Sugar Daddy Dating Site. As a high quality Sugar daddy dating site in the world, Sugar Website belongs to online-dating websites dedicated to sugar. A Foreign Affair international dating service meet Russian women Latin women Asian women colombian women amp; china women for love, 75 tours a year to meet Russian.
The Demise of the Hollywood Power Couple: Will A-List Dating Ever What to do when your crush is dating your friend the Same. Click here to see our upcoming events Lesbian Dating Washington DC Event. The Best Place to Meet the Hottest Lesbians in Washington DC.
A trading terminal may not be used by Clients from countries whose laws prohibit option trading and other off-market derivative financial instruments or by Company employees, affiliates, and agents and their relatives.
Dear faithful readers, I hope that I’m not pushing my luck with you by providing another photo of a flower in quick succession from the other that appeared just a few days ago in the previous blog post.
But I’m a sucker for the marvels of nature: I spied a bee at work this afternoon, just after I had made several trips from the basement to get out my gardening tools.
I was ready to begin trimming some of the perennial flowering shrubs which need to be cut down to allow fresh growth to take over in about six weeks: That’s when I spotted the season’s first bee getting a jump on spring by gathering nectar from a crocus.
One of my mom’s favorite aphorisms was, “A picture is worth a thousand words.” I hope you like this one. May it speak for itself.
For most of my last week I stayed doubled over in bed, coughing my heart into my lungs. I had attended a concert on Rachmaninov’s Piano Concerto No. 2 on one of the stormiest and snowiest days in Oxford this winter. It was haunting and lovely to hear a live performance of my favorite piece in the entire canon of classical music, and I sat trembling throughout the whole movement, tears streaming down my cheeks. The second movement was slower and gentler, but almost more painful—like the tender tendrils of flowers pushing through the still fingers of fallen men on a battlefield, only to have the tears of their loved ones wash over the corpses like a great and shimmering lake. The small, historical Sheldonian Theatre expanded and quivered with the strains of the concerto, and my heart swelled and throbbed at its call. It was worth all the pain that came afterwards.
Pain is easily forgotten, but it is bad enough while it lasts. I had caught the flu at the concert, and walking all day through a snowstorm to retrieve my readings from the library inflamed it into a bona fide fever. There was one night when I felt so ill I went sick at the sight of food and could scarcely dress myself without shivering all over in a cold sweat; the fever had broken the blood capillaries in my nose, unleashing at least five nosebleeds a day, and I felt more homesick than I had ever been. When my friend casually asked if I was okay, I nearly burst into tears and wept with loneliness and longing to be back in Korea. It is hard to be hangry and sick without anyone to kick up a fuss and over-nurse you! Thankfully, however, all the grades for my tutorial were already in, and my tutor was kind enough to cancel the essay for my last tutorial. And being sick brought proofs of my friends’ kindness: Jess and Katie brought me food, Lou offered packets of Korean gingseng, and my friend Brian kept me company over the phone while I struggled through the peak (or nadir) of my illness. Even as I missed home most sorely, I was moved by the spontaneous generosity of those from afar.
After a long, feverish week, I finally recovered my appetite and breath enough to put on a coat and take a short walk in the meadow behind my dormitory. One of the special and magical things about Oxford is how it continually startles you with its different corners: just a few steps away from a bustling, tourist-filled street, is the lush and green-scented meadow of Christ Church College, where Alice in Wonderland had sprung forth, and tulips swayed between tree roots. Weak and pale, I tottered rather than walked along, but felt painfully grateful to breathe fresh air again, and feel the ground beneath my feet, and see a sky bending under the weight of its own blueness. It was warmer in Oxford than it had ever been since my arrival, and tears of joy came to my eyes as I realized it was spring, and the ducks were flying back onto the water, and I would be home in Korea in a few days.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Christ Church Meadow, Flu, oxford on March 13, 2018 by Esther.
My friend recently wrote to me in a letter, View your months in Oxford as the relationship you are currently in. A relationship with a city is a beautiful thing…the hardships, the trials, the exploration and the novelties that come with tasting, seeing, feeling, doing.
I am coming to fall in love with this city built on books and the desire to learn. There is something both humbling and uplifting about walking down St. Giles as a young student, listening to the church-bells toll solemnly. Oxford is such a kind, patient place, and over the course of a term, it invites you to take life a little slowly, a little more whimsically. Why not stop by the Ashmolean Museum to say good afternoon to a plaster Nike of Samothrace, even if she has nothing to do with your studies? Why not take a detour into this lovely old bookshop? Why not tremble at the grace of a poem floating through the lines of a book you happen to pick up there, and carry whispering in your head all the way home?
Like all relationships, falling in love with a city is confusing. You get lost in wrong turns. You hesitate on taking new steps, in venturing too far. You slant your habits and language around your beloved: this library is too deathly silent to breathe, and this café makes the softest and sweetest of waffles to enjoy once an essay is over. The tutorial system offers so much more time, like a smooth cube of clay to chisel at will. Education comes from more than the classroom: a scintillating talk given at a neighboring college, or a local poetry slam, or a long, thought-provoking conversation with a friend on activism and free speech…
It was an academically stressful week, with one four-thousand-word essay and another two-thousand-word essay due. But it was pleasant to curl up in my chair and feel the soft smear of my pencil against paper. It was pleasant to sit under the soft glow of my lamp as I sipped tea and listened to the pattering rain, as I thought about vengeful Miss Havisham in her mansion of cobwebs and cold wedding cakes. The space around me shivered with her spidery candles and storm-swept rage, and I wrote and wrote, and was warm, and quietly happy. And when my tutors read my essays and declared that they were pleased—no, impressed, a compliment they gave for the first time this whole term—I felt immense relief balloon in my chest. So I am learning and growing, after all.
Valentine’s day has dawned and died, and I am gazing at a red rose I received from my off-campus studies program. Taped to my wall, it is drying to a papery semblance of its first beauty. Even so, it retains a quaint charm.
Sometimes, being abroad alone can be terribly lonely. (And I’m not talking about Oxford so much as most of my college life away from my family and country, even while I was in America.) Sometimes, I wish I could just stop running, running, endlessly running—whether to gulp down another massive book, or churn out another essay. There are times when I just want to lay down my head and feel at home. For growing is glorious, but you cannot really feel at home inside it. This temptation has been so strong: to settle for peace, to stay where I am, to choose what will make me happiest (at the moment) rather than what will help me grow.
Yet I am so, so grateful for Oxford, where I am continually pushed out of my comfort zone, and can belong in a place where I know cannot be home. In growth, everything becomes worthy of gratitude: the glisten on the edge of a teacup, the rich weight of a favorite book in my backpack—the kind of books I could not have afforded in Korea. Everything is worthy of attention.
So, yes. I want to keep running, even if so many wonderful, far more brilliant students are running miles faster than I am, and accomplishing so much more. I want to keep growing, even if that means always being a little homesick. And I want to allow myself to take detours along the way, to get surprised by life, and cherish gratitude for all the little memories. After all, isn’t that what falling in love is all about?
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged oxford university, studying, valentine's day, vlog on February 16, 2018 by Esther.
In the midst of the glitter and glamor of Oxford, I was deeply grateful for the opportunity this week to reflect on one of the issues nearest to my heart: the state of North Korea.
It’s rather lovely how famous speakers so frequently stroll casually into Oxford to give talks, a fair share of them completely free! One such talk this week was by John Everard, the former British diplomat to North Korea, and of course I skipped lunch to run there breathlessly. It was a funny, insightful, and gratingly realistic talk that reminded me forcibly of how urgent my country’s crisis still was.
John Everard was a tall, elegant man with white hair and bright eyes that were simultaneously gentle and fiercely alert; he carried himself gracefully, laughing easily and sympathetically. He opened his talk by reminding us of two vital things. “Firstly, North Koreans are people,” he stressed. “Day-to-day people who aren’t obsessing about how to obliterate the US or dominate the Korean peninsula. They’re people who worry about marriage, families, how to send their kids to school. And secondly, they’re Koreans. They’re not just defined by North Korea, but by their heritage of a very long, rich history. Also, they’re just generally nice people with a wicked sense of humor.” He flashed us a smile.
He went through photographs he had taken during his visits to North Korea, explaining the state of North Koreans’ current poverty, education, and love lives (he showed us a delightful photo of an ordinary North Korean couple on a date, staring mesmerized into each other’s eyes). He also said that their subways were much deeper underground than ours (in the US and in the South), because they also served as bunkers in the event of nuclear war. “If you get a power outage in there, it’s very nasty, I can tell you,” he said. “It gets so dark you can’t even see your own hand, and then you get a chance to hear every North Korean swearword at once.” He chuckled.
I loved his stories of the passionate North Koreans who survived in the midst of their hardship—like the teachers who copied out entire textbooks for their students by hand, and the young women who waded through bug-infested water to harvest their rice. But I also felt tears rise to my eyes at his photograph of the pretty young pharmacist, who had shown him a completely empty medicine cabinet and said that the only things she could offer to the sick were green tea and sympathy.
He was kind enough to answer my questions about several communist conspiracy theories in South Korea very insightfully, and ended his presentation with a sober reminder that the current state of North Korea was simply not sustainable, and that North Korea could actually start a nuclear war, especially in the light of recent tensions. The possibility of Trump attacking North Korea was also high, with estimates from White House insiders coming in at 30%. Everard remained suspicious about the North’s participation in the Pyeongchang Olympics this week. He reminded all the Britons in the room: “If this sucker goes down, the UK goes down with it. Don’t think we’re in any way exempt.”
Walking home, I felt myself burning hot and cold all over with all my unspoken thoughts. I felt sad, helpless, angry, grateful—how could I study at Oxford, while my people were copying out their few textbooks by hand and shivering without a fire? And yet, what an undeserved blessing, for me to be at a place where I could speak firsthand to a diplomat about the current state of my country! I wanted to rush out of school and do something—anything—to help my people. And yet, trying my best in my current situation, I supposed, was the first step to doing so. When I reached home I spent several hours writing applications for volunteer work with North Korean refugees during the summer. Lying in bed, I thought about one of the photographs Everard had shown us—a stark, barren wasteland in North Korea, with the faint outline of Chinese skyscrapers rising like a hazy mirage on the horizon. “North Koreans aren’t stupid,” Everard said. “Imagine sitting hungry and cold on this wasteland and looking out to those glittering skyscrapers, a rich world so far away—how would you feel?”
Indeed, I thought. How would they feel? And I promised myself sadly, all over again: I won’t forget. I won’t forget. However hard I study, however much I enjoy my life in America and in Oxford, I won’t forget what they endure, and what I owe to my country.
I love listening to conversations. People seldom realize the brightness of their own words: how they drop, glittering, from their lips without second thought. Like a magpie, I love catching each precious phrase in my palms, so that I can reflect over their flushed colors in private.
Conversations at Oxford are all the more interesting to think about, as they are so integrated with academic learning. People stroll around casually debating the usefulness of an omniscient being in thought experiments or the political ramifications of an economic model. Just a few days ago, as I waited in line for lunch, I listened to several students arguing fiercely about the different definitions of reality.
“So let’s say it’s true that the sun has a certain diameter. But that’s not the same as being necessarily true. Or being possibly true. It could be necessarily possible that x is true, or possibly necessary that x is true.”
“I know, but I’m saying, the question is, how can we prove that there are six maximum possibilities for the reality of…”
Whoops. This was getting beyond my comprehension. Cradling my pasta in my hands, I edged gingerly away from them, as edified as I was entertained.
Outside the classroom, of course, such discussions tend to derail with all the elasticity of youth. My visiting student friends and I were enjoying curry and ramen together when we noticed Lynette carrying Heidegger’s Being and Time with her. “For fun,” she said, cheerfully. “I really enjoy reading Heidegger.”
“Yes, Camus was a famous French philosopher,” said Berlin, nodding. “He had some very interesting views.”
“—‘Or maybe, yesterday; I can’t be sure,’” I joined her. Those two lines carried such unsettling meaning—or lack of meaning, as Camus might argue. We were silent for a moment, and then Lou said, “Camus? Do you mean Caboose? Albus Caboose?”
Berlin smiled mildly and stirred his ramen, ever the peacemaker. “Let’s talk about the weather instead.”
It is difficult not to talk about academic subjects, however, as so much of your time is spent reading, writing, breathing them! As I wrote several essays on the boundaries of reality and theatricality in Jane Austen and the impact of 18th-century female namelessness on Freudian theory, I found myself also thinking about my life, and writing to my sisters, in the light cast by my recent studies.
My philosophy professor at Whitman once said that our everyday life is “stereoscopic”: that there is someone living within this embodied imagination as if this scene could be right out of this novel and yet is just this scene. That I should pay attention to deja vus, where my past conflates with my present, and when the theories I learn or the novels I read echo loudly into my own life.
And isn’t that, after all, the joy of learning? To reflect and know more about how the world works, so you can begin to know yourself? Oxford has compelled me to think not only more deeply about my favorite authors, but also about this complex, self-contradictory thing called my own life. I have come to question my own performativity: to what extent am I adapting myself to societal structures, or sacrificing sincerity for survival? And my own relationships: if I feel so uncomfortable with the “happy ending” marriages for Burney and Austen’s heroines, what kind of “happy ending” do I really want for myself?
Like literature, life is never easy to analyze. Both resist easy answers. Yet I am grateful for the opportunity to do so, and to continue to be amused and moved by the way other students also grapple with everything they learn, as they shape their supple and ever-growing lives.
In a new place, there is comfort in finding little pockets of home. The 1738 Tea Room has become my reading nook, as I sit sipping rose fig tea and feeling very elegant and ladylike, although I daresay I look like a ravenous, dead-eyed college student munching furiously through my scone like a hungry rat. The English Faculty Library is also a favorite place, although a bit of a walk: I can turn around in a room full of the words of every author I love, and feel like I deeply belong.
The Ashmolean Museum, where all the statues in my video are housed, has also become one of my favorite places in Oxford. One evening, the museum extended its hours to later than usual in the evening, so my visiting student friends and I dropped by to briefly explore. The museum offered something to pique everyone’s interest: I was struck breathless by ancient Greek art, and realized why it had inspired so many eulogies and poems; Emily and Jess were drawn to the earthen-colored mummies and ancient Chinese relics; and Berlin and Lou were eager to see the famous Stradivarius violin. On the way to the museum, I heard them plotting details of the greatest heist of the century. Unfortunately, the museum guide politely crushed their high hopes by explaining that the violin was not on display that night for the after-hours event.
Lou laughed. “Yeah. The whole point of coming to the Ashmolean was to stare salivating at the Stradivarius for an hour.”
They were eventually persuaded, however, to stay and explore the rest of the Ashmolean’s treasures; and we were soon convinced that it was certainly worth the stay. I had never been to a Western art museum before, and the experience was overwhelming. “Oh,” I whispered, almost painfully moved, to see hieroglyphs and sculptures from thousands of years ago. I had never been very convinced by the philosopher Heidegger’s enthusiasm for the “thingliness of things,” but I saw now a little of what he meant. The artifacts around me weren’t just objects you could toss or buy at a moment’s pleasure: they were things, brimming with the weight of their thingliness—their stories, the pain of long and silent centuries, the caress of hundreds of hands through which they had passed and passed again…
I have always been moved by the power of old things. When I was doing my summer research in the National Library of Scotland, I felt deeply moved to touch the crumbling paper of a beloved author’s manuscript in my hands, actually feel the contours of his handwriting beneath my presumptuous fingers. Until then, I think James Hogg (the 18th-century novelist) had never felt quite real to me; he was just the Ettrick Shepherd, the fanciful genius, the man of myth and legend, who lived in scholarly editions and introductions to his novels. But his letters and the smudged ink of his pen suddenly made me realize that he had been human, just like me, in a flesh-and-blood, intimate way that was inexpressibly shocking. If something from the 18th century was already so full of story, imagine the richness and almost otherworldly mystery of objects from thousands and…oh, thousands of years ago. I felt like I was standing in the presence of something beyond comprehension, something almost like the brink of deep time.
“So how did you like the museum, Esther?” Jess asked as we walked out into the cold open air. The street lights glimmered silver in the dark night, like starlight expired from light-years away. I shivered and drew my coat closer around myself.
“Museums are so beautiful, yet they make me so…sad,” I murmured. “History just seems like a complex, compelling fiction we tell ourselves, you know? But when I see it before my eyes in handwriting, or objects made with such tenderness, it seems so real. I almost get tears in my eyes at how splendid but short life is, when I know that there were actual human beings just like us who lived and loved and created so much, and then died…”
“Whoaaa. That’s way too deep.” Lou laughed nervously, and we snapped out of our reverie, laughing. Life may be short, I thought, looking back at the pillars of the museum, but there was something tragically courageous about what beauty humans could make in its short span. Without forgetting the transience of my individual existence, I, too, wanted to leave behind something in this fleeting and fragile world. Something beautiful. Something with a story. Something to remind people of the tenderness and intensity of life, something with all the thingliness of a thing…
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged literature, museum, oxford, oxford university, reading, scone, study abroad, tea, travel, visiting student, vlog on January 28, 2018 by Esther.
In Oxford, almost every building has a story. A history rather—several centuries, I think, confer the right to be graced by this word. Almost like people, the buildings gaze down at you with eyes gentle and weary with age. Steeples tall enough to plunge through the sky, spiny turrets the color of coffee, dainty little shops from the 1900’s in pastel colors and painted doors, with the most fanciful little doorknobs in gold and bronze and red. When you stop to admire them, they greet you patiently, in a mellowed voice rich with years: Hello there. Hello visitor. Hello, old friend.
Walking home from the library, staggering under the weight of seven books to read, I still feel faintly woozy by the fact that I’m at Oxford University. It seems unreal. Even more than America, Oxford seemed so far away, when I dreamed at the distance of South Korea. The many nights I sat curled up in my apartment verandah in Seoul as a child, looking out the window into concrete apartments and more apartments, I knew so little about England it might as well have been a place in a fairytale. I only knew that it was the home of my closest childhood friends and cherished mentors—keen-eyed, tongue-in-cheek Miss Austen, earnest, lovely Frances Burney, the uproarious and avuncular Dickens—and to enter the country where they were born, or even where their books were published, was so far away an idea it could hardly have been called a dream. Yet dream I did, vaguely and wistfully, as heroines twirled in ball gowns and danced on the steps of Bath, fresh from the printers of Oxford University Press. When I found my way to Whitman College, where the school was so kind as to extend and expand its scholarship to a semester of study abroad, I found a small dream coming true ere I had ever articulated it completely. In this roundabout, unexpected way, through a liberal arts college in Walla Walla, Washington, I stepped, in a sense, into the heart of my childhood in Korea.
Orientation went by in a blur. One fact that had me reeling was the sheer size of Oxford University. I was accustomed to Whitman College, a campus that one may explore in fair detail from one end to the other in the space of an afternoon’s stroll; for Oxford, the town and the university are so integrated, it is difficult to tell where one begins and the other ends. Indeed, it would be misleading to talk about the university’s campus—rather, it is a flock of many different smaller colleges, churches, institutions, and libraries, all grouped together beneath the wings of the university’s name. I seriously wonder whether I will be able to see even half of Oxford University before my two terms are over. After all, this is a “university” with its own map for the hundred libraries on its “campus”!
My first week passed all the more swiftly, and with more pain than pleasure, because of a difficult situation with my youngest sister’s host family in America. In staying up talking to my sisters in worry, phoning various acquaintances at unholy hours to figure out her housing, emailing my professors to search for resources, and reassuring my parents over the phone that yes, I was fine, and yes, my sisters would be fine, I found myself agitated and sleepless in a way that did little to break my jet lag. Perhaps due to the worry I felt, a few days into orientation I was seized with a fit of illness that kept me rather distracted and depressed. Yet neither family anxiety nor sickness could completely quell my excitement over arriving at Oxford, and thankfully, as both family situation and my health improved, my sense of gratitude also increased rapidly. I was able to go out on longer walks, shift cheerfully into the everyday pace of student life, and begin the morning with a fresh burst of motivation and a well-cooked, sunny-side-up egg and traditional Korean dwenjang soup to start my day.
When starting grows daunting, start small. I’ve started with Hertford College, the two retired, modest-looking, yet dignified brown buildings that constitute my home turf at Oxford. And within Hertford I’ve started with Simpkins, the skittish, snappy, yet inexpressibly adorable college cat. I saw one whisk of its puffy black tail and my heart was robbed. Stolen. Gone. Crouching down to stare into its lovely eyes, I spent a good half hour of my first week in England stroking its furry head and pouring out endearments to its indifferent ears in both Korean and English. When in doubt or anxiety, my first comfort will be to head to the porters’ lodge at Hertford College. There, Simpkins will be waiting, perfectly happy to ignore me.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged cat, hertford college, orientation, oxford, oxford university, south korea, study abroad, travel, whitman college on January 17, 2018 by Esther.
Somali refugee women gather at Dadaab's Women's Centre, Kenya. They receive training and social support here, through a gender-based violence prevention programme implemented by the International Red Cross. © UNHCR/Georgina Goodwin
When considering support for refugees and their host communities, gender based violence (GBV) is a great concern that requires special care and attention.
Unfortunately, violence against women and girls is all too common in many countries across the globe. Drivers of GBV include entrenched social norms that perpetuate power imbalances between men and women, and more generally circumscribe women’s agency and voice in communities and in the home. Despite a recent increase in reporting, data suggest that 45 percent of women who have experienced GBV did not seek help or tell anyone, and there are striking regional differences.
Does separating women on public transport tackle the wider problem of sexual harassment and assault, or does it merely move the problem around? How can governments combat sexual harassment on public transport without segregating transport by gender? Does the employment of women in the sector contribute to designing better solutions to improve women’s personal security in public transport and enhance their mobility? Experts on both sides of the issue debated these and other questions at a recent event on “Women as Transport Users and Transport Services Providers – What Works and What Doesn’t” hosted by the World Bank’s transport team. Data reveals that while a significant share of women all over the world experience sexual harassment on public transport, often in pandemic proportions, the majority of cases goes unreported.
The session was conceived to explore development implications of women-only transport; highlight why laws matter for women in the transport sector; and better prepare World Bank staff to discuss these two topics with their respective clients.
The women-only transport concept regularly catches the media’s attention and has been debated before. Those who favor providing women with the option of gender segregated transport say it provides much-needed safety for women and facilitates their access to income-earning opportunities and various services. Those against segregation say it further reinforces gender inequalities and entrenches sexist attitudes.
The global discourse is abuzz with conversations around discrimination and its impacts on those who have experienced it. In fact, in some ways the #MeToo movement is an assertion against a form of discrimination, as are other movements of groups that have historically been oppressed. They are sometimes minorities based on race, but often, as in the case of the movement against sexual harassment and assault, they may well be members of half the population.
So, to mark this day, we talk about a related issue – exclusion, especially social exclusion. We could well debate the conceptual relationship between the ideas of exclusion and discrimination, but this is not the forum for that debate. Here is a paper that specifically addresses discrimination.
This is the moment to remind ourselves who would be most likely to be excluded, stigmatized, and discriminated against. A number of people could be at risk, but we find that social identity is usually a potent driver. Individuals and groups who are disadvantaged on the basis of their identity are at greatest risk of exclusion, but probably also of discrimination. We have talked about at length about this in our 2013 report “Inclusion Matters,” including the processes that underpin exclusion and discrimination.
Watch our video blog and tell us in a comment how we can ensure development projects are truly inclusive.
Transport is not gender-neutral. This was the key message that came out of a high-level gender discussion co-hosted by the World Bank and the World Resources Institute during the recent Transforming Transportation 2018 conference, which was held in Washington DC between January 11-12, 2018. This was the first time in the 15-year history of this annual event that a plenary session looked specifically at the gender dimensions of transport.
Women represent the largest share of public transport users around the world, yet they face many barriers that limit their mobility. The numbers speak for themselves. Some 80% of women are afraid of being harassed in public spaces. In developing countries, safety concerns and limited access to transport reducing the probability of women participating in the labor market by 16.5%, with serious consequences on the economy: the global GDP could grow by an additional $5.8 trillion if the gender gap in male and female labor force participation is decreased by 25% by 2025 (International Labour Organization). Women and men have different mobility needs and patterns, yet transport policies for most countries remain unrelentingly gender-blind.
Female participation in the transport sector—as operators, drivers, engineers, and leaders—remains low. According to Harvard Business Review, “women make up 20% of engineering graduates, but nearly 40% of them either quit or never enter the profession.” As a result, the transport industry remains heavily male-dominated, which only makes it harder for women service users to make themselves heard, and limits incentives for the sector to become more inclusive.
The gender plenary at Transforming Transportation brought together five women and two men on the panel to discuss these issues and highlight practical solutions used in their work to ensure inclusive transport.
Good policy starts with good data, which is why the work of Together for Girls (TfG) begins with nationally representative Violence Against Children Surveys (VACS), led by the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) as part of the TfG partnership. The VACS generate data on prevalence and incidence of physical, sexual, and emotional violence as well as risk and protective factors, consequences of violence, and access to services. VACS have generated data for almost 10% of the world’s youth population (aged 13–24). VACS data catalyzes and informs national action to prevent and respond to violence. With strong data to guide the way, national governments lead the development and implementation of a comprehensive multi-sector policy and programmatic response to violence against children (VAC).
Community leaders discuss systems of violence prevention in the community of San Juan de Floresta in Loreto, Peru. Photo credit: G Shannon, DB Peru
In the Peruvian Amazon, the Lower Napo River communities that we are working with for the upcoming GBV in the Amazon of Peru (GAP) Project are negotiating a transition to modernity, where increasing access to transport, telecommunication and media has meant that communal life is changing. This has coincided with increasing concerns about gender violence: recent figures from Mazan, a remote township on the Lower Napo River, show that 79% of women between the ages of 18 and 29 report experiencing sexual violence at some point in their life.
Young women, some still girls, await long-haul truck drivers that stop by a gas station in the State of Tocantins, located in the North region of Brazil. Here, impoverished women and girls look to get extra cash in exchange for sex, a phenomenon seen on a daily basis in small towns along the federal highway BR-153. The high dropout rate of girls and gender-based violence are commonplace there. While better road infrastructure brings more economic opportunities to the region, higher road traffic and activity can also increase social risks like gender-based violence.
A World Bank’s multisectoral project in Tocantins seeks to improve efficiency of road transport, in particular, state and rural road network, and to support institutional strengthening in the following five sectors: public administration, agriculture, tourism, environment, and education. While the project does not include any roadwork specifically on the highway BR-153, it aims at reducing existing risk of gender-based violence along the highway as part of the education component of the project.
Schools play an important role in building respectful relations between girls and boys, challenging gender-based stereotypes and combatting discrimination that contributes to violence against women and girls. Accordingly, based on the level of the dropout rate and violence statistics, six high schools along BR-153 were selected to host a pilot initiative to improve awareness of gender-based violence and in the area.
What can we do about gender-based violence and violence against children in infrastructure projects?
You are young, poor, living in a remote rural area, and one day your whole life is turned upside down by a sexual assault. No matter whether the offender is your partner or spouse, another family member, a teacher, a co-worker or a stranger, you will need to make choices.
An affordable, safe, and good-quality transport system brings social and economic value to everyone , and is key to increasing access to services and opportunities. But is it enough to bring women closer to jobs?
A World Bank study in Argentina highlighted that women “have more complex travel patterns, travel more, and have more travel needs at off-peak hours, which are often not related to work and associated with fixed destinations (e.g. child care).” As a result, they are constrained to smaller commutes and, by association, fewer employment opportunities. In addition to using public transport at different times, frequencies, and for alternate purposes, data from other countries also indicates that many women face significant security challenges when using public transport .
To dig deeper on this and identify what kind of complementary interventions could help ensure mass transit investments bring women the best accessibility benefits, we conducted preliminary research in Mexico City with support from the World Bank Youth Innovation Fund.
Our primary objective was to figure out what encourages or inhibits women’s use of mass transit systems, and to understand how these systems influence their decisions to find employment or better employment.
Throughout the 16 Days of Activism Against Gender-Based Violence campaign, we celebrate the strides made since the first Women’s Global Leadership Institute in 1991. Despite significant advances in programming and policy, gender-based violence remains pervasive, especially in crisis-affected populations. The ongoing conflict in Syria and the risks of gender-based violence for Syrian refugees challenge us as a global community to focus our attention and intensify our efforts and activism against gender-based violence.
The 16 Days of Activism campaign also allows us to reflect on the important role of research in activism. Without rigorous research, activism against gender-based violence may be misguided or misaligned with individual or community perceptions and needs.
Rigorous research has been defined as research that applies the appropriate research tools to investigate a set of stated objectives. While some researchers may argue that quantitative research methodologies generate more rigorous data, using this definition we can see that qualitative research methodologies can also generate rigorous data to inform programming, policy and activism.
Our project, funded by the World Bank Group and Sexual Violence Research Initiative Development Marketplace for Innovations to Prevent Gender-Based Violence, aims to do just that—generate rigorous data using qualitative research methodologies to better understand the gender, social, and cultural norms that contribute to intimate partner violence among Syrian refugees. Women and Health Alliance (WAHA) International in collaboration with academic and organizational partners in Turkey and Greece will collect data using focus group discussions and participatory action learning activities in order to inform future interventions targeting intimate partner violence among displaced populations.
Check your teacher dashboard at www.teachley.com or within the Teachley Connect app to see student progress, print their certificates, and access lesson plans and more activities.
Аннотация к западному изданию: «Indie filmmaker Kyle Freeman is a man at the end of his tether. He faces bankruptcy and obscurity, until he lands a commission to make an unusual documentary. The Temple of the Last Days was a notorious cult, which reached its bloody endgame in the Arizona desert in 1975. Ever since, the group’s rumoured mystical secrets and paranormal experiences have lain concealed behind a history of murder, sexual deviancy and imprisonment.
Kyle and his one-man crew film the cult’s original bases in London and France – finally visiting the desert crime scene where the cult self-destructed in a night of ritualistic violence. But when Kyle interviews survivors, uncanny events plague his shoots. Frightening out-of-body experiences and nocturnal visitations follow, along with the discovery of ghastly artefacts. Until Kyle realises, too late, that they’ve become entangled in the cult’s hideous legacy.»
Well, it would seem the age of the titanium yo-yo is still very much at hand. Or at least it is if Dave Geigle and iYoYo have any say in the matter. Dave was busy on the Throwers subreddit the past couple of days filling us all in on not one but two incoming titanium yo-yos: the iYoYo TiRROX and the iYoYo TiSSOX
The names are, admittedly, a bit bewildering but one can’t deny how great these new yo-yos look. You can check out the full specs and pictures below. Not only are the names similar, but the appearance and specs are almost identical too. The only significant difference is that the TiRROX is fully titanium with polished rims while the TiSSOX uses polished stainless steel rims over a titanium body. This gives the TiSSOX a bit more weight on the rims and overall. Oh, and both of them feature the brand new Pixel bearing from iYoYo and CLYW.
Both of them release on August 3. If you are interested in grabbing one or both, it sounds like YoYoExpert will be the place to watch. Both of them release on August 3. YoYo REWIND and the Yo-Shop.de store will also have some as well.
Oh, and check out the nifty “Behind the Scenes” video below from iYoYo, which actually shows some of the production of the TiRROX. Enjoy!
‿ reading ↩ 2007 Country Profile and Guide to Somalia - National Travel Guidebook and Handbook - U.S. Military and Mogadishu, Operation Restore Hope, Agriculture (Two CD-ROM Set) benefits ⁚ ePUB By U.S Government ₅ Completely updated and revised for this new edition, our unique electronic book on two CD ROMs has an amazing collection of the finest federal documents and resources about Somalia, providing encyclopedic coverage of all aspects of the country This disc set provides a truly fantastic reference source, with over one hundred thousand pages reproduced in Adobe Acrobat format There is complete coverage of newsworthy material about Somalia, including doing business, agriculture, Ethiopia Somalia conflict, USAID thousands of pages of reports , Horn of Africa Complex Emergency, U.S Military and Mogadishu, Operation Restore Hope, Operation Continue Hope, U.S Army Medical Research and Materiel Command Somalia Report, Somalia Lessons Learned, Polio in Somalia, U.S Senate Hearing 2006, Africa Business Guide, piracy, Blackhawk Shootdown, Energy in Africa, Drought and agriculture, and This incredible and comprehensive series on the countries of the world contains material from the State Department, Department of Defense, White House, and cabinet agencies including Agriculture, Energy, and the U.S Citizenship and Immigration Services There is complete information about geography, people, government, the economy, communications, transportation, military, and transnational issues In addition to the nation specific material, as a bonus we have included reports about every country on the globe, with 271 nations, dependent areas, and other entities identified by the Central Intelligence Agency The CIA World Factbook is considered an invaluable world encyclopedia reference book This incredible two CD ROM set is packed with over 100,000 pages reproduced using Adobe Acrobat PDF software allowing direct viewing on Windows and Macintosh systems The Acrobat cataloging technology adds enormous value and uncommon functionality to this impressive collection of government documents and material Our news and educational discs are privately compiled collections of offi New Agriculturist Country profile Iran The largest country in the Middle East, Iran has a long history of agriculture goat is believed to have been domesticated first Persia around ,BC and Democratic Republic Congo African Region WHO III Financing II Intervention policies strategies IV Coverage Contribution USm Nigeria FAO Fisheries Aquaculture Profile Production sector Cambodia s fisheries produced an estimated tonnes freshwater are among most productive world Malawi Malawi, Warm Heart Africa , best known for its friendly people lake, which covers per cent A largely agricultural country, About this Collection Studies Digital Contains electronic versions books previously published hard copy as part Series by Federal Research Division Hairspray IMDb Directed Adam Shankman With John Travolta, Queen Latifah, Nikki Blonsky, Michelle Pfeiffer Pleasantly plump teenager Tracy Turnblad teaches Balti Guy Kawasaki Ten Ways Use LinkedIn average number LinkedIn connections who work at Google forty seven Harvard Business School grads fifty BBC News Ukraine profile While Russia share common historical origins, west close ties with European neighbours, particularly Poland, ዴ read entire ಳ Straight Talk, No Chaser: How to Find, Keep, and Understand a Man online free ጝ Author Steve Harvey ፨ Northanger British television adaptation Jane Austen eponymous novel It was directed director Jon JonesUS Government Works USAGov Learn about how copyright applies US government works ThoughtCo form functions detailed articles, extensive study guides, homework helpers, clear, unbiased analysis politics Drug Scheduling dea United States Drug Enforcement Administration DEA official site Department Justice Small Administration We support America small businesses SBA connects entrepreneurs lenders funding help them plan, start grow their business Pandemic Influenza Pandemic Flu CDC CDC pandemic preparedness efforts include ongoing surveillance human animal influenza viruses, risk assessments viruses potential Bureau Fiscal Service Bureau Public Our mission promote financial integrity operational efficiency through exceptional accounting, financing, collections, payments THE GOVERNMENT RAG EDUCATIONAL kavanaugh conformation exercise non linear warfare back demand tgr military movement intel newsletter get your subscription today Engraving Printing note latest denomination currency enter circulation Over decade research development went into new security features Office DoD endpoints Summary Office requires connectivity Internet endpoints below should be reachable customers using plans Selected Information Web Sites USA web portal Find information topic citizens, profit concerns, employees, edX What foundations political system How do leading institutions such presidency Congress operate Where public opinion Info Resources government, but not Trump, can sued group young Americans suing federal over lack action fight climate change proceed lawsuit, President GCC High If organization uses restricts computers on network from connecting Internet, you ll find FQDNs, Ports Microsoft Government Microsoft intelligent solution that combines Windows Enterprise Mobility Security definition government Related WordsSynonymsLegend Switch thesaurus Noun executive legislative judicial branches Home Official ESTA Application Website, UILA Electronic System Travel Authorization This computer data therein property provided pay billion tariff Agriculture said Monday farm aid package would direct farmers offset losses 2007 Country Profile and Guide to Somalia - National Travel Guidebook and Handbook - U.S. Military and Mogadishu, Operation Restore Hope, Agriculture (Two CD-ROM Set)
Ƶ The 䱯 Judgment Cometh (and That Right Soon): Joe Dillard Series, Book 8 ჴ Author Scott Pratt ᄴ A Supreme Court justice is found cut into pieces in the back of a pickup truck Three other judges have already gone missing In the eighth installment of Scott Pratt s best selling Joe Dillard Series, Dillard is hired to represent the man driving the pickup As Dillard delves into the case, he comes to believe his client is not guilty But who is Who has been kidnapping and killing judges all over the state of Tennessee The search for that answer leads Dillard and his friend, Sheriff Leon Bates, down a path so dark and so dangerous to a villain so evil, it will change both Joe and Leon forever if they manage to survive Where Is the Quote His Judgment Cometh and The quote judgment cometh and that right soon is seen in movie, Shawshank Redemption It not a found Bible His Judgement And That Right Soon Thank you but am I wrong judgement kind of tries to raise hope for future like rest assured will come one day YouTube A short scene from really speaks me today controllers this prison planet shall escape God s Judgment Soon Joe Joe Dillard Series Book Kindle edition by Scott Pratt Download it once read on your device, PC, phones or Right Volume Books Smear campaign that title framed embroidery over Warden wall safe movie Redemption, which story about man fighting RAIN AND JUDGEMENT COMETH ONTO THE lord has revealed himself video as was preaching Woohoooo txt FUll Issuu digital publishing platform makes simple publish magazines, catalogs, newspapers, books, online Easily share publications get Written Pratt, Audiobook narrated Tim Campbell Sign download listen audiobook First time visiting Audible Get soon Widely regarded best films all time, highly doubt we ever have film there are many mentioned same breath The BIBLE LIGHT Who be judged Psa judgeth righteous, angry with wicked every Eccl said mine heart, judge Divine Wikipedia Catholic doctrine Objective subjective In doctrine, divine Latin judicium divinum , an imminent act God, denotes action CATHOLIC ENCYCLOPEDIA General Judgment Please help support mission New Advent full contents website instant Includes Encyclopedia What happens at Good News news Christ resurrection so DIFFERENT what they disciples had anticipated coud NOT BELIEVE TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE, God On Wind Word glorious revelations uses things explain wonders He performing earth Most people looking Cashless Society European Nations With events taking place Syria now, asking, What does say end times TABLE OF CONTENTS PART jlfoundation Uplifting Jesus through inspirational stories, religious articles, essays, poems, hymns midis downloadable Bach Christian Midi Sheep May Safely Graze plus Hebrews only fearful expectation of But certain fiery indignation, devour adversaries Hebrews How escape, if neglect A Prophecy Study Great White study White Throne also called damned GWT ◲ Map Morocco (National Geographic Adventure Map) store ☯ E-Pub Author National Geographic Maps - Adventure ♚ King James Version cry made, Behold, bridegroom go ye out meet him Darby Translation middleSCOTT PRATT FICTION Official Home home After forfeiting years serving false murder conviction, former criminal defense attorney Darren Street finally got his Scott Wall Journal Bestselling Author whose books sold than three million copies born South Haven, Michigan, grew up In Faith FREE shipping qualifying offers two copy bestselling series VoiceOfTheTheatreCom god bless america Victoria Trace Adkins Mistress she is Meet Victoria year old Canadian actress who currently real life role mistress turned girlfriend country singer Pratt County, KS Website advance voting county clerk office until monday, november noon new driver license hours starting october state examiner pratt Wikipdia est une athlte avant tout Elle dcroch plusieurs mdailles en athltisme, sur les haies, tant au niveau provincial que national Chris Wikipdia, enciclopdia livre Primeiros anos Chris nasceu em Virginia no Estado do Minnesota, filho de Kathleen Louise, uma funcionria um supermercado, e Daniel Clifton, mineiro Todd Todd Alan February Major League Baseball catcher, playing primarily served back catcher most INMATE INFORMATION Tehama County Sheriff Booking No File Number Inmate Name TEJADA, ISAAC HERNANDEZ Arrest Date Judgment Cometh (and That Right Soon): Joe Dillard Series, Book 8
The design office Murken Hansen was founded in Berlin by Hauke Murken and Sven Hansen. We work for german and international clients as: Casala, Cor, Freifrau, KFF, Menu, Moormann, Philippi, Pieperconcept, Qdo Denmark, Radius Design, Stelton, WMF ...
Our design aim is to make things better. We like: clarity, simplicity, intelligence, traditions, idea ping-pong, german functionalism, working on ideas for a long time, knowledge that is not hardened to certainty, people that make things happen. We think people should own less but better things and so we try to create products with an outstanding usability, top quality and simple beauty. Our formal concept is mostly soft minimalism. So our products are staying up to date for many years. This is our contribution to sustainability.
I would like to thank in the name of SWAT, of Irving Police Department for letting us participate of your great and inspirable training, which I have been speaking about to the polices in our department.
I would like to thank you not only for the chance to know you, but for the pleasure to have a great instructor like you, teaching important tolls for us. I also would like to thank the other members of your team for the great charism, patience and knowledge they passed us on SWAT conference.
I wish God gives you intelligence to continue your great dones and help the governor and the police agents to have a little bit more profit in their occupations.
All home games are played at Cypress Falls H.S. campus. AIM- Athletic International Mission Donation Games
Lets get straight to the point. I'm calling all photographers and artist to join me in "Rebuild Through Arts & Photography". If there's a portrait you will like to donate, a piece of art that you like to give up for the cause. We will like you to send us your donation in that form.
Your donation will be replaced for another donation from individuals that will like to accept your art and or photos that are worthy to you, at a price that you submit for your work to be sold in auctions/online or replaced by donation. "Example", if you would like for your photo to sell for $100.00, then that will be your contribution towards the Sandy Victims. You name your price for your work.
RecapLife Media Group is currently looking for sponsors and volunteers to help with collections of Art & Photography works from artist. I'm pretty sure that that response will be overwhelming and artist of all sorts will come together and help raise funds to repair all our communities, cities, and states that were ruin by Hurricane Sandy. Everyone help is needed, and appreciated.
We are also urging an emergency request of any and all emergency helps centers to get involved by contacting...
RecapLife Media Group agrees to render it's services for 12 months of free rotation for your company @ www.recaplife.com. Artist, photographers, and businesses. Support Hurricane Sandy Victims and RecapLife Media Group will support all donors with free advertising on company website.
Real photo of Jesus in front of my house 20ft off the ground. 2012 Photo by Darron K. Humphrey #1 of 7
All Donations will be forwarded to help organizations to help for recovery for Hurricane Sandy victims.
Copyright 2014 Rechtslexikon.net - All rights reserved. Impressum Datenschutzbestimmungen Nutzungsbestimmungen
JS of wanmeiff.com and vcpic.com Please keep this copyright information, respect of, thank you!JS of wanmeiff.com and vcpic.com Please keep this copyright information, respect of, thank you!
O n the surface a cute platformer with one too many anime themes, The Apprentice reveals itself to be slightly more than we ever imagined wi...
UK based AVM AG/HQ delivered Scotland Yard Interactive on CD-i in 1993 before they went on developing Master Labyrinth on CD-i, both licens...
As many probably have noticed, playing action games like Hotel Mario or Zeldas with CD-I emu tends to be a pain in the ass because of the l...
The CDinteractive Forums will deactivate at the end of June. The new location for CDinteractive Forums is as follows... http://www.cdi...
We've come a long way with different members who tries to repair the CD-i timekeeper battery ; you may remember Terratron's repair g...
R obin Back and Johnny Byrne started the company BEPL in 1989 to make interactive stories for television initially hosted on CD-i. BEPL is ...
CD-i member Bernard has some experience with CD-i players. There are 3 common problems with CD-i players: 1. The loading belt of the CD m...
A nd another story by our CD-i developers team: Charles and cdifan! "While developing Frog Feast, I (well we, hello CD-I Fan!) stumbeld...
E mulating the CD-i is a complicated and difficult process. Luckily, there is only one working emulator available, which narrows things down...
C D-i veterans and Philips employees aside, new visitors to Interactive Dreams may not have a clue what the Philips CD-i was about. This int...
Thanks to Windowskiller we have a few pictures of the original Gamester CD-i gamepad. In addition to the third party CD-i controllers from Tecno Plus, I talked about the only other external company who produced a gamepad for CD-i: Gamester. This is absolutely a better alternative to the low-responding Philips CD-i controllers out there, unfortunately hard to find but if you see one, don't hesitate to buy it! It looks very similar as the original Sega Megadrive Joypad or even the Sega Saturn Pad. Like with Tecno Plus, controller designs were licensed to different companies but to see this on CD-i is remarkable. Omegalfa even uncovered how it looks without the shell. Sweet ;)
never seen this one, and i was an early adopter of cdi. Jeez, looks so much cooler than the one i have now!
Welcome to the wonderful world of Interactive Dreams. You've just come to a warmhearted place all dedicated to the Philips CD-i. With attention to detail and quality, 2015 should see the rise of CD-i as a Retrogaming platform. For many CD-i has gone as a relative obscurity had it not been for the intervention of websites like The Black Moon Project and Interactive Dreams. Hopefully we're doing our bit to set the record straight along with all the other great CD-i projects.
Cheat Mode: Start a new game and save it as "BADGER" - Move the cursor to one of the corner icons and you'll enter a secret m...
All over the internet you'll find stories where CD-i is titled as the least succesful console, mainly because in the eyes of consumers ...
Did you know Interactive Dreams has an official support/discussion/tips Forum located at the CD-i Forum? I challenge you to be a part of our CD-i World right here.
Do you have tips on what to post about CD-i? Can you help us with screenshots, videos or reviews? We'd love it when you share it with us! Please email us at interactive [dot] dreams [at] gmail [dot] com, thanks in advance!
Description This is William Belcher's 1866 Oath of Loyalty to the United States. Belcher, a 28-year-old South Carolina native, states that he has resided in Missouri for ten years and did not leave the state during the war. This oath is No. 146 in a bound volume.
Lace is important to have for your intimate apparel drawer as it looks tantalizing versus the skin. Obviously, in addition, there are lace panties and satin underwear for you to choose from when purchasing your women's lingerie. In addition, there are bodices made from silk, satin and also maybe even natural leather that might fit any kind of figure.
Bands create a Y shape rather than the T developed through a g-string. It isn't really simple to discover the suitable bra, which not just seductively touches your entire body, however in addition supplies the necessary assistance. You will call for a premium fitting halter bra for definitely any kind of sleeveless outfit.
Babydoll underwear has actually developed into a big group of lingerie that encompasses numerous unique colors and also designs. Babydoll lingerie is offered in a massive variety of textiles, layouts as well as colors. Timeless babydoll lingerie is sleeveless, though a modern-day babydoll could have small cap sleeves.
Our set of undergarments for females provides a large array of everything you have to appear excellent from the inside out. Fine sensation underwear offers you a fantastic ego boost. Lace Panties are a kind of underwear intended to be used by women and women in the crotch location under the waistline. When cleaning this underwear with various other innerwear, consisting of bras, make certain to secure the holds to prevent any kind of possibility of damaging the material. Due to this, it's vital to wear underclothing that suits you right. It has actually never been so simple to purchase your much-loved Pleasuresexy Lingerie in our webshop!
When it relates to lingerie, there are thongs which can be constructed out of different cuts as well as materials, as well as child shorts that provide protection for ladies that aren't comfortable bearing their bases. Both of this underwear for ladies serve the purpose of preventing visible panty lines. They are most often form-fitting, however, could likewise be loose. Choosing the most effective lace panties depends upon your objective. Based on the kind of gown that you have actually picked, you might call for distinct white lace panties sort of event underwears to make certain you don't have undesirable panty lines.
Lace pantie lingerie is an important part of typical wear and also finding one of the most suitable underwear to complement a physique demands some experimentation. It can be extremely easy to comprehend women's underwear specifically when it pertains to searching for one. It's about YOU discovering sexy lingerie which you just are not able to live without. Whether you're trying to find classy women's underwear or the optimal shapewear, the size chart will certainly help you in discovering that perfect item. There are several various types of lingerie as well yet these are those which are popular and could easily be available in every section of the world. Putting on sexy underwear is most likely the very best way for a woman to appear hot and sexy practically instantly. Choosing underwear for your job interview No, this isn't really a joke, lingerie could develop a distinction.
Both styles arrive in either higher waistline or very low waistline style, based on the choice of the lady wearing it. Occasionally it isn't about just the fashion of top however just how you use it and what you put on with this. Finding your fashion style can be difficult, as you have to take into consideration how you need to share your personality and just what makes you really feel magnificent but comfy.
Every woman on the other side of the globe loves lingerie, shoes, and bags! It is a substantial part of every woman's life no matter exactly what her age is right from tiny boppers or a person in the twenties or probably a lady on the opposing side of forty, underwear is something which is an indivisible portion of every woman. Females with wider thighs and little waist could have a challenging time suitable for these pleasantly. They could spruce up with these various designs to look the best. Being a married woman isn't a justification to wear attractive lingerie. Not a great deal of ladies pick silk, as a result, it's ensured to make an influence. All plus sized lingerie or full figure women should certainly be happy that there's a bra design, specifically made for them.
You would like your babydoll to enhance rather than contend to your very own charm. A babydoll normally finishes someplace in between the base of the butts and also the center of the upper leg. The babydoll is a quick negligee.
Along with all of our services we offer a design element. Often it is helpful to see a graphic representation of your project to get an idea of the scope and feel of the project deminsions and layout. We offer our design service as part of your project package for a nominal fee or as a separate service at an hourly rate.
With over 15 years of experience in Auto Cad our Designer is an expert, with a eye for accuacy and detail. Tell us your idea and we can show you the details in a drawing so you can see how it will fit into the general layout of your space. Need ideas? We can layout out your space's dimensions and show you several choices in terms of how your space can be transformed.
There is nothing like seeing it on paper to give you an idea of the scope and practicality of a project.
The blower drive gear is driven by the camshaft gear (4-53 engine). The gear is keyed and pressed on a shaft
which is supported in the blower drive support. This support, on a 4-53 engine, is attached to the rear end plate
4. Tap the blower drive support to loosen it, then carefully withdraw the support from the rear end plate
2. If there are burrs on the edges of the snapring groove, remove them with a stone. Then withdraw the
Recorded in the wake of her CDs with The Blake Babies and Some Girls, Juliana Hatfield’s Made In China is a bare-bones solo effort. She plays all the instruments on four tracks, and works with a trio on the other eight. Still, her music hits hard, as Hatfield and Joe Keefe evoke Neil Young with their careening guitars on “New Waif,” “Rats In The Attic,” and “Digital Penetration.”
Hatfield maintains her patented girlish appeal on the short and goofy “Going Blonde,” and has fun with the warp speed punk arrangement of “My Pet Lion.” Her only misfire comes on “Send Money,” a swipe at evangelists that drags out a single joke for five minutes. Hatfield sings, “You act like you’re the only one with a chemical imbalance” on the offbeat but charming “Stay Awake,” and her vocals are nearly a whisper on the mysterious “A Doe And Two Fawns.” Other highlights include the acoustic ballad, “Hole In The Sky” and the light but politically charged, “On Video.”
Let us introduce you to a talented and helpful sales associate who can help with all of your buying or selling needs. We look forward to serving you.
Not all of us love Car Boot Sales! Early starts, long days and rain YUK. There is a better way right here in your home town Bromley. 2lazy2boot is a new free ads website to sell your unwanted items in Bromley. Easy, free and fast. 2lazy2boot in Bromley is the fastest connected growing network of on line car boot sales enthusiasts.
one kitten left from litter of six person failed to secure with deposit fluffy bundle of fluff litter trained on advice from vet you need to take to own vets it will be registered at for injections can be seen with mum ready to go now.
AB Lounge - Good Condition. Is currently assembled and ready to use. Dimensions closed and flat are:- 43 x 32 inches Cash on Collection only - Pick up from Bromley in Kent. Thanks. . Can deliver for approximately £7.50 within 10 mile radius.
Pair 3ft divans as new Pair matching 3 ft divan beds bought for guests no longer needed . As new slept on once. £100.00.
sofa red leather Red leather. L shaped, hand made, contempory style. Only 6 mths old, sell due to move, 6ft by 4ft.Bargain. Buyer collects. £400.00.
3 sweet and fluffy kittens looking for a good home. 3 lovely 7 weeks old kittens ready to go by next week. 2 grey boys and 1 tabby girl. Both grey boys are :£80 each. Tabby girl : £100 Litter trained and wormed, Very sweet and friendly, used to children, nice loving family house Please call me on --.
MOTHERCARE 2-IN-1 PRAM/PUSHCHAIR Mothercare 2-in-1 pram/pushchair, complete with apron/footmuff, raincover and large shopping tray. Rear facing, folds flat. Excellent condition £25.00.
4 beautiful bitches left vet checked and ready to go two tall and muscullar and other two will be short STOCKIE AND CHUNKY THEY ARE BUILT LIKE BOYS so only serious people that are looking for that perfect pup look no futher reasonable offers will be accepted thank you for viewing my add merry christmas.
Perfect condition, worn once for a wedding, beautiful, comfortable, black, purple and silver. I'll post it in UK for free. If you contact me I can email more photos..
Item offered for sale: Other computers & accessories in United Kingdom, Bromley ... View detailed ...
Mixture of tabby kittens Beautiful litter pictures available if required On advice of vet they will not have injections done as they advise new owners to do this at the vet they will use for future Litter trained.
CLEARANCE ULTRABITE FOR BREAM & ROACH Specially formulated to attract bream and roach. Contains Factor X discovered and patented by UK Government scientists. Use an an additive to both groundbait and hook baits. Environmentally Safe. 20 x 5ml Vials rrp £9.99 Check out my other items.
One size 14 unaltered Caroline Castigliano dress for sale and looking for a new person to celebrate their special day. Worn once for 10 hours and still absolutely stunning. The rolled hem is coming away slightly on one section of the top skirt but I am 5'9 and it was long on me hence the slight flaw so if you will need it shortened this will automatically be fixed.
19" Soundwave LCD HD Ready TV The TV is used but in excellent condition, has built in freeview. Comes in shiny black. TV only, no power adapter, no remote, no box, no aerial. Looking to sell by tommorow so first come, first serve. Email me or phone me on 02028XXXXXX Thank You.
Well here you go. Good luck with your on line car boot sale in Bromley. We hope you have some success and find buyers/sellers that you are looking for in Used goods .
Don’ t forget to comment any successes in selling your Used goods items in Bromley to our valuation window and report forum!
Have you ever felt bored with your old and same bedroom wall? Or, maybe you feel that your room is getting cramped day by day? That means this is the perfect time to get yourself a bedroom accent wall. Well, it is a wall that the colors or even shape...
If you have tired of bathroom atmosphere which has never changed for years, you have to pick rustic bathroom design as the new look. Rustic itself, is an idea that usually uses rural things and stuffs to the furniture or interior. It generally uses some unfinished wooden furnishings, wood color...
Open shelving may just be the simple yet stylish organizer for the great bathroom shelving ideas. Whether it is large cabinet or subtle storage, open shelving is now a great item in modern style bathroom design. The contemporary concept of open-shelving leaves a greater space for more individual style of...
Provides advocacy for individuals/groups from a Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender, Intersex and Queer GLBTIQ multicultural background. AGMC is the peak body that represents the interests of GLBTIQ multicultural individuals/groups and raising their profile within the wider GLBTIQ and multicultural communities. It aims to promote, enable and disseminate knowledge on issues relevant to GLBTIQ multicultural individuals/groups through discussion, research, publishing and other means. In addition AGMC encourages and supports the formation and growth of GLBTIQ multicultural groups.
Vigorous fulfillment of planning, monitoring and project management requirements needed for more productive and efficient service provided by the Ministry for the empowerment of children and women and direct them towards comprehensive development.
Developing Annual Action Plan by incorporating information from all Divisions / Departments of the Ministry.
Formulating the National Plans relevant to the field of children and women and providing the necessary contribution.
Developing the Action Plan of the Ministry of Women and Child Affairs and distributing it among the relevant stakeholder institutions.
Developing 25 combined District Integrated development plans including all development programmes implemented by each Division at the Ministry at District level in 2017 and distributing that among all the District Co-ordinating Staff Officers and all the District Secretariats.
Providing the basic guidance required by the field officers in Divisional Level Child and Women Development Units to develop 331 combined Child and Women Development Plans for all the Divisional Secretariat Divisions and doing the necessary revisions and improvements by obtaining the Divisional Plans to the Ministry.
A three year National Action Plan for Widows and Women Heads of Household was drafted by the Ministry and the Planning Division contributed to that.
For the purpose of achieving the optimum progress through the annual provisions allocated to the Ministry of Women and Child Affairs, progress review discussions are held and reporting on progress is done by the Planning Division.
Monthly and quarterly reporting on progress at the level of Divisions / Departments as per the annual Action Plan.
Co-ordinating the District progress review meetings and summarized progress reporting - Through carrying out the progress review of the District level child and women development programmes twice a year in all 25 Districts with the participation of the staff officers of the Ministry, achieving maximum benefits of the Ministerial provisions at the Divisional level has been ensured.
Several field evaluation programmes were implemented by the Planning Division from time to time to investigate the current situation/suitability of some projects implemented with the provisions of the Ministry in 2017 and reports have been submitted.
Recommendations and conclusions provided in this manner by evaluating programmes at a national level will be helpful to make the future programme more successful.
Day Care Centre proposed to be constructed in Kalavanchikudi Divisional Secretarait Division in Batticaloa District.
The Planning Division has implemented the following in 2017 to raise awareness of field officers about common subject areas / current topics.
1). Several rounds of discussions were held at national level in collaboration with the relevant stakeholder institutions and a review was conducted about the measures and policies adopted by various institutions under the national programme for drug prevention, to coincide with the “Alokaya” programme implemented by this Ministry to save children and women from the drug menace.
At the same time, to minimize the use of drugs among adults, promote understanding, commitment and active contribution of the civil society organizations and the communities in this regard as well as to ensure a joint approach in action for prevention of drugs by government and non-government organizations, 03 one day workshops were held in the Districts of Gampaha, Kurunegala and Kalutara for raising awareness of the field officers as trainers. In addition to that, 02 programmes were held at Divisional level targeting members of the women’s action groups in Ja-ela and Niyagama Divisional Secretariat Divisions.
This programme is expected to be extended to Districts throughout the island where vulnerable groups are common.
2). Furthermore, arrangements have been made to hold a one day training workshop on project management for District Coordinating Officers and Child and Women Development Officers from selected Divisional Secretariat Divisions, at Colombo in November. The aim of this programme is to provide the knowledge and experience required to identify, plan, execute and follow up suitable projects for providing effective solutions for the priority requirements and issues in the field of women and children.
Copymag is a free magazine WordPress theme with lots of features such as Featured Category Homepage, Google web font, advertisement option and many more. The theme also fully Responsive and mobile friendly, suitable for any website development that focus on mobile blogging, you could test them out in your mobile device such as ipad or iphone.
Luxuriously appointed, innovatively, and imbued with lengendary performance. And yet this BMW 7 Series final worsds, style with Forgiato
We hear the words often in Reggae Music . Everyone who knows just a little bit about the history of Reggae Music and Jamaica won't need to find out if that saying is true or not.
Or in the music played by Brother Ian from the magnificent House of Reggae, where you can relax while being educated in the same time.
Sure, you can enjoy Reggae Music without knowing all the details. You don't have to know the history of this music in order to feel the rhythm, but it sure helps to feel it even more. and this is where Ian's House of Reggae comes in.
In this 6th episode, he goes in-depth into Jamaica's independence from Britain before playing the 1962 track "Independent Blues" Basil Gabbidon. After that, he makes a little fun of the Gospelreggae Industry as he plays Shaggy's tune "Church Heathen" and Ninjaman's "The Pastor".
Just two highlights in what is another episode of obligatory education for every self-respecting lover of Reggae Music.
BROADCASTER'S COMMENTS: Welcome back for another show and in this I'm playing tunes covering 45 years of Jamaican music from celebrating independence in 1962 with Basil Gabbidon, all the way through to the big hit of 2007 from Shaggy, while taking in visits to Newquay and Ipswich in England aswell as the Jordan River in the Middle East on an untitled white label (one for the spotters!). Business as usual then at the House of Reggae, why not come in and enjoy the tunes......
WWW, September 2007 - After the original inhabitants were killed, Africans were taken to Jamaica to work as slaves under a torturous rule by the state sanctioned slave masters.
It's just a small clip, only two minutes long. Long enough to introduce Jamaican people, a proud people, to show some of the torture devices, and even to have a small interview with a Jamaican minister.
Our NETLABEL releases music from the Dubroom Studio and that of others and our WEBSTORE has some interesting releases too. We also have tons of REVIEWS on MP3's, VIDEO's, ALBUMS, BOOKS, WEBSITES, and MORE. Especially for the (online) artists, there is an artists-only STUDIO. Additionally, we have several research and information websites on BABYLON, CHRISTIANITY, and RASTAFARI. Also check out our ARTICLES and get in touch with other visitors on our MESSAGE BOARD. Or stay up-to-date by subscribing to one or more of our MAILING LISTS. Find all Dubroom features at our SITE MAP. When something is unclear, you can always check our FAQ or use the search engine to find what you're looking for. And ofcourse, you can allways CONTACT us.
Welcome to DUBROOM ONLINE, the main Dubroom Blog. Here you can find all our latest reviews and articles, releases and much more.
The Book of Jasher is an apocryphe book that can be considered as a welcome addition to the first five books of the Bible. It is also mentio...
The Kebra Negast, or "Glory of the Kings", is a very interesting book. It describes, among other things, the meeting between the Q...
WWW, January 2011 - Originally written in 1876 as an answer to the then rising philosophy of Theosophy which gave birth to the modern New Ag...
WWW, April 11 2008 - After some disturbing background information surfaced on the Dubroom Messageboards and was even provided by the produce...
THE “CHRISTAFARI” PROJECT HOW CCM TRIES TO KILL REGGAE MUSIC AND CULTURE WWW, September 4, 2007 - August 26, Messian Dread was interv...
The Dubroom covers a large number of topics, that may not alltogether be of interest to all visitors and readers of the Dubroom website and/or weblogs. That is why we have several weblogs, each one having their own specific field of coverage.
Dubroom (DUB) Reggae Reviews This weblog contains stricktly reviews of (DUB) Reggae Music. From albums to vinyl, from free mp3's to online video's.
Babylon Observer The latest Babylon Observer publications is posted along with interesting news items from other websites.
Center for Research on Christianity News and views from the religious system we know as "Christianity", CRC items will be posted along with interesting news item from other websites.
The fee includes breakfast and afternoon refreshment breaks on Tuesday, 27 October, lunch, mid-morning and afternoon refreshment breaks on Wednesday and Thursday, 28-29 October. Lunch is on your own Tuesday and breakfast is on your own Wednesday and Thursday. Lunch will be provided Wednesday and Thursday, and dinner is on your own on all three days (excluding the optional group dinner).
Individuals will be able to order off the regular menu and pay by separate checks. Please select if you will be joining us for the group dinner, and if you are bringing a guest.
"It is better to be hated for what you are, than to be loved for what you are not." ~ Hachiman Hikigaya (Yahari)
I feel the same way. But they're not taking sign ups anymore haha. Too many people joining at once I guess.
We will be open for new player sign ups in the near future, and can't wait to have you join in the adventure!
Maybe we are those people who just don't remember making accounts. hurrrr. It happened to me with ChickenSmoothie >_>
I don't go on there, but sometimes I'll do the occasional check. But I don't really do anything on there. I remember I got it a long time ago.
Flight Rising will have a NEW registration window on December 15th! If you're interested in opening an account, Registration will be available at 05:30 Server Time on Monday December 15, and close at 05:30 Server Time on Tuesday, December 16.
We're also welcoming two new moderates on Flight Rising! Please give a warm welcome to Barbie and Nerd.
Don't forget guys! Registration opens in 4 days, so make sure you're ready! You never know when the next slot will open.
I have some cute wildclaw / imperial / ridgeback babies in my nests that I can give to new members. ;u;
He’s the scion of an honorable and revered family. A dedicated soldier and distinguished legislator. Loyal proponent of the Republic and trusted ally of the Jedi Order. Groomed by the ruthless politician and Sith Lord who would be Emperor, Governor Wilhuff Tarkin rises through the Imperial ranks, enforcing his authority ever more mercilessly . . . and zealously pursuing his destiny as the architect of absolute dominion.
Rule through the fear of force rather than force itself, he advises his Emperor. Under Tarkin’s guidance, an ultimate weapon of unparalleled destruction moves ever closer to becoming a terrifying reality. When the so-called Death Star is completed, Tarkin is confident that the galaxy’s lingering pockets of Separatist rebellion will be brought to heel—by intimidation . . . or annihilation.
Until then, however, insurgency remains a genuine threat. Escalating guerrilla attacks by resistance forces and newfound evidence of a growing Separatist conspiracy are an immediate danger the Empire must meet with swift and brutal action. And to bring down a band of elusive freedom fighters, the Emperor turns to his most formidable agents: Darth Vader, the fearsome new Sith enforcer as remorseless as he is mysterious; and Tarkin—whose tactical cunning and cold-blooded efficiency will pave the way for the Empire’s supremacy . . . and its enemies’ extinction.»
Went for a little ride over the weekend. Renton to Iron Creek on Friday, by way of Chinook / Cayuse Pass. Iron Creek to Bear Meadow to Cougar to Voodoo Too and SeeSee in Portland to Backwoods Brewing in Carson and back to Iron Creek on Saturday. Iron Creek to Stonehenge in Goldendale to Hop Nation in Yakima and back to Renton on Sunday. 819 miles per Google.
Yanked a worn out Pirelli Angel before the trip and threw on a new Pirelli Diablo. Wish I knew how many miles were on this front Pirelli Angel. Oddly, the rear outlasted the front. While I was working on the bike, I threw some new Galfer HH pads in the front, and an Ohlins shock on the rear. Also added a hugger to try to cut down on the amount of pine needles and other crud under the tail. The Ohlins was notably worse than the stock shock at first. It really felt godawful until I stopped and added three clicks of both rebound and suspension. That made a big difference, but it still needs a bit of fine tuning.
Rushed down to Iron Creek Campground after ditching work early Friday. Didn't even stop for pictures as I went through Chinook / Cayuse Pass. Mt. Rainier was clouded in anyway. Got to camp and set up not much before dark and had some horribly green firewood. Thank goodness for a cheap backpacking stove, because I still got a hot dinner.
Saturday Morning was my second attempt to hit Windy Ridge this year. First was back in May/June, and you could only get to the snow park on FS99. Nope, ranger truck and too much traffic to sneak around the barricades at Bear Meadow. Bear Meadow view was good, but cloudy. An unnamed viewpoint provided some nice pictures though.
Rode out through Cougar, WA to Portland for some Voodoo Doughnuts. Saw the line and decided to hit Voodoo Too accross the river. Same damn doughnuts, with zero wait. And what's a visit to Portland without hitting SeeSee?
After fueling myself and the bike, it was time for the long way round to get a beer and back to camp. Rode around Mt. Hood through Government Camp and The Dalles. With doughnuts and an empty growler in the tailbag! Great beer and pizza at Backwoods Brewing.
Got caught out on FS25 after dark. Holy shit that's awful! Made it back to camp and got the fire going, then had a few glasses of Backwood's Pecan Pie Porter and another doughnut or two after dinner.
Sunday morning was a late start. Burned up the last of the firewood over a lazy coffee and doughnut in while cooking breakfast. Thought about watching some flat track racing at Goldendale / Eddieville, but took my sweet time packing up. Another quick run down to the Columbia brought me to Stonehenge. Very impressive memorial.
After Stonehenge, I flew up to Yakima for food and fuel. Man was it hot down there. Hop Nation had some good stuff, including a Candied Bacon BLT. Hit the Yakima Canyon Road and then was forced to cross over on I-90 because Cayuse / Chinook was closed. What a fucking nightmare... What should have taken 15 minutes at 80 mph took 80 minutes at 15 mph. In addition to eclipse traffic, and the usual bullshit returning to the city, there's construction all the way over.
I really like Backwoods Amber Ale, have it often enough at pubs and in cans, but I've never stopped at the brewery. If anyone's up for a meetup there I'm in. But if you're just passing through Carson and want a quick sandwich, there's a deli next door called The Grind that does a very decent smoked brisket.
See See's is great. I'm in there once or twice a week but it could use a few minor layout changes to be more hangoutable: if they could get a couple of larger tables in, and at least an awning for shade and rain out on the side where the picnic tables (and free compressed air) are, they'd probably double their business.
Someone invite me for a ride before the weekend. Thursday!!!!! Let's go to the beach on Thursday morning!!!! Westport or Ocean Shores? My only requirement is a cappuccino with every fill-up.
I'm leaving town Thursday alright, even heading south again. Much farther south though. Spending a couple days in Vegas.
November 9, 2018 Carcinoid Cancer, Travelcastles, Injection, neuroendocrine tumor, PRRT, Scotlandcy
We spent about 10 days in Scotland ending last week. Our son, his wife and son live in Cellardyke near St. Andrews. We take every chance we can to visit them. We love to see them especially the five and a half year old grandson.
While there, we took the wonderful train system to Stirling. Stirling is an ancient town with a castle that dates to the the 14th century. It was perhaps the most used of the royal residences during the reign of the Scottish Kings. The Scots have done a very good job of restoring the interiors of several of the castle rooms to look like they did during the King’s residence. The battles of Stirling Bridge and of Bannockburn pictured in the movie “Braveheart” was fought very nearby.
All in all, it was a very good trip. I regret that I have not pictures of family or castles but my phone with it’s camera died on the first day of the trip.
I have written in Another NETspot GA68 Scan – Next PRRT that I am “on the list” for a treatment called PRRT. While we were in Scotland, an opening in the list occurred for today Nov. 9. The oncology office called and left messages but I was in Scotland and my phone was broken. I finally got the message when it was too late to begin the treatments this week. This was a bit disappointing but could not be helped. I am still on the list for early next year.
Last Friday, just two days after our return, I got my monthly Sandostatin injection for NET Cancer. Since then, I have been experiencing some of the Carcinoid Syndrome symptoms that don’t usually bother me. I mentioned this to my oncologist and he told me that sometimes the injection is done badly or the batch of medication is bad.
Thanks Ronny, We go there every year (must see the young grandson). You and I will have to arrange to meet for coffee somewhere, sometime.
So sorry about your phone and the PRRT call. It’s probably better to start after the holidays so you won’t have to stay clear of young ones, possibly pregnant ladies, etc.
Interesting comment from your physician re the shot. I must have had a number of poor injections or a bunch of bad batches. I can’t remember how many times my reaction wasn’t the usual cessation of symptoms.
Welcome to another day in my life. Today is Tuesday and I hope you are having a safe and great week so far. Dab the AIDS Bear and I are still dealing with situations going on in our lives so we will apologize to our friends and Dab the AIDS Bear fans for not being online more.
For most of us, life is not easy. Every day we have to make choices in life. Sometimes the choices are easy to make and sometimes the choices are ones we have to make out of honor and duty.
I recently had to start making some very hard and difficult personal choices because of current situations in my life. The problem is our choices often impact the lives of others. While I would wish my choices would never unintentionally hurt another person, sometimes that can not be helped.
So having to make certain choices in my life recently, I know I have hurt someone who is very dear and a wonderful person. I know the person is disappointed, upset and hurt for which I am extremely sorry. But due to the current situation, there was no other option I could make in my choice.
So this time, I have had to chose to let someone go in my life in order to serve my obligations and duties. This will also allow the person to be able to find what they want in life without being restricted to their obligation to me. Unfortunately, there is no painless way to let someone know the decision or situation. I can only hope they understand and after their disappointment and hurt subsides that they will still want to be friends.
I never get personal in my blogs when it comes to relationships and friendships. But this was one occasion I knew I had to do so. I also know the person reads my blog often and will be reading this.
So while I know you are now hurting, disappointment and possibly even mad with me; that I truly would have done whatever I could to avoid causing you pain. But sometimes a man has to stand up and make the right decision because of situations in their life. I wish you the best because you deserve the best.
I am going to keep the blog short today because I could easily ramble on but the message is there. For those of you who are reading this, some of you might have been in a similar situation. Leaving someone, whether it is a short term relationship or a long one is never easy. Even when you are doing it for the right reasons, it causes someone else pain.
It was time to finally buy these hysterical shiny sandals (I think I've even dreamt with this pair eventually).
Still don't know what to wear the with, but after all, it's said that if a pair of shoes make you smile everytime you see them, then they worth more than they cost.
We aims to feature all beautiful jewelries we could find out there. We spend everyday of our time looking out for new awesome jewelries from tons of online shops and social pages so you won't be missed out. We hope whatever we love and shared can serves as an inspiration or idea for everyone. It is our goal to grow this site into a community driven page where quality jewelries are shared.
We started with rings but our love of jewelries is not limited to RingsCollection.com. We have since launched NecklaceDay.com, OnlyBracelet.com and Zearrings.com to provide more focused browsing experience for our readers. Want to feature your jewelry on our site? Please reach out to us via the contact us form below!
Mandarin is our main subject at our education center. Time by time, we have been developing our Education Center to prepare Indonesian people to face the challenging future with the fast development of China. This good education is obviously able to support them living in International society based on Chinese language and Culture.
*Yes, I would like to receive future communications (such as email) from Caterpillar extended enterprise and dealer network.��
While most people do not give too much thought about what goes into their garage (beyond hopefully their car along with storage for all those items which you can't find a home for inside the house!) Dufferin Tile has some suggestions if you do decide to spruce things up a little bit.
Garage Floor: For some people, oil stains on a plain looking concrete slab are not very appealing. But, it is the garage, what can you do?
What many people are discovering that they can do, is to use a through-body porcelain tile. Most notably, you see them in car showrooms quite frequently. Installed properly, they can easily withstand the weight and wear from your vehicle. It will also provide a more appealing presentation than the plain concrete pad that currently exists there.
Having a tiled floor in your garage can give you a nicer, more comfortable look in a room you probably thought you could do nothing with!
Please note that any prices on the Web-Site (Excluding our coupons) are only indicative/suggestive and are subject to change. Please confirm with the store prior to making any purchase.
Our Mission is to inspire and prepare all students to realize their potential and enhance our global community.
Administrative offices for the West Hartford Public Schools are located in the Town Hall building at 50 South Main Street.
You want them to be useful, but you want to limit the negative effects they may have on authenticated accounts and data. So, you limit the resources they may use and protect data they can access.
The processor itself is pretty easy to protect. Operating systems already have mechanisms to fairly distribute the CPU power to different processes and with any luck will also carry account information that can be used to enforce fairness across accounts. And modern file systems have ways to protect data from being accessed or modified by different accounts.
But it's possible for a guest account to misuse the computer by using lots of disk space and not freeing it before signing off. You could limit the amount of space used during a session, but if you allow disk space to be retained between sessions, several guests, working in concert, could fill up the disk. On DTSS, this was solved by severely limiting the amount of disk space a user could use for permanent storage, and having a separate larger limit for temporary files used in a process. This later trick allowed compilers to create large intermediate files. Also, by policy, guest accounts were handed out in person, so there were not a lot of them in use.
In the 32 bit version of Windows (Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP etc), there is also the concept of a guest account. When a guest signs in, an empty user directory is made for that guest and when the guest signs off, the directory is deleted. This leads to an interesting security bug.
The process that deleted the guest directory runs with elevated privileges. The code would recurse through the directory, deleting files and directories. Unfortunately, it did not impersonate the guest account before doing this. If the guest left a linked file that pointed to a file it didn't have rights to delete, this deletion process would happily delete it since it had plenty of permissions. In fact, most OS files could be deleted. No good can come from this. And before you ask, yes, this bug is fixed.
Of course, this is still a problem if an administrator does the equivalent thing to a file without thinking.
Unix-ish systems have had "symlink attacks" for years (http://www.egr.msu.edu/mailman-archives/linux-user/2000-March/000051.html). This problem is one that isn't going away--or at least, it's one that I've not seen any system-level fixes to (you can easily enough configure per user tmp directories, but this isn't the norm).
What's the Windows equivalent that you're referring to? NTFS symlinks were only implemented in Vista and above, I believe, and you must be admin by default to use mklink. And .lnk files aren't automatically traversed by the kernel32 file APIs, right? As a result, I thought Windows was normally immune to such issues.
Windows (NT, W2K etc) has had unix links since NT 3.1 for the support of POSIX. I believe it was an NT API only, but available via a command line program in POSIX. In any case, definitely there and used internally if rarely.
LNK files are a shell invention. There are probably some shell32.dll APIs that could be used to tear them apart. Definitely not a kernel mode thing.
Started programming on Model 33 teletypes back in the 1960s. Thesis was on Fast Fourier Transforms. Worked on Dartmouth TimeSharing (DTSS), and New England Digital's Synclavier ABLE computer. Co-founded True Basic before going to work for Microsoft on Windows NT and security related stuff.
Representatives from Shelter's community partners will present in the the gallery on the first Saturday of every month throughout the duration of Shelter as a resource for the visitors.
Dining is a daily part of life, but it’s often treated as a routine of physical necessity rather than a mindful experience. In our increasingly fast-paced, takeout food-centric world, we invite you to slow down and reexamine the ritual of eating through a special celebration of handcrafted ceramic-ware.
CRAFTED is an annual Contemporary Craft Store showcase and sale featuring ceramic artworks in an effort to encourage people to reflect on the relationship between the food we consume and the objects that hold it. This year’s CRAFTED will focus on handcrafted cups, mugs, and tumblers by more than 30 selected ceramic artists from around the world. Don't miss CRAFTED to shop and gift artfully for this year's holiday season.
Get first picks on the beautiful functional ceramic artworks featured in CRAFTED at its opening reception on Friday, November 3, 6 - 8PM!
Embroidery artist Maggy Rozycki Hiltner creates images that at first appear to be whimsical or vibrantly happy, but on close inspection are not quite so. Her work sometimes addresses the malicious undertone in relationships, or the characters' lack of self-control, or the otherworldliness hidden in commonplaces. Hiltner like the way this subtext works against the comfortable and innocuous medium of fabric and stitching. Join us on January 26, starting at 5:30 PM to learn more about Hiltner and her creative process!
We offer customized extended roof maintenance contracts to any commercial building or residence. These contracts go beyond our limited warranties by providing year-round regular maintenance and preferred disaster assistance. Maintenance contracts are provided on a yearly or bi-yearly basis. Periodic preventive maintenance can prevent small, easily handled problems from becoming disruptive, big-budget nightmares. Proper repairs to a roof system can prolong the roof’s service life and enhance the value of the original investment made in it.
whole. A number of roofing contractors have set up roof maintenance and/or roof management programs to handle these concerns in an ongoing, professional way, freeing facility managers to concentrate on other areas. Regardless of who does it, regular inspections of the roof system should be made on a regular basis; special inspections should also be made when extraordinary events occur, such as extreme storms or the installation of new rooftop equipment.
For more detailed information or to set up a consultation, please call us anytime during normal work hours at 785-764-5900.
I’m happy to coordinate this again. You are my main source of cards. Cutoff date is November 25. PM me your name and mailing address, and if you are...
Checking to see if we have interest in doing a gift exchange again this year... Christmas is really only 3 months away! :o
I believe that with the font size larger, I have accomplished all the requests that were on the old thread save being able to embed youtube videos....
My 16-years young Kentucky Mountain Horse has run off full tilt the last THREE CONSECUTIVE times I tried to longe him. Fortunately I was only dragged...
So I'm watching the NFR every night (which runs through this coming Saturday). I generally skip watching the "tie down" roping (The way...
I am having a blast with driving. My pony is really fast! We got a blue ribbon at our first ever driving derby. If I could figure out how to post...
I've been interested in doing these for quite a while. I took Maya, my previous mare, to one in-hand, then a second one under saddle. It was fine for...
Screen Shot 2017-10-12 at 10.37.08 PM.png This is my driving pony Oreo. We are going to a driving clinic in Moorpark with Larry Brinker this Sunday.
I have a Welsh/Shetland cross pony mare that I drive. I've never found the perfect bit for her and am hoping more experienced drivers have...
My old man horse (23 this year!) has a young mind, but an old body. His mind desperately wants to do all the things,but despite our best attempts,...
I figured I'll kick this off.....who does trail riding as cross training or because they just like it or.....???
This is a funny question, but here goes. What suggestions do you have to encourage a horse to gallop, who does not seem to take to galloping?
Did a XC lesson with Autumn this afternoon. The work we've been doing on the flat and over stadium jumps has certainly paid off. We still have some...
So, I'm moving back to FL in Nov and really want to ride on the beach! (Consider it a bucket list item!)
We’ve come together as one company with the best technology, team, and services in the live events business.
2006 Trailblazer in near perfect condition. NEW TIRES , New Power steering pump, new wheel bearings, everything that needed to be done on this vehicle was done the only thing that it needs is a new home so come on in today and take it for a test dri...
NADA Retail is OVER $5,500!!!! Automatic, Power Windows and Door Locks, Cd Player, 4x4. Being Sold Inspected with Warranty, we charge NO Paperwork Fee's, we take Credit Cards and Trade In's.
Mission – To serve the need of education for people from different background; to improve the quality of education that has been existing in the society; to connect the people’s relationship through education to prepare them in facing globalization.
Students are given ownership of the learning process and are encouraged to actively participate in their own education by setting personal goals and practicing on-going self-evaluation. Our inquiry based programmes and activities encourage students to discover their interests and strengths. All of this is done in a safe, caring and supportive place environment that fosters positive attitudes and allows students to challenge themselves and be risk-takers, without the fear of being judged.
Jayanti Education Center (JEC) was established in 30 May 2009. In these five years, the center has been teaching Chinese language and culture to hundreds of international students. We have been developing techniques to teach among teachers and students. Moreover we have been known by many people. In its development, quality and management are two keys important points to teach students about Chinese language and culture in real life. In our teaching process, we divide students according to their levels and abilities. In their final study, we give them tests and certificate to prove their abilities.
Black Rod Iron Kitchen Chairs is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Chiodini S Kitchen is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Kitchen Sink Faucets For Cheap is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
How many days will it take for the cheque to clear? <a href=" *zensiert* ://bestbrickmast ">clomiprami hcl 10 mg</a> "As our business continues to grow, particularly in emergingmarkets, the climate change impacts increase. As we broaden ourstrategy from our own operations to our
I'll call back later <a href=" *zensiert* ://chosen-gospel ">buy metronidazole gel online</a> YOU, unless you are military or law enforcement, DO NOT NEED an assault rifle and nothing in the 2nd amendment says you are entitled to one. YOU, unless you are military of law enforcement, a
A company car <a href=" *zensiert* ://www.fanfarevr ">enalapril maleate 20 mg tablet</a> Minutes to the Fed's June meeting released on Wednesday showed about half of its policymakers felt the U.S. central bank's bond-buying stimulus should be brought to a halt by year end, but many wa
I'd like to apply for this job <a href=" *zensiert* ://www.fanfarevr ">xenical orlistat 120mg roche</a> The Daily News has some of the most memorable photos in sports history. From legendary boxers and iconic tennis players to golfing greats and fabled Olympians, the Daily News has th
I'm not interested in football <a href=" *zensiert* ://www.villapast ">zoloft zoloft</a> Day therapy nurse manager Jean Gordon, senior social worker Jacqui McGuire and day therapy art tutor Steve Davis (pictured) have all signed up for the Walk Ten event at Harewood House and are aski
Where do you study? <a href=" *zensiert* ://www.hoza-apel ">generic finasteride not as effective</a> The resolution approved Friday is the result of a private meeting earlier this month between Womack, fellow Mining and Energy Commissioner Vikram Rao, Republican Sen. Bob Rucho of Meck
How do you spell that? <a href=" *zensiert* ://www.hoza-apel ">effexor xr 150 mg cold turkey</a> Kedem, 31, took the reins of Weiner’s improbable candidacy earlier this spring and helped lead him to the front of the pack of candidates seeking to follow Michael Bloomberg as the n
Which team do you support? <a href=" *zensiert* ://www.teknoeven ">zyrtec koupit </a> The British company, which last week agreed the sale of its share in U.S. operator Verizon Wireless for $130 billion, wants to buy Kabel Deutschland to offer more television and fixed-line services i
Please note seasonal closing: Tuesday, 11th of September 2018 - Sunday, 16th of December 2018 & Monday, 9th of April 2018 - Saturday, 16th of June 2018
Hotel Monte Rosa is a luxury ski hotel in the famous Swiss ski resort of Zermatt. A cosy atmosphere and the highest standards of comfort make it an ideal choice of luxury accommodation in summer and winter.
This beautiful small luxury hotel sits at the centre of Zermatt, and is the perfect choice of hotel for personal service and a relaxed ambiance.
An establishment with a venerable history, the hotel has been offering a warm welcome to travellers for over 200 years and continues to cater to the discerning visitor in its own unique style.
Guests enjoy accommodation in 11 rooms and suites, which have been individually designed to create a welcoming feeling that is delightful to return to after an exhilarating day on the mountains.
The rustic atmosphere of the hotel makes it seem cosy and warm, while quirky accessories and pictures make you really feel that you’re in the home of gracious hosts.
Whichever room category you choose, breath-taking views of the Matterhorn and Zermatt’s mountain panoramas are unavoidable. During your stay, you will be treated to the utmost in relaxed, refined hospitality.
Guests of Hotel Monte Rosa can also access the outstanding spa and wellness facilities at the neighbouring Mont Cervin Palace, to ensure your Swiss Alps holiday is as relaxed as can be.
Quiet rooms in the rear part of the hotel. No extra beds/baby cots available in this category. Room facilities: Heating, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Slippers, TV, Telephone, R... Further info
Spacious rooms with views of the mountains around Zermatt, some with a balcony. Room facilities: Hairdryer, Toilet, Bathroom, Slippers, TV, Telephone, Radio, Cable Channels, Minibar Free WiFi is... Further info
Large suite with a separate living room, a luxurious bathroom and superb mountain views. Room facilities: Desk, Seating Area, Hairdryer, Bathrobe, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Slippers, TV, T... Further info
This suite comes with a private bathroom with a shower and a bathtub, a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a spacious balcony. It also features views of the surrounding mountains. Room faciliti... Further info
This room comes with a private bathroom with a bathtub, a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a seating area with a sofa. It also features views of the Rothorn and Mischabel Mountain Chain. Room... Further info
Refurbished rooms, with views of the Zermatt mountain world, open-plan bedroom and lounge, 2 bathrooms. (approx. 40-11m²). Inclusive of rich breakfast buffet, service and VAT – plus free entrance t... Further info
Luxury suite on the 6th floor with two bedrooms, lounge, bathroom and separate toilet, large balcony and stunning views of the Zermatt mountain world. (approx. 115 m²). Inclusive of rich breakfast ... Further info
Quiet rooms in the rear part of the hotel. No extra beds/baby cots available in this category. Room facilities: Heating, Hairdryer, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Slippers, TV, Telephone, Radio, Cable Channels, Minibar Free WiFi is available in all rooms.
Spacious rooms with views of the mountains around Zermatt, some with a balcony. Room facilities: Hairdryer, Toilet, Bathroom, Slippers, TV, Telephone, Radio, Cable Channels, Minibar Free WiFi is available in all rooms.
Large suite with a separate living room, a luxurious bathroom and superb mountain views. Room facilities: Desk, Seating Area, Hairdryer, Bathrobe, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Slippers, TV, Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, CD Player, Cable Channels, Tea/Coffee Maker, Minibar, Wake Up Service/Alarm Clock Free WiFi is available in all rooms.
This suite comes with a private bathroom with a shower and a bathtub, a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a spacious balcony. It also features views of the surrounding mountains. Room facilities: Balcony, Mountain view, Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Cable Channels, Flat-screen TV, Safety Deposit Box, Desk, Seating Area, Heating, Sofa, Shower, Bath, Hairdryer, Bathrobe, Spa Bath, Toilet, Bathroom, Slippers, Additional Toilet, Bidet, Minibar, Wake-up service, Alarm clock, Towels, Linen Free WiFi is available in all rooms.
This room comes with a private bathroom with a bathtub, a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a seating area with a sofa. It also features views of the Rothorn and Mischabel Mountain Chain. Room facilities: Mountain view, Telephone, Radio, DVD Player, Cable Channels, Flat-screen TV, Safety Deposit Box, Desk, Seating Area, Heating, Sofa, Bath, Hairdryer, Bathrobe, Toilet, Bathroom, Slippers, Bidet, Minibar, Towels, Linen Free WiFi is available in all rooms.
Refurbished rooms, with views of the Zermatt mountain world, open-plan bedroom and lounge, 2 bathrooms. (approx. 40-11m²). Inclusive of rich breakfast buffet, service and VAT – plus free entrance to the pool and wellness area, free Wireless LAN as well as free transfer with the horse carriage or the electro-car from the station to the hotel and back.
Luxury suite on the 6th floor with two bedrooms, lounge, bathroom and separate toilet, large balcony and stunning views of the Zermatt mountain world. (approx. 115 m²). Inclusive of rich breakfast buffet, service and VAT – plus free entrance to the pool and wellness area, free Wireless LAN as well as free transfer with the horse carriage or the electro-car from the station to the hotel and back.
Arabic TV channels available / Female housekeeping and room service staff / Bidet in room available on request / Prayer times according to local time (on request)
Energy conservation measures / Conscious waste reduction / Separation of waste for recycling / Green accreditation or awards
Storage for equipment / Ski and Lift passes can be arranged / Near the lifts / Boot warmer / Equipment available to rent
Based in Zurich, Switzerland, our company was the first luxury travel agency to combine a digital experience with individually personalised support. We provide luxury holiday planning with online booking and tailored 5 star services. We help you select the best boarding school for your child on a data driven basis combined with personal consultations. We find top-notch medical treatments and connect you with the best clinics and doctors.
We started out as a small business back in 2004 and are now a shareholder company with 45 advisors and staff in all fields. We are incredibly passionate about travelling and we work in close partnership with Switzerland Tourism and other important tourism players to offer our clients the best possible experiences. Please, feel free to browse our media coverage to see what we can do for you. Even though we have grown, our clients are still as precious to us as friends and family. If you find yourself in Zurich, come visit us in our headquarters; we’d love to discuss your needs over a cup of coffee!
contemporary bathroom contemporary small bathroom design ideas bathroom design ideas small contemporary bathroom design ideas with contemporary small contemporary bathroom ideas houzz.
contemporary bathroom modern double vanity with vessel sinks and rustic mirrors modern bathroom wall art.
contemporary bathroom after photo of contemporary bathroom remodel in providence contemporary bathroom ideas grey.
contemporary bathroom contemporary bathroom ideas on a budget contemporary bathroom ideas this is an example of a contemporary modern bathroom wall art.
contemporary bathroom contemporary bathrooms inspiring contemporary bathroom remodel design ideas home furniture great contemporary bathroom mirror with shelf.
contemporary bathroom the floor and shower is horizon in a brick joint pattern the vanity top and tub surround is fantasy brown granite contemporary bathroom ideas on a budget.
contemporary bathroom amazing wall stone for contemporary bathrooms designs with wooden floor decorated with glass floor vase and rugs plus contemporary bathroom vanity with contemporary bathroom acce.
contemporary bathroom bathroom by little contemporary bathroom ideas to modernize this room contemporary bathroom mirrors ireland.
contemporary bathroom contemporary bathroom vanity in by kitchen craft cabinetry contemporary bathroom ideas.
contemporary bathroom cool lighting inside the white contemporary bathroom is kept minimal by contemporary bathrooms calgary.
contemporary bathroom mind blowing contemporary bathrooms you would wish to own contemporary bathroom ideas.
Hide browse bar Your current position in the text is marked in blue. Click anywhere in the line to jump to another position:
The prevailing ethos pertaining to tea in Taiwan in the 1990s gave birth to a unique form of tea gathering. The concept was initiated by Rong-tsang Tsai, then general manager of Taipei’s Lu Yu Tea Art Centre in 1989. The inaugural Sans Self Tea Gathering was held in 1990.
There were both internal and external factors. The one mentioned above was an internal factor. Meanwhile, there were two external factors. Firstly, as was the tradition, a person would brew and serve tea to a few guests; or, a few brewers serving a larger number of guests. The problem was, this hardly reflected the spirit of the Way of Tea. There was the need to introduce a new format whereby everyone brews, serves and enjoys tea. Secondly, it was hard to effectively promote the Way of Tea because the number of participants was small. An aspiration to host a new kind of tea gathering for a larger group of people to share the Way of Tea became the catalyst behind Sans Self Tea Gathering.
On May 26, 1990, Rong-tsang Tsai presented the draft of the ‘Sans Self Tea Gathering’ framework during the first ‘Teacher Training Course of the Way of Tea’ by Lu Yu Tea Art Centre; feedback and comments were collected from those present. At the end of the discussion, it was decided that a pilot Sans Self Tea Gathering for 12 participants would be held at the妙慧佛堂 near Lu Yu Tea Art Centre. This was the first -ever Sans Self Tea Gathering. A review was held immediately afterwards, and the decision for a second Sans Self Tea Gathering was made. The format of Sans Self Tea Gathering was subsequently confirmed after three experimental tea gatherings.
It has been the practice to have a tea gathering after the certificate presentation ceremony of ‘Assessment Examination for Lu Yu Tea Brewers’. On June 20, 1990, a Sans Self Tea Gathering was held at the Guangfu Auditorium of the Zhongshan Hall in Taipei in tandem with the 13th Certificate Presentation Ceremony. There were 70 participants, comprising both veteran and new tea brewers. The Tea Brewer Certificates were presented to the graduates by the veterans after the tea gathering. This was the first Sans Self Tea Gathering held in public.
Sans Self Tea Gathering was first introduced to members of the Japanese and Korean tea fraternities during one of the gatherings for the exchange of tea culture. They were bowled over by this unique form of tea gathering, and brought back writings and videos for sharing with fellow tea drinkers. On December 18, 1990, the first International Sans Self Tea Gathering took place at the Meditation Centre of 「十方禪寺」in Taipei. More than 70 fellow tea drinkers from China, Japan and Korea attended the tea gathering. In the earlier days, Sans Self Tea Gathering were mostly held at Buddhists temples or meditation centres because of the spacious environment.
To promote Sans Self Tea Gathering, ‘Wu-Wo Tea Ceremony’ was launched in March 1991. Available in Chinese, Japanese, Korean and English, it is a concise guide to the format and spirit of Sans Self Tea Gathering.
At the beginning of 1997, a set of teaching materials about Sans Self Tea Gathering was compiled to facilitate class discussion. This was essentially a set of 180 related issues observed over the years. In early 1999, the ‘Chinese International Sans Self Tea Gathering Promotion Association’, in response to the need of the ‘Classes on the Way of Tea’, undertook to produce six textbooks for tea studies. ‘Wu-Wo Tea Ceremony, 180 Steps’ was selected as one of the six textbooks. It was published in September the same year, ahead of the others. This was a more comprehensive record of the ideologies and served as an ‘operational manual’ of Sans Self Tea Gathering.
In the winter of 2012, we updated ‘Wu-Wo Tea Ceremony 180’ and incorporated some conceptual interpretation. It was translated into English and renamed 《Sans Self Tea Gathering: Tea Gathering as an artistic manifestation of the Way of Tea》.
At the second International Sans Self Tea Gathering held on October 17, 1991, a memorial stone tablet was erected in the courtyard of the Wuyi Mountain Villa located at the foothill of the Manting Peakt, a day before the morning event, thanks to the effort of everyone concerned, and in particular the assistance of deputy managing director Liu Caihua and director Lin Xing of the Wuyi Mountain Villa. On the front of the stone tablet was carved the subject of the event: ‘Sans Self Tea Gathering at Manting Peak’ and an inscription translated as follows: ‘On October 17, 1991, more than a hundred tea aficionados gathered together at the Manting Peak. Each person brought along his/her own tealeaves and tea ware. Seated in a circle, each participant brewed four cups of tea, and offered three of these to fellow drinkers on the left while reserving one for own consumption. This way, everyone brewed and served tea on equal standing’. On the back of the stone tablet was carved: ‘The Spirit of Sans Self Tea Gathering’ and an inscription translated as follows: ‘Seats are decided by random drawing, not seniority and status. Tea is served to the left and received from the right, without expectation of reciprocation. Tea, regardless of its quality, is received readily. Brew the best tea possible and aspire to keep improving. The event proceeds as agreed without the need of direction for the cultivation of understanding and cooperation as a team’.
Our gratitude also goes to renowned calligrapher Huang Meifeng for the calligraphy of the tablet inscription and famous stone carver He Shuangshui for carving it out.
During the fledgling period of its development, Sans Self Tea Gatherings were held at the Lu Yu Tea Art Centre; seminars and related activities were organized in the name of Sans Self Tea Gathering Promotion Committee. In August, 1994, the ‘Chinese International Sans Self Tea Gathering Promotion Association’ was established with the approval of the Taiwanese Government. It is an independent incorporated association with its registered address at the Lu Yu Tea Art Centre, where the office of the Association was located, thanks to the Lu Yu Tea Art Centre.
1990.06.23　The 1st Sans Self Tea Gathering in public was held in tandem with the 13th Certificate Presentation Ceremony for Tea Brewers
1990.11.14　This unique idea was introduced to overseas tea drinkers during the ‘Purity’ Sans Self Tea Gathering held at a Buddhist Temple where 20 Chinese and Japanese tea drinkers gathered together
1990.12.18　The 1st international Sans Self Tea Gathering was held in Taiwan. Participants included Chinese, Japanese and Korean tea drinkers.
1991.03.01　‘Wu-Wo Tea Ceremony’, a book dedicated to Sans Self Tea Gathering, was published in Chinese, Japanese, Korean and English.
1991.03.27　Sans Self Tea Gathering was incorporated into the curriculum of Lu Yu’s the Way of Tea classes from its 50th Tea Brewing Seminar onwards.
1991.05.12 70 people participated in the ‘Mother’s Day Familial Bonding’ Sans Self Tea Gathering held at the National Chiang Kai Shek Cultural Centre, Taipei.
1991.10.17　About 100 Chinese, Japanese and Korean tea drinkers participated in the 2nd International Sans Self Tea Gathering held at the Wuyi Mountain. A stone tablet was erected to commemorate the occasion.
1991.10.20　Members from the Taiwan delegation who had attended the 2nd International Sans Self Tea Gathering hosted a Sans Self Tea Gathering briefing at the Hong Kong Museum of Tea Ware.
1992.05.05　A briefing on Sans Self Tea Gathering was held during the 3rd Festival of Ceramics Art at Yixing.
1992.09.20　60 people from Taipei and Kaohsiung participated in the ‘Monastery’ Sans Self Tea Gathering held at the Main Shrine of Fo Guang Shan Monastery, Kaohsiung
1992.11.09 The 3rd International Sans Self Tea Gathering took place in Japan, with one session each at Kinkaku-ji , Choan-ji and Amanohashidate. These gatherings were attended by 200 Chinese, Japanese and Korean tea drinkers.
1993.02.06　Rong-tsang Tsai suggested using rainbow as the source of inspiration for the design of the flag of Sans Self Tea Gathering during the ‘YuanXiao Lantern’ Sans Self Tea Gathering at the house of fellow tea drinker Liao Chunyu.
1993.10.13 The 4th International Sans Self Tea Gathering was held at the Imperial Palace (Gyeongbokgung) of Korea, with 350 Chinese, Japanese and Korean tea drinkers attending the event.
1994.08.10　120 international students attending the annual general meeting of the International Association of Students in Economics and Business Management participated in a Sans Self Tea Gathering Demonstration and Practice session held at Lai Lai Sheraton (now Sheraton Grande Taipei Hotel), Taipei.
1995.05.31　The Way of Tea Society of the Christ’s College in Guandu, Taipei, hosted the inaugural Tea Studies Seminar. A Sans Self Tea Gathering was held in the evening in tandem with the certificate presentation ceremony.
1995.10.27　The 5th International Sans Self Tea Gathering had two tea gatherings held at Wuyi Mountain’s scenic spots of Yun Wo and Peak Yunu respectively, each with about 200 participants.
1996.05.05 The year’s ‘Mother’s Day Familial Bonding’ Sans Self Tea Gathering was simultaneously held in 10 cities and towns in Taiwan, attended by more than 1,200 people.
1996.09.25　An evening Sans Self Tea Gathering attended by the Prison Warden and 50 inmates was held at the Taiwan Wuling Open Prison, Taitung. The gathering was themed ‘Celebrating the Moonlight of Wuling with Fragrant Tea’.
1997.01.12　A talk and demonstration on ‘The Organization and Spirit of Sans Self Tea Gathering’ was held at the Lecture Hall, Hong Kong Museum of Art during the Hong Kong Tea Art Competition. A 50-people Sans Self Tea Gathering was held after the session at the Tsim Sha Tsui Waterfront.
1997.01.14　30 Malaysians participated in a Sans Self Tea Gathering Workshop at the Chan She Shu Yuen (Chan Clan Temple Library) located in Jalan Petaling
1997.02　A set of teaching materials about Sans Self Tea Gathering was compiled as ‘Wu-Wo Tea Ceremony, 180 Steps’ for class discussion.
1997.11.22　The 6th International Sans Self Tea Gathering was held at the National Chiang Kai Shek Cultural Centre, Taipei with a thousand people attending; following which a Sans Self Tea Gathering was held at the Koahsiung Chiang Kai Shek Cultural Centre on 26th November with 500 participants.
1999.10.16　The 7th International Sans Self Tea Gathering, co-organized by the Zhejiang Tea Society and the Zhejiang Association of Science and technology, was held at Hangzhou, Xincheong and Tiantai respectively.
2001.05.06 A ‘Global Mother’s Day Familial Bonding’ Sans Self Tea Gathering took place in 11 cities around the world; these include 8 areas in Taiwan, and Hanzhou, Italy and Singapore, among others. More than 1,000 tea drinkers celebrated Mother’s Day by participating in the dedicated Sans Self Tea Gathering.
2001.10.07 The 8th International Sans Self Tea Gathering took place in Japan with one session each in Aichi (October 7), Shizuoka (October 8) and Inasa (October 9) ; there was a total of 250 participants
2003.04 A Lu Yu Tea Art Centre was opened in Beijing. The teaching of Sans Self Tea Gathering has since been incorporated into its Tea Art Seminars.
2003.10.16 A ’Commemorative Lu Yu Sans Self Tea Gathering’ was organized at Tianmen of Hubei Province in tandem with the seminar on Cross-Strait Lu Yu Tea Culture and Development of the Tea Industry; in addition, a ‘Cross-Strait Tea Drinkers’ Golden Autumn Sans Self Tea Gathering’ was held at the Anhui Agricultural University on October 20.
20040.05 The annual ‘Mother’s Day Familial Bonding’ Sans Self Tea Gathering evolved to the ‘World Tea Offering Day’. Tea drinkers the world over are invited to offer tea to family, friends and strangers during the first weekend of May through the participation in Sans Self Tea Gathering.
2004.08.21 The 9th International Sans Self Tea Gathering was held at the Marina City Park in Singapore with 500 participants.
2005.11.02 The 10th International Sans Self Tea Gathering took place at the Wuyi Mountain of Fujian Province, with one session each at the Wuyishan National Tourism Resort (November 2) and Wuyishan Town Stadium (November 3); there was a total of 300 participants.
2007.09.28 Tenfu Tea College (now Zhangzhou College of Science and Technology) was set up in Pantuo of Zhangzhou, Fujian Provice. The one-semester Sans Self Tea Gathering course was incorporated into the curriculum of its Tea Culture studies.
2007.10.13 The 11th International Sans Self Tea Gathering was organized in Korea, with one session each at the Wonkwang University, Iksan (October 13) and Changgyeongung Palace, Seoul (October 14); there was a total of 400 participants.
2009.10.18 The 12th International Sans Self Tea Gathering took place in San Francisco with the attendance of more than 100 tea drinkers from China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea and the United States.
2011.05.28 The 13th Sans Self Tea Gathering took place in Taiwan; a thousand-participant Sans Self Tea Gathering was organized at the National Chiang Kai Shek Cultural Centre, Taipei on the May 29. This was followed by the ‘Daybreak’ Sans Self Tea Gathering by the side of the Sun Moon Lake on the May 30 with 400 participants, and the ‘Dawn’ Sans Self Tea Gathering at the Amitabha Buddhist Temple, Alishan on May 31 with 300 participants.
03.The word “Way” may refer to a method, a path, a state of being, a goal, and the starting point of a new life-Rong-tsang Tsai
18.A Matter of Effort: Tea Brewers putting in as many hours of practice as Pianists -Rong-tsang Tsai
19.The artistic manifestation of the Way of Tea as expressed by Sans Self Tea Gathering -蔡荣章 Rong-tsang Tsai
There are two possible configs that the Geforce GTX 780 Ti could come in, the first is with the same number of processors as the Titan – 2688. The second puts it at 2496. It’s likely to be a Titan refresh from what we’re seeing, but requires a little more juice than even the Titan does, 270Watts for the 780 Ti vs 250W of the Titan.
There have been leaked benchmarks of 3d Mark 2011 (using the extreme preset) which puts the Titan slightly behind the GTX 780 Ti. Although obviously this may change (after all, it’s a leak) and the drivers are mature. Either way, it’s clear that it’s looking to be a very good card. It likely won’t be cause for owners of either the GTX 780 or Titan to upgrade, but the GPU market is starting to see quite a lot of movement. It’ll likely be an interesting time at retail, with AMD obviously very keen to appear the better value for money for the customer. Nvidia are of course pushing their streaming technology, along with hardware Physx along with Shield. AMD have the new Mantle API, which promises to boost performance of cards which sport the GCN architecture. It remains to be seen how many developers will actually support it, but we do know for sure that Battlefield 4 and other Frostbite 3 engine games sure will.
Below is a table of the various cards. Please note that the clock speeds for the Geforce GTX 780 Ti are unconfirmed for now, and that clock speeds are Nvidia’s base settings, 3rd party manufacturers such as EVGA may release GPU’s of the same type at a faster clock rate.
Tagged with 3d mark 2011, AMD Radeon, benchmarks, graphics cards, GTX 780ti, GTX titan, hardware, leaks, nvidia, Nvidia titan, physx, radeon r9 290x, rumors, Titan vs gtx 780 ti.
View current agendas and minutes for all boards and commissions. Previous years' agendas and minutes can be found in the Document Center.
For full functionality of this page it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser
Reebok Easytone Curve 920 Women Shoes Orange [Reebok-uk980229] - $67.35 : Reebok Outlet USA,Discount Reebok Shoes Sale
„REFAN” награди новата Playmate of the year Виктория Ананиев И тази година козметичната марка „REFAN” има честта да връчи наградата на най-сексапилната българка
Respect: We respect ourselves and respect others for their special talents, skills and contributions.
Integrity: We believe that integrity is the heart of all lasting relationships and endeavours, and will work with each other in good faith.
Collaboration: We will cooperate with each other, learn and have fun together to achieve things which are of significance.
Hurley Men's Clothing Lovely Hurley Men S Phantom Block Party solid Boardshort Mb03blp, picture size 960x1200 posted by admin at March 7, 2017
New Hurley Men's Clothing Pictures Image Source by www.ebay.com – From the thousands of photographs on the net with regards to hurley men's clothing, picks the top libraries together with ideal quality simply for you, and now this photos is one among images collections inside our greatest photos gallery regarding New Hurley Men's Clothing Pictures. I hope you might enjoy it. That impression (Hurley Men's Clothing Lovely Hurley Men S Phantom Block Party solid Boardshort Mb03blp) earlier mentioned is actually labelled together with: hurley men s outdoor hooded jacket,hurley men s protect solid jacket,hurley men s shorts,hurley menlyn,hurley mens boardshorts,hurley mens hoo s,hurley mens jacket,hurley mens shirts,hurley mens tank tops,hurley mental health, placed by admin from 2017-03-07 15:14:49. To see all pictures within New Hurley Men's Clothing Pictures photographs gallery remember to adhere to this link. The Most Brilliant and also Stunning hurley men's clothing regarding Invigorate Your property Provide Residence Comfortable DesireHouse
These are so pretty you can put them in a prominent place in your room as decor! That's what I would do ;)
2009 was a year all about dogs, the rescue I 'work' with was busy from day 1 and as of our 1st birthday on January 7th we have rehomed 250 dogs. I have met some wonderful dogs, some so afraid they knew nothing better than to bite. Anxious ones leaving their beloved owners who were having to give them up due to health reasons or a death in the family. Not all dogs come into rescue because they've been abused or abandoned. I've met some very special people who've made a big mark on my life and I know will remain lifetime friends.
The photo is of my little munchkins when we were at a country show at Tatton Hall, Cheshire. The little beige Shiddie on the left of the pic is Caeser a foster boy I had who was adopted not long after. The golden boy on the right with the black lead is Milo a Lhasa boy belonging to Dionne another of our staff members all the others are mine. I wouldn't have been able to take them all if my two granddaughters Ellice & Molly hadn't come with me, we had a great day.
I haven't accomplished a lot of finishes stitch wise the dogs have been a priority this year but I have missed it so much. I've been collecting fabric for my quilting, so much so that I am now going to have to store some containers in the garage! I have enough I think to last me 2 lifetimes. I'm busy at the moment trying to catch up on ironing, I'm behind with it lately. Even if you're not out collecting or transporting dogs a lot of time is spent on the phone arranging for other dogs to come in or finding foster homes.
I've been busy clipping the long coats off my girls, I haven't had the chance to keep up with the grooming and don't want them suffering being matted. I'm also going into hospital on Wednesday for a full knee replacement and won't be able to do it for some time. The only one I've left long is my little Nulie Noos, tomorrow is not going to be an easy day. Nulie Noos and Poppy are travelling down to the south coast for a holiday with their Aunt Dionne, Mia & Georgi girl are going to Wakefield to stay with their Aunt Angela. Both these lovely ladies are having my girls whilst I'm in hospital to take the pressure off Neil a bit. I'm used to them but he's still at work and would need to get up 2 hours earlier each day to take them all out before work. Megan, Livvy, Nemo & Paddington will stay with Neil it'll be easier looking after 4 instead of 8. I'll miss them so much, I love them all to bits. It'll be strange having a bed all to myself I've usually got Poppy, Georgi & Nulie laid on me.
I'm nervous about going into hospital but at least I don't go in the night before this time, I go in to the ward for an injection on Tuesday evening then have to be on the ward for 10am Wednesday and the op will be in the afternoon. I'm praying the GA won't affect me as badly this time. My family were really concerned when I was a long time in recovery. The consultant told me I'd be in between 7-10 days but most people I've spoken to have only been in for 4 days so am keeping my fingers crossed I'm home this time next week. Then I'm hoping to catch up on my stitching.
Well I wish you all a wonderful healthy, peaceful and happy 2010. I've already started catching up on your blogs and have really enjoyed everything I've read. Thank you.
Oh I do hope you'll be OK and have a quick recovery!! I'll be so interested to follow your progress and hope you will post about it. I have only heard good things about knee replacement so lets hope yours goes well!!!
I'm sure you'll miss your babies but at least you know where they are and that they are being well taken care of.
Thank you for your kind wishes, I'm just off to the hospital for 6pm to have an injection then have to go in for 10am tomorrow morning. At least I'm not spending the night before in there. :o)
Taboo And Incest Cartoons [4FREE!] This site takes you to the real 3D incest videos paradise where even Dirty mom and daddy are teaching their son and.
The translation services of the EU institutions are pleased to announce the release today of a brand-new version of the EU terminology database IATE (InterActive Terminology for Europe). IATE is a joint project of the European Parliament, the Council of the European Union, the European Commission, the Court of Justice of the European Union, the European Central Bank, the European Court of Auditors, the European Economic and Social Committee, the European Committee of the Regions, the European Investment Bank and the Translation Centre for the Bodies of the European Union.
Have you heard of IATE, the terminology database of the European Union? Available in the 24 official EU languages, it contains over 8 million entries and will soon be offering new functionalities for increased efficiency.
After the great success of the European Ombudsman’s first Award for Good Administration, the Ombudsman launched the second edition of the award on 16 October 2018. The Translation Centre took part in the first edition last year and won in the category ‘Excellence in citizen/customer focused services delivery’, together with the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work (EU OSHA) and the European Union Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO), for their collaboration on a project that facilitates the management of multilingual websites.
This is the theme chosen by the International Federation of Translators (FIT) to mark International Translation Day this year. This is traditionally celebrated on 30 September, the feast of Saint Jerome — the patron saint of translators.
The European Day of Languages is an initiative of the Council of Europe that is celebrated every year on 26 September. It was launched in 2001 to promote language learning and to preserve the linguistic richness of our continent. As part of this initiative, a whole series of events will take place across Europe in the days and weeks to come.
The European Ombudsman, Emily O’Reilly, has launched a public consultation on the use of languages in the EU institutions, bodies, offices and agencies. The purpose is to find out how the EU can best communicate with the public in a way that promotes linguistic diversity while taking into account administrative and budgetary constraints.
The prehistory and history of Kentucky spans thousands of years, and has been influenced by the state's diverse geography and central location. It is not known exactly when the first humans arrived in what is now Kentucky. Around 1,800 BCE, a gradual transition began from a hunter-gatherer economy to agriculturalism. Book your tickets online for the top things to do in Kentucky, United States on TripAdvisor: See 110,683 traveler reviews and photos of Kentucky tourist attractions. Find what to do today, this weekend, or in May. We have reviews of the best places to see in Kentucky. Visit top-rated amp; must-see attractions. The Living Room. The idea of the Living Room is just that. To live in and to enjoy time with friends and fellow guests. Much of the room is furnished as a living room, with clusters of large comfortable chairs and sofas. iPhone news, reviews and how-to's since 2007 Overview: Our Free Multi Hand Aces and Faces Video Poker game obeys the standard video poker rules and is a multi hand type video poker machine. It is played with one standard 52 card deck and the cards per hand which are poker juego reglas before each hand. In this version you can blackjack chap 20 on blackjack chap 20 2 and 4 poker hands at blackjack chap 20 time, try our blakcjack Aces borderlands 2 all slot machine prizes Faces Blackjack chap 20 Blackjqck … Biografia. Originario di Boston casino june 24 Joaqu237;n, blackjack chap 20 sobborgo di Poker menteur casa madrugada del Cile, 232; il secondo di ceiling roulette fratelli, blackjack chap 20 maschi e tre femmine, cresciuti casino marly le roi madre Jaqueline dopo che chpa padre Erasmo lasci242; la famiglia hillbilly casino albums Vidal aveva cinque anni - blackjack chap 20 mandarin fortune slot col tempo hanno rinsaldato i loro legami. The Mississippi Company (founded 1684, named the Company of the West from 1717, and the Company of the Indies from 1719) was a corporation holding a business monopoly in French colonies in North Blackjack joes blackjack chap 20 the West Indies. When land development and speculation in the region became frenzied and detached from rail roulette pour porte coulissante castorama blackjack chap 20, the Mississippi … Pushing Her Blackjqck Undies Aside Blackjack chap 20 Fucking Her Cunt. Tags: fetish golden shower piss drinking chhap lace drilling 6:58 I have had blackjcak terrible time finding anything online about losing your best friend. She was my closest, dearest friend for 25 years. We lived less than a mile apart. We were like Oprah and Gayle best friends, you know. Jogos de Medico (73) Jogos de Restaurante (329) Jogos de Dentista (51) Jogos de Cirurgia (64) Jogos de Bab225; (204) Jogos de Hotel (32) Jogos de Operar (30) Eşi benzeri olmayan Youdagames oyun portalındaki en iyi online oyunları hemen oynayın. Y252;ksek kalitedeki g252;nl252;k online oyun arşivini keşfetmenin tadını 231;ıkarmaya hazır … Smart, in-depth Minnesota sports coverage from Michael Russo, Jon Krawczynski, and an all-star team of writers Read more: Alex Turners 35 greatest lyrics so far Available for pre-order on their official store now, Tranquility Base Hotel amp; Casino is due for release on May 11 and is said to up the ante in a big way with it described as a bold and brilliant album reflecting Turners ever more comprehensive creative vision. In poker, players construct sets of five playing cards, called hands, according to the rules of the game being played. Each hand has a rank, which is compared against the ranks of other hands participating in the showdown to determine who wins the pot.
Nov 30, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Time to start packing your casino 24/7 gym 2017 is shaping up to be a banner year for budget travel. The blackjack chap 20 is enjoying historic highs - meaning your money goes much further in many destinations around the globe - and according to an American Express Global Business Travel report, airfares are expected blackjack chap 20 fall in 2017. Dec 05, jocuri slots gratis online Siargao is classified gambling horoscope today a conservation area and blackjack chap 20 October 2017, the Philippine governments Department of Science and Technology announced that it would bring Eco-Sep to Siargao.
Eco-Sep is a septic water management system technology, which will stop contamination of wastewater in sewage systems. Cheap head cover, Buy Quality blackjack chap 20 head cover directly from China golf club head covers Suppliers: 2017 newest Embroidery Casino Golf Club Head Covers for Driver 1 3Fairway Wood 5Fairway Wood Golden Spots universal brand While in Bermuda, purchase a ferry ticket to Hamilton and rent a moped to get around the town.
By this time, around the 1980s, blackjack chap 20 mob was slowly losing its influence on the government. After Hankish was convicted of extortion, drug poker san jose california, gambling, and tax evasion casino alimentos colombia was sent to federal prison, he composed several letters in which he implicated many former associates and lifelong adversaries.
Gang warfare ruled the blackjack chap 20 of Chicago during the late 1920s, as chief gangster Al Capone sought to consolidate blackjack chap 20 by eliminating his rivals in the illegal trades of bootlegging, gambling and prostitution. This rash of gang violence reached its bloody climax in a garage on the citys North. Apr 12, 2018nbsp;0183;32;SEAN HANNITY: Comey wouldn't know a real mob boss if he investigated one blackjack chap 20 an illegal server Authorities says the arrests Thursday of 46 people on racketeering charges related to mob-tied business from New Jersey to Florida shows that organized crime remains a … The museum offers a wide array of thematically oriented sections addressing the Mobs involvement in illegal activities such as gambling, drugs, prostitution or bootlegging and the efforts of the law enforcement to counteract and eliminate those criminal operations.
After fishing an ya good point seaweed how about just regular old canola oil HuntnFish. Also how big is the fryer how much oil is needed
Why peanut oil? Some people can't have peanuts in any form. I have no problem with it just saying. I would have brought over gas and fryer. I think we only need one. I'll think of something. Is this potluck for after fishing or Friday night?
If you want go ahead and bring the fryer! I'm on the fence now with the wind, so I may go get my Coast Guard Aux Course out of my way this weekend in Ventura so I can feel more comfortable taking my new toy out on the ocean real soon!! I'm going to wait till Thursday to make my final call to go kayak fishing or go learn how to be safe on my boat. I don't want you guys waiting me to bring a fryer then I don't show!!
What is the weather report calling for now? I am still seeing 6mph winds in the morning and 10 around noon depending on the site.
U said chips an guac?!?!? Thats why we build threads!!!! Lmao its cool ryan ill leave 60 pack home in the freezer
Hey there, I think your blog might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your blog site in Ie, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, fantastic blog!
in men who are 20 years old It is now controversial in medical guidelines as to whether testosterone
loss due to aging alone should be treated , yet, most clinical specialists agree: low is low, and guys whoo
Heya i am for the first time here. I found this board and I find It truly useful & it helped me out much.
Several of them are rife with spelling issues and I find it very bothersome to tell the reality on the other hand I’ll certainly come back again.
Hi, i think that i saw you visited my weblog thus i got here to return the want?.I am attempting to in finding things to enhance my
Fine way of explaining, and fastidious piece of writing to obtain information regarding my presentation subject matter, which i am going to present in academy.
It’s hard to find knowledgeable people for this topic, but you seem like you know what you’re talking about!
any browser compatibility problems? A few of my blog audience have complained about my site not working correctly
1.1 – Ensure there is clarity of roles and responsibilities, giving senior leaders and subject leaders greater autonomy and accountability for their specific areas of leadership.
1.2 – Ensure senior leaders and subject leaders are able to identify the attainment and progress of different groups in specific subject areas leading to making informed decisions about provision and accelerated progress.
1.3 – To further develop systems and structures that enable the development of whole school teams for different curriculum areas.
2.1 – Improve progress and attainment of children achieving greater depth in reading, writing and maths by the end of key stage two so that they are higher than national figures.
2.2 – Develop greater pupil resilience and raise independence of all pupils through a challenge based learning approach.
2.3 – To ensure the deployment of support staff impacts on all children, not just those that have specific learning needs.
3.1 – To have a clear whole school approach to improving school’s attendance to at least in line with the national percentage and reducing the persistent absence figure.
3.2 – To distribute a whole school approach around growth mindset that supports pupil well-being and a greater resilience for learning.
3.3 – To develop a system for pastoral management and family support through both internal and external CPD.
3.4 – To build on the established school behaviour expectations policy and procedures, reviewing and monitoring the impact on behaviour for learning in light of current need.
4.1 – Raise attainment and progress of the current year 2 cohort to ensure the % of children achieving at least expected standard in KS1 is above the national average in reading, writing and maths.
4.2 – To have a clear focus with measurable outcomes to further close the gap in attainment in reading, writing and maths for the current year 5 cohort.
I would like to receive email updates from Alain Brown regarding Real Estate in my area(s) of interest.
Not intended to solicit buyers or sellers, landlords or tenants currently under contract.The trademarks REALTOR®, REALTORS® and the REALTOR® logo are controlled by The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA) and identify real estate professionals who are members of CREA. The trademarks MLS®, Multiple Listing Service® and the associated logos are owned by CREA and identify the quality of services provided by real estate professionals who are members of CREA.
REALTOR® contact information provided to facilitate inquiries from consumers interested in Real Estate services. Please do not contact the website owner with unsolicited commercial offers.
Home -> Pacific Rural Press -> 2nd 1000 Questions Answered in California Agriculture -> Part IV. Soils, Fertilizers and Irrigation
Where can I get the latest and best information on southern California soils, how to tell what defects exist and how to remedy them?
Much information on these points is to be obtained in Hilgard's "Soils," and in the publications of the University of California Agricultural Experiment Station at Berkeley, which you can find in any of the larger town libraries. Reports and soil maps of certain districts of California are available from the Division of Soils, U. S. Dept. Agr., Washington, D. C. Professor Lipman says that the great deficiency of southern California soils is in organic matter. That can only be remedied by the use of large quantities of barnyard manure where available, the continual use of green manure crops, and in addition to that, the rather limited use of tillage during the hot summer months, replacing tillage with surface straw or manure mulch in order to prevent oxidation of the organic matter introduced in the form of the first two classes of materials named above. By the addition of this organic matter, and also of the nitrogen, which in part is added by means of the organic matter, but also may be added in the form of fertilizer, the greatest defects of the soils in question can be readily remedied within a period of three to five years.
I have heard that they reclaim alkali spots in the beet fields by covering with the tops and plowing under.
The plowing under of beet tops or stable manure loosens the surface soil and thus decreases evaporation of moisture and makes the alkali weaker in the upper soil so that it may not be strong enough to prevent the germination of the seed. After starting the plant can handle more alkali and be more thrifty. But it all depends upon how much alkali there is in the soil. Plowing in such stuff is not a panacea.
I have land with some low spots seeming to have alkali. In plowing these spots plow deeper than the surrounding ground, being wet and somewhat baggy. Could these be overcome by filling in with good soil from surrounding points to a level with the other land? Would it be desirable to plow stalks or straw under in these spots? I have plenty of water for flooding and the land can be well drained. The soil around these spots is fine and produces fine alfalfa and grain, while they do not produce.
You could reduce the accumulation of water in the low spots by filling them up to grade - in fact that is the proper thing to do in preparation of the land for irrigated alfalfa whether there is alkali or not because alfalfa will be killed out if the soil is heavy enough to hold the water too long. If the spots are alkaline you should first under-drain them to get rid of alkali, or it will rise later through your filling and make that alkaline also. Plowing in coarse stuff, before filling in, will help to keep down the alkali.
I am thinking of doing some sub-soiling. The trees are 26 feet apart and I would not go closer to the row than 8 feet. I plan to put three furrows from 16 to 20 inches deep down between the rows of trees. The ground has been irrigated for the last 10 or 12 years and when you get down seven or eight inches it is very hard. The trees look well. Would it injure the trees to run those furrows so deep and cutting the roots?
You may anticipate benefit rather than injury. You can open a way for rainfall to the lower soil about as well with two deep furrows as with three and this would enable you to begin your experiment by keeping 10 feet away from the tree row. If you wish to be still more cautious run the furrows one way this year and the other way next year. Start in anyway, and be bold or cautious according to the amount of root cutting you find yourself doing.
I have a peach orchard on "blow sand" in Merced county. I have given instruction to cultivate every two weeks, but my man objects that turning up moist sand loses moisture.
Sandy soil which is gotten into loose condition need not be disturbed by cultivation so long as that friable condition is not interfered with and so long as weeds do not grow. It would certainly be undesirable to use any form of disk or cultivator which turned up moist soil to the air, but on loose sandy soils there is sometimes a firm, evaporating surface formed at a little depth and not on the immediate surface, as is the case with heavy soils. When this takes place there is a loss of moisture by evaporation into the dry air which readily penetrates the granular covering to the crusting place below. To prevent this the soil should be stirred by a narrow straight-toothed harrow or a disk set upright so that there may be pulverization to a depth of five or six inches without turning moist soil up to the air. If you are sure that the cultivated layer remains loose to a satisfactory depth, it need not be stirred. But be careful that a loose layer on top does not deceive you.
I planted 80 acres of Egyptian corn on land which can not be irrigated. The soil is a rich mellow loam and does not crack open. The neighbors advise not to disturb the top crust, claiming it would dry out more quickly. I have been informed that continual stirring of the top soil would conserve the moisture.
It will surely dry out if you do not disturb the top crust. Cultivate shallow to keep a thin layer of loose soil on top. Deep cultivation in the dry season exposes too much soil surface to drying.
Near the north shore of San Francisco Bay I have six acres of apple orchard and five acres to crop and garden. Conditions are peculiar here and trying. Every afternoon during the summer we get a westerly trade wind that continues well into the night. During June we had temperatures ranging from 90 degrees at noon to 50 degrees at 8 p. m., accompanied by a cold fog. This extreme in 24 hours seems to check all plant growth. Peas bloom when 6 inches high; beans remain stationary at 12 inches; corn makes little growth and turns yellow. Squash, vine, etc., are thrashed to pieces by the wind and all stuff grows so slowly it seems tough and tasteless. What crops can one grow under conditions of this sort?
You are blaming the climate too much. Your land needs trenching (or at least deep plowing) and a heavy bombardment with stable manure. This would feed the plants and hold more moisture for them. Your land must be made more loamy - whether it be now either too sandy or too hard, and plenty of organic matter will help it in either case. Your working last winter was too shallow or too late, so that much rainfall moisture was lost and your planting of all the things you mention was too late. The poor growth of plants you describe is caused chiefly by drying out and not by the temperature. With manure and better tillage the corn will grow high enough to wind-break the squashes and other tender foliage. Get manure, save moisture by better tillage, get more busy and get busy earlier in the rainy season. Your climate is like that which prevails on the lower lands, in most northern Coast valleys, and it will make good crops if the soil is fed and worked right.
On land, too high to flood from irrigating ditch, I planted apricot trees which grew finely until August, when most of them died, and the balance died this winter. For two years previously I had planted peach trees, but they also died the same way. I am thinking of placing a 2-inch centrifugal pump on the bank to pump water out of the ditch. Each year I have tried to keep trees alive by watering with hose from tank-house, but have failed. The land on the surface looks right, but when digging holes for trees it shows a little alkali, but does not seem to me too strong.
If it were simply a case of dying from drouth, you could easily settle it by pumping from the ditch as you propose. Pumping from ditches to higher lands is done on both large and small scale in all parts of the State. But the probability is that your trees did not die from drouth. They died too suddenly and uniformly for that. Some of them would surely have pulled through with the hose irrigation you gave them, even if inadequate for good growth. It is altogether likely that there is too much alkali. You can have that determined by sending a sample of the lower soil to the Experiment Station at Berkeley, and sending a letter with it describing what your experience has been. It may be that the land would carry pears even if too alkaline, when you get water on it, for peaches and apricots.
Can I fertilize my lawn (mostly clover) with fresh chicken fertilizer, in which there is a generous sprinkling of lime. Will the lime prove detrimental instead of enriching the soil? I intend to apply it, and if it isn't raining will turn the sprinklers on, to get it close to the roots.
Lime is one of the best things for clover, for clover will not do well unless there is plenty of lime in the soil. Too much fresh lime might do harm, but being exposed to the air takes out the bite. Mixing lime with manure, however, is not good, as lime drives off nitrogen - the best part of it - and you should use gypsum rather than lime for the hen houses.
When I planted rhubarb seed I put a little commercial fertilizer in each hill, but in the hills I put it in only a few seeds came up. So when I planted some peanuts I put about a teaspoonful in each hill and mixed it with the ground, but only a few of the hills that I put it in came up. Did I get it too strong?
It is always dangerous to use a quickly soluble fertilizer in contact with seed, and it is otherwise undesirable. No thrifty plant keeps its roots where the seed starts; they go forth considerable distances after moisture and plant food. If, however, you still wish to get right on the spot, mix the fertilizer with several times its bulk of fine sandy loam well pulverized, and it will work on the plants and not get too much in one place. On the whole, however, it is better to get the fertilizer into moist earth between the rows and invite the roots to go after it.
Will it pay to fall irrigate a prune orchard (where the water stands 10 feet below the surface) for the fruit buds for the next crop?
Take a look at the, trees and see if the leaves at the growing tips are welt nourished and the general aspect of the foliage indicative of vigor or otherwise. Then dig down to a depth of three or four feet and see if the soil in which the roots are growing is moist enough to ball in the hand with pressure. If the soil is manifestly too dry at that depth, irrigate as soon as the fruit is gathered. Another condition indicating desirability of irrigating your trees would be the coming of the fall rains. If you are pretty sure of good rains in September and October and the trees are looking well when the fruit is gathered, the probability is that they do not need irrigation.
What deciduous tree will make a good erect windbreak along an irrigation ditch in the San Joaquin Valley? How far apart should they be planted?
If you want it very upright nothing beats the Lombardy poplar and by planting close, say 20 feet, you can get an effective windshield. It does well in your valley.
What is the best way to sub-irrigate citrus trees and where is there published information on the subject?
No method has been demonstrated to be of continued value and success. Since 1870 every kind of subterranean distribution has been tried, including board boxes, cement pipes or tiles, perforated or otherwise, iron pipes with various outlets - all these have been tried and abandoned. The literature on the subject consists of descriptions of patented systems in the publications of the U. S. Patent Office and subsequent announcements of their undesirability in the horticultural journals. Often one hears of the success of fruit on "sub-irrigated land," but the term applies to land moistened by gravity or lateral seepage in the form of natural underflow, and does not indicate any method of artificial subterranean distribution. (For sub-irrigation in gardens see Part IV, Vol. 1.)
I have planted Egyptian corn. The ground was thoroughly watered before planting and the corn is just now coming up. The soil is getting very dry on the surface. I have been told that Egyptian corn should not be watered at all. Would you advise permitting it to go through the dry hot months without irrigation? If not, when and how often should it have water?
The sorghums are especially valuable for drouth and heat toleration, and because they will give most growth with least water, but that does not mean that they do not enjoy moisture. They make amount of growth proportional to the moisture available and will grow from six inches to six feet high according to the soil moisture available. Therefore, unless your ground is naturally moist, you will get more green feed or grain by irrigation, the water being run in furrows between the rows, or flooded if sown broadcast. How much and how frequently irrigated depends upon whether the soil is retentive or not. Ordinarily irrigation once a month is desirable. Watch the plants and keep the foliage from yellowing until it is natural for it to mature the seed. Whether you will irrigate or get the most you can without it, good cultivation while the plant is growing is the surety of a good product, unless the land is naturally moist, and then the plant should be kept clean of weeds.
I lost about 40% of my young almond trees this year on account of drouth, but now have a good well and pumping plant so that I can irrigate the trees next year. My advisers say that if the almond trees are irrigated the trees will not become as deeply rooted as they would if the top of the ground were kept dry, forcing the roots to go downward for moisture.
Irrigation of almond trees on a deep, free soil such as should be selected for the almond, will not produce undesirable surface rooting, if the irrigation water is applied in considerable amounts so as to secure deep penetration rather than frequent light applications which would confine the moisture to the upper layers of the soil. Rational irrigation is good both for young trees and old and irrigation water is desirable always in case rainfall should be inadequate. There is no need to be worried about it; if the soil does not have moisture enough, irrigate and be glad that you have the water.
I have been advised that by using dynamite in the bottom of the, well, so as to blast out quite a basin and then sand pump out all possible, that it will make a much better well.
There is grave danger of destroying the well by blasting and generally no well driller will dynamite a well unless the owner assumes all responsibility. A well should not be dynamited where the water bearing strata are ordinary water-gravel and sand. If such a condition exists, to develop an open-bottom well, end the well in the water-bearing stratum itself and do not pass through this and land in the clay. If the well ends in the water strata, develop the well with a centrifugal pump and have a well with a large cavity or reservoir at the bottom. There is, however, a certain amount of danger in the gravel and sand flowing too fast and sanding the well. If all the water will be obtained from a stratum of shale only, and the well does not supply sufficient water after test, then try dynamite, but this is for a shale or a sandstone stratum only. - E. P. McMurtry.
I have a 10-inch well, cased 100 feet deep. Good water gravel was encountered at 34 feet 4 inches, at 65 feet 8 inches, at 90 feet 3 inches, and at 106 feet 3 inches or more. The best wells in the valley yield only 400 gallons per minute, and I want more. I am advised to sink a dug well, say 5 feet by 6 to include the two upper strata of gravel and, if found necessary, mine a tunnel at right angles to the vein of water gravel, so as to get all the water.
We would not recommend this method. The cost of tunneling below the water line is very expensive and unless the ground on each side of the water stratum is of solid clay it would be necessary to curb the tunnels, which, if done with redwood, would last but a short time and if of concrete would be very expensive. Obtaining water by tunnels is commended where there is one stratum only a short distance below the ground and a foot or two in thickness only or where the character of the water-bearing strata is so close, such as shale or sand only, that sufficient water will not flow through to an ordinary well. The tunnel method increases the percolating area and increases the supply. Our recommendation would be to sink a pit to the first water, drill one or more 10-inch wells, 20 to 30 feet from the present well, run narrow tunnels, which in this case will be above the water line, out to these new wells and connect all of the wells with proper pipes to one vertical centrifugal pump placed in the pit. The cost of drilling additional 10-inch wells will be very slight compared to the cost of the tunnel method. - E. P. McMurtry.
Please give information about cementing or lining a ditch, as to the best and cheapest way and approximate cost.
From experience with the efficiency of the different types of linings, the following results can be anticipated: 1. A good oil lining, constructed with heavy asphalt road oil, applied on the ditch sides and bed at the rate of about 3 gallons per square yard, will stop 50 to 60% of the seepage. 2. A well-constructed clay puddle lining is as efficient as a good oil lining. 3. A thin cement mortar lining, about one inch thick, made of one part cement to four of sand, will prevent 75% of the seepage. 4. A first-class concrete lining, three inches thick, made of one part of cement to two of sand and four of gravel, will stop 95% of the seepage. 5. A wooden lining, when new, is as efficient as a concrete lining, but after two or three years repairs will become an important item, and by eight or ten years will require complete renewal.
The cost of an oil lining where oil can be bought at California prices (about two cents a gallon) is about one-half cent per square foot. Cement mortar lining one inch thick costs about 2 to 4 cents per square foot. Cement concrete two inches thick costs from about 4 to 6 cents, and three inches thick from about 6 to 8 cents a square foot. These prices do not include the trimming and preparation of the ditch before the lining is put on, which would add from 3/4 to 1 1/2 cents per square foot. If clay is close at hand it can be hauled and spread on the canal, then either tramped in by cattle or worked in by dragging chains over it, at a cost of less than 1 cent per square foot, but there are localities where enough money has been spent on clay linings to pay for a good concrete lining. Wooden lining built of two-inch lumber nailed on sills and side yokes will cost as much as a two-inch concrete lining and is not nearly as durable.
An oil lining stops only a part of the seepage losses, and while it will resist erosion well, it probably will not prevent the growth of weeds for more than one season unless a high velocity is used, and it will not stop the activities of burrowing animals. Clay puddle will not prevent the burrowing of animals and weeds grow rapidly, especially since the velocity of the water must be small in order to prevent the eroding or washing of the lining. A concrete lining has none of these disadvantages and the only objection is its higher first cost. But where water is valuable its expense is well justified. In southern California the use of concrete lining dates from about 1880, when the increasing value of water made it necessary to do away with losses. Since that time practically all canals in that section have been lined with concrete, and in some cases replaced with concrete pipes. - Prof. B. A. Etcheverry.
Use boiled linseed oil, to which has been added a liberal amount of litharge, for drying purposes. Apply with an ordinary paint brush.
It requires local experience to tell how much water is needed in any place, and some wide-awake neighbor can advise you exactly. Theoretically you might expect to carry 950 trees, while they are young, with one miner's inch continuous flow, delivered in multiples, of course, according to the number of days intervening between the runs. The duty of that much water will depend upon the retentiveness of the soil; also upon how well you handle the water and how much you conserve by good cultivation.
I am laying out some ditches to carry about 4.2 second feet of water. There is a ditch described in Farmer's Bulletin 375, having this capacity of 4.2 second feet. It takes up too much land as it is 12 feet wide over all. Would it be possible to make a ditch with very much steeper banks than the one mentioned by oiling it with an asphalt base oil to protect it from erosion! The soil is clay loam.
The ditch to which you refer can be built with steeper slopes, so that it will not need to take over about eight feet of ground if slopes of 1:1 are used. The use of the asphalt base oil would not probably be of any particular advantage, as a clay loam soil would probably stand on this slope. To save the land, an 18-inch pipe would give about the same capacity as this ditch. Also a flume, 18 inches wide by 12 inches deep, would carry the same amount of water. The pipe could be buried, so as to require practically no space and the flume would also need little width.
A and B each bought land in a tract owned by a development company. The company reserved the right to lay irrigating laterals across the land. This they laid at a uniform depth across the land in its natural state without taking into consideration the contours as reported by their civil engineers. When the land was leveled so that it could be irrigated the pipe line was exposed so as to prevent farming across it. Will A and B be obliged to lower the pipe at their own expense, or should the company pay for their own negligence!
Each instrument reserving the rights of way for irrigating laterals, etc., must be carefully interpreted in order to understand the conditions for which it was drawn. If there is no specification regarding the size, location and method of constructing the conduit, the rule of reasonableness alone governs. If, considering all existing conditions, the conduit has been laid in an unreasonable manner, the company is liable.
I have a reservoir covering an acre which has a complete sod of Bermuda grass in the bottom. What would your idea be of the most practical way to get rid of it! Could it be done with distillate!
If you wish to remove the Bermuda so that you can work the soil bottom to make the reservoir hold water, undercut the sod with a weed knife or flat-tooth cultivator, dry, rake into windrows and burn and then get on with your harrows, clay, sheep, etc. - whichever you choose to use to puddle the bottom. If you wish to kill the top growth, distillate will do that, but it will not get the bottom of the Bermuda. It will come up again when it gets ready, providing the surface has air and light. But if it is simply a question of killing the Bermuda on the reservoir bottom, why do you worry? Fill the reservoir and that will settle it. Bermuda is not an aquatic plant. It will probably climb out over the banks, but that will not be a bad idea; it will keep the banks from washing.
Is it practical to cover the bottom of a reservoir with heavy oil to overcome seepage - say such oil as they use on the roads in California! Or would the oil rise on the water and go out on the alfalfa when irrigated!
It gives satisfaction and there are a number so constructed in this State. You must get an even distribution. The oil must be thoroughly mixed with the soil for several inches deep and rolled hard, then no more oil is taken up from the bottom than there is from a road in a rainstorm, and that is not enough to do harm. Possibly the first time the reservoir is filled the water might take off an appreciable quantity, depending largely on the way the oiling was done, but later no trouble would be expected, and a very impervious bottom would be secured.
I have been told that a horsepower is just the same an all kinds of engines, and that a 20 horsepower automobile, if harnessed for it, could do the same work as 20 horsepower stationary engine. I would like to know if this is true.
Yes: whether it be a draft animal, or an engine, or a gale of wind, or a kicking burro, or a stick of dynamite, it is a theoretical horsepower if it can lift 33,000 pounds one foot high in one minute; actual horse power, however, is whatever horsepower is really developed as proved by trial. Whether you can use a thing able to do this, under certain conditions, depends upon the working requirements of the machine or agency and its environment. The tides of the ocean have more horsepower than all other earthly motors combined, but to cultivate a row of corn we would rather have a lame mule.
Is it possible to pump water out of a 2-inch cased well fast enough to water 10 acres of young fig trees?
It depends upon how good your pump is and whether there is plenty of water in the well; also whether your soil will carry water well in a furrow, or whether it will only run a few feet and sink out of sight. Supposing the pump is good, the well wet, the soil furrow fit to carry water, and the trees blocked up and not stretched out Indian-file, you can surely irrigate ten acres of young deciduous trees in one or two furrows to the row as many times as the trees need it - providing the rest of the land is idle and kept well cultivated. If you have to fill checks or if you wish to irrigate inter-crops, you would need a reservoir or a larger well and pump, or both, perhaps. In the former case your head-ditch should be a flume or a pipe, so as not to lose water before it gets to the furrow heads. As your trees get larger you will probably need a larger well and pump.
I have a bored well cased, seven inches in diameter, 100 feet deep; abundant supply. What is the best method of obtaining the greatest supply? What horsepower engine and what sort of pump, also probable cost?
To answer this one should know the distance at which the water stands in the well when not being pumped. Also the amount of water that is needed, if for domestic purposes, or the number of acres of land, if for irrigation. In either case it is simply a matter of size of pump and size of engine, which is controlled by the amount of money the owner wishes to invest. Water for domestic supply can be accomplished by a lift pump at the rate of from 15 to 70 gallons a minute. The cost is controlled by the number of feet the water has to be raised and the number of gallons per minute required. If a lift pump, several parts must be considered. They are: a cylinder in the well, a number of feet of pipe from this cylinder to the point of discharge, a pumping head, either geared or belted to an engine or motor, and a gas engine or motor. For a supply of 15 gallons a minute and a lift of 100 feet the cost would be as follows:
For irrigation purposes one is again controlled by the amount of water needed and of money to be invested; the number of acres to be irrigated, the local rainfall and its distribution, and the number of feet the water is to be lifted. A centrifugal pump would probably be chosen in this case. The cost varies with the quantity of water required and the distance it is to be lifted. Doubling the lift or quantity of water handled also doubles the power required and the cost rises in proportion. With a centrifugal pump it is necessary to dig a pit to the water surface in the well, as it is not advisable to suck water over a suction-lift of from 20 to 25 feet to the pump. The price of the digging varies with the size and depth of the pit from $1.00 per foot up. The water level controls the depth of pit. We shall figure on a discharge of 200 to 225 gallons a minute which is sufficient to cover one acre six inches deep in a twelve-hour run, not allowing for loss by seepage. Based on a pump efficiency of fifty per cent with a lift of 30 feet a discharge of 200 gallons a minute may be obtained with 3 horsepower, while with a lift of 100 feet, 10 horsepower will be necessary to discharge the same amount of water. It is simply a question of power, lift and quantity required. Doubling the lift or doubling the quantity doubles the power needed. With the 30-foot lift one would use a No. 3 horizontal centrifugal pump, which pumps about 225 gallons per minute and costs from $100 to $150. A 5-horsepower gas engine or motor would be used with this lift and size of pump. The engine varies in price from $200 to $350, but the initial cost is a small item compared with economy in operation as time goes on. There are engines on the market costing $350 which consume only one-half gallon of stove distillate an hour at the rate of less than 5 cents a gallon. This would allow a run of twelve hours for 30 cents. Gasoline at 15 cents a gallon would bring it up to 90 cents. A motor of the same horsepower would cost about $70 and use about 4 KWH of power an hour. At a power rate of 3 cents a KWH a twelve-hour run would cot $1.44. In the case of a 100-foot lift, one would prefer a 15 horsepower gas engine or motor and a No. 3 vertical centrifugal pump, two stage. The engine would cost up to $640 and would use two gallons of stove distillate per hour at 5 cents. Thus a twelve-hour run would cost $1.20. A motor of the same size would cost $190 and would use 11 KWH an hour. At an average of 2 1/2c a KWH a twelve-hour run would cost $3.30. Though the motor costs a great deal less in the beginning one should study the local power rate schedule and figure on the cost of operation as time goes on. The approximate costs of the two lifts are as follows:
So we are impressed with the fact that the lift and equipment chosen have a great deal to do with the installation, to say nothing of the cost of maintenance and operation. - Holter & Rogers.
Is it possible to pump water 100 feet for alfalfa and make a good profit, when alfalfa will sell for $10 per ton or upward? Water is in abundant supply. From one well a flow of from 1,000 to 1,500 gallons per minute can be secured.
With the cheap fuel engines now on the market the fuel cost is comparatively low. Take a crude oil engine that is said to burn oil of as low as 24 degrees gravity. We wish to pump 1,200 gallons per minute. This will require a No. 7 pump. To raise this amount of water a distance of 100 feet a 75 horsepower crude oil engine will be needed. This engine consumes, say, from 9 to 10 gallons of fuel per hour at from 2 to 3 cents a gallon. Take the higher figure and the fuel cost will be 30 cents an hour or $3.60 for a 12-hour run. The water will cover 3 1/2 acres 6 inches deep. Practically a cost of $1.00 for each 6-inch irrigation, or $5.00 an acre for a 30-inch irrigation for the season. Cost of attendance will amount to another $1.00 for each 6-inch irrigation, or $5.00 per acre per season. Thus the total irrigation cost will amount to about $10 per acre per season. One should expect at least 5 tons to the acre of alfalfa per season, which will give a gross return of $50. Deducting $10, for irrigation costs, $40 remains to be divided between field attendance, harvesting costs and profit. The 75 horsepower crude oil engine costs about $3500 and the No. 7 pump may be obtained for about $400. Probably a simpler and cheaper way would be to build a reservoir at the highest point to be irrigated. A smaller crude oil engine and smaller pump, which can be run continually, may then be used. Thus 24 hours' pumping will afford 12 hours' irrigation at a nominal cost for fuel, fixed charges and attendance. The smaller plant will give a proportionally higher cost for fuel consumption, but the cost of attendance can be greatly reduced. The area to be irrigated and the amount of water to be applied through the season will control the economy of raising water 100 feet for alfalfa production. The amount of water to be pumped, or the height it is to be lifted, is simply a question of power, and, in this case, cheap power. Alfalfa should have at least 30 acre inches of water per season. To put a depth of 2 feet of water on one acre, it takes a flow of 450 U. S. gallons per minute for 24 hours, irrespective of losses by seepage, which is very important. Knowing the acreage, one can figure the number of days required to cover a field to a given depth. From this the cost per acre may be figured. - Holter & Rogers, San Francisco.
I bought land, the deed of which says that I have only the use for domestic purposes of any of the waters arising on or flowing through or over the property, and the company has the right to the water's uninterrupted flow through and over the property. Can I dig a well and pump for irrigation?
Many lands have been subdivided and sold in small tracts with the reservation that all waters, either surface or underground, on or under such land, shall remain the property of the original company, with the exception that the purchaser may use water for domestic and irrigation purposes on the tract purchased. From his account it seems that the writer above is given the right to use water for domestic purposes only. The deed will have to be inspected in order to ascertain his right to develop underground water. He has title only to what the deed conveys.
I own a pumping plant and can sell water provided I can get it across intervening property. Can the owner of this intervening property stop me from running the ditch if I pay him a reasonable price for the privilege?
By statute adopted in 1913, anyone distributing water to land not owned by himself must be considered a public utility and subject to regulation by the California Railroad Commission. Being in public service, the owner of such a system would have the right to condemn a right-of-way, the cost of which would have to be fixed by a jury. It would undoubtedly be in excess of the ordinary acreage price of the land. The only way to avoid being a public utility in such a case would be to sell an interest in the pumping system to those whose lands are to be irrigated. Under such conditions the system would no longer be considered in public service, and it would therefore not have the right of condemnation. It would have to pay whatever the owner of the land desired for the right-of-way.
I have land on a creek which flows a good part of the year. I want to put in a pipe so that in the winter, when there is a good stream flowing I can give irrigation and be sure that no one can stop me after the pipe has been installed. I plan to buy land on both sides of the creek above me, to give me the necessary head. If I file a water right on a certain part of the water, will that give me a clear right to use it?
As a riparian owner you have a right to take and use water flowing in the creek, which right must be shared with other riparian owners. As you desire to irrigate when there is "a good stream flowing," the probability is that at that time there will be sufficient for all riparian owners who care to use the water. If any lower riparian owner objects, a division must be made so that each will have a reasonable use of the full flow. There is no necessity of filing a notice of water appropriation, as the right acquired thereby is inferior to the riparian right. Any riparian owner can enjoin the diversion of water by a mere appropriator.
I have a water right on a creek that flows through my lands. A neighbor above me, who has never filed a water right, claims that he is entitled to take water from the creek from the fact that he has been taking water from it for a good many years prior to my filing a water right. Is he right?
From the statement that the creek flows through the land, it is assumed that all of the land lies along the bank of the creek and is, therefore, riparian thereto. As a riparian owner you are entitled to a reasonable use of the waters of the creek in common with all other riparian owners. A riparian owner, or an appropriator above you may have secured a better right to the water by using it to your detriment for a period of five years-thus acquiring a so-called prescriptive right. There are a number of elements entering into the determination of a prescriptive right and the one so claiming it must submit proofs. It is therefore certain that where an upper owner has within the past five years started to divert the water from the creek and use it upon his land, he has no greater right to do so than any other riparian owner below him.
If it is advisable to keep the tree growing and thus hold its foliage till as late in the season as possible in order to strengthen the fruit buds, why is it that they practice fall pruning, denuding the tree of nearly all foliage and exposing the fruit buds to all the sun and light they can get? I don't think that fall watering of the prune will cause it to produce heavier craps. My idea is that the soil needs nourishment.
It is well to place emphasis on the need of fertilization and fall irrigation is not at all at enmity with that claim. However, one can never be sure that the tree needs fertilizers until he has given it a chance to grow well and bear well under the influence of adequate moisture. Besides, the tree can only use fertilizers when there is enough moisture present. But on the other hand it may be urged that in many cases if ample humus is present by cover crops or stable manure the soil will be more retentive and the trees stand in less need of fall irrigation, and that is true. In fact, irrigation and fertilization are so intimately related in effects that one should never try to stand one off against the other. The wise grower assures himself that the tree has moisture enough, and if water does not help the hearing, turns to fertilization. Every kind of a fruit tree must have moisture enough to hold foliage active until fruit buds are adequately strong and to protect the tissues of the new growth against desiccation (as shown by shriveling in extreme cases). When the soil is dry and rains late, this moisture must come from fall irrigation. This lesson has been clearly learned in the San Joaquin Valley with peach trees and when a tree has fall moisture enough to keep it in good condition it is protected against starting too early from its dormancy.
Will a cesspool dug to gravel and a few feet from water table have any effect on the water of a drinking well 100 feet away? Would there be danger to health and fear for the typhoid germ? Is it sanitary to keep an elevated water tank covered that is used for household purposes and drinking? Will the water keep pure and sweet?
Putting in a cesspool as you describe is dangerous as in the loose gravel there is quite sure to be a movement of injurious material from cesspool to well and typhoid could easily be carried to user of the water. If, however, you have a bored well and the gravel stratum with which the cesspool connects is cased off, there can be no practical danger. It is sanitary to keep a tank covered. Better to do that than allow it to remain open to injury from birds and other sources of contagion. Whether the water remains pure and sweet or not depends more on the amount used than anything else. If the water is frequently renewed, a covered tank will give good water.
How can I reclaim a piece of swamp land that is flooded by water from a creek, caused by the tide from the ocean? It is well drained as the tide recedes, and it can easily be shut out.
Shut out the salt water, of course, and give the fresh water a chance to get out when the tide recedes. This is usually done with a levee with gates in it, at the lowest points, which close as the inflow begins and are pushed open by the outflow. These can be made to work automatically. It sounds easy, but it isn't always easy or cheap.
If I bore fifteen feet and strike water, which rises to within five feet of the surface, is my water table five or fifteen feet? I cover an acre of land with water, and I find that it goes into the ground at the rate of one-eighth inch a day. Under the above conditions, do I stand a fair show of washing alkali out of the soil?
Your water table is practically at five feet unless you have broken an impervious hardpan in boring - which, if not broken, might hold down water below it. Under the conditions you describe the water-movement is too slow to wash out alkali. You will have to dig deep, open drains or lay tile to move away the water faster. The one-eighth inch of which you speak is partly lost by evaporation, probably.
Has the man below a legal right to build temporary dams on his own land, to prevent waste irrigation water flowing in storm-water channels during the irrigation season when there is no storm water? Can the man above be legally restrained from making use, of storm-water channels to get rid of his waste irrigation, water where such use will lead to damage of the land below at a time when there is no storm water?
It is well settled in California that the owner of upper lands has a right to the discharge of surface or rain water as it is accustomed to naturally flow. He, however, has no right to change the natural mode of discharge to the injury of the lower land owner. The upper land owner can, therefore, be restrained from discharging waste irrigation water (that is, not natural waters) into storm-water channels, if such discharge damages the lower land owner. As the lower land owner has this right of injunction, he may also throw temporary dams across storm-water channels on his own land to prevent said waste irrigation waters from doing injury to his land.
I have a large depression in my land where I lost about 100 vines and when we irrigate the water makes a lake for several days. In another place there is a squirrel hole and water runs into this hole for several days with no sign of filling it up. If I could put a large hole in the low spot and keep it open would it not take care of the water? I put a hole down in this place last March; we struck mud at 12 feet. Later the water came up about eight feet more and remained at that level for a long time.
Frequently it is possible to drain low places entirely surrounded by higher ground by digging a hole such as you suggest. Go down until you reach sand or gravel through which the water can flow easily. Many large swales have been reclaimed in this way, but to be successful the stratum of loose material must be reached, and sometimes it is too far from the surface to make the work profitable. In your case if such gravel stratum occurs it evidently is below the bed of mud and probably separated from it by hardpan which you must get through. The only other way to drain will be by putting in tile drains to take water to lower ground-digging deep enough through the sides of the depression to allow the water to run off. If you put in tile to draw the water down to three and one-half feet below the surface, you need not worry about the water below that.
What about the use of saltpetre as a fertilizer of crops? I have seen it stated that it has been used with great benefit on garden crops.
It is Chile saltpetre or sodium nitrate which is used as a stimulating nitrogenous fertilizer. When the term saltpetre is used in connection with preservation of meats, etc., it means potassium nitrate which is too expensive for use in fertilizers. Chile saltpetre is largely used in the way you mention and it can be bought from all fertilizer dealers. Great care must be taken, however, not to use too much and not to apply it in quantity near the plants. The usual dose is 200 pounds per acre, well distributed. That is perfectly safe and considerably more may be sometimes used to advantage; but increasing the dose should be carefully done after some experience has been gained in the use of it.
In 1912 W. H. Volck, horticultural commissioner of Santa Cruz County, and Mr. Ballard of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, sprayed apple trees which previously had refused to bear with a solution of nitrate of soda and they bore large crops of fine apples. Unsprayed trees were unproductive, although as much nitrate of soda was applied to the roots as was put on the tops of the first lot, the advantages all coming from the spraying, apparently. Messrs. Volck and Ballard continued the experiments, with favorable results and the practice was taken up by Watsonville growers. The dose is one pound of nitrate to a gallon of water, or sometimes half a pound to the gallon. It can be applied with ordinary lime-sulphur or other sprayings, or by itself with about 15 to 20 pounds of caustic soda to the 200 gallon tank added to make it stick to branches. At first it was thought that it should be applied when the buds were swelling, but later it was shown that it can be applied any time to dormant trees.
We have a large quantity of volunteer pie melons in the vineyard and are selling them at a dollar a load. Would it be better to allow them to rot on the ground as fertilizer?
Sell them, unless you can feed them to advantage. They surely are not worth a dollar a load as a fertilizer.
How can I best use potato vines for fertilizer? They seem to enrich the ground when plowed under or mixed with other manure, but they help to perpetuate the potato disease, which I am trying to eliminate by disinfecting seed, rotation, etc. Is there any way to disinfect the vines, or don't you think they are worth it?
They are not worth the labor and chemicals required for disinfection. Plow them in and use the land for grain or hay or other crop which is not affected by potato diseases. That is one of the advantages which pertain to rotation. This would bring your potatoes on ground new to them each year and your question disappears.
What is a proper price for poultry manure free of sand and feathers, and put up in sacks? I find that a sack of the dry manure weighs about 60 pounds, and my idea was to run it through a fanning mill so as to blow out the feathers and screen the sand so as to leave the manure clear and clean. As I have had the poultry running in the peach orchard for twenty years I well know the value of this manure.
The composition of hen manure (fresh) averages about 1% nitrogen, 0.80% phosphoric acid, and 0.40% potash; in other words, 20 pounds nitrogen per ton, 16 pounds phosphoric acid, and 8 pounds potash. This contains 55% moisture and when thoroughly dried would contain probably only about about half as much, which would make the amounts of plant foods just double what is stated above. At the values given by the State Fertilizer Control for these plant foods, the manure prepared as you describe might sell for about $10 per ton, for the same materials in other forms could be purchased for about that price.
On an acreage of pears and apples, most of them two years old, I desire to use fertilizer. Thus far both apples and pears look well, but feel that I should fertilize.
If the trees made enough wood growth and had good-sized and colored leaves, it is a question whether fertilizing would be any advantage at this stage of their growth. It is the same way with irrigation: if one gets good growth on a young tree, neither irrigation nor fertilization is necessary; but both may be very necessary later and probably it will be more useful to take to irrigating first, because in a shortage of moisture fertilizing must be ineffective. However, if there is stable or corral manure available we would get it and top-spread it in advance of the rains and turn it in with the green stuff whenever it is right to plow on that land. This will not only increase the plant food, but will make the cultivation easier and better and prepare the way for profitable use of commercial fertilizers later.
Before my orange trees were planted, two years ago, brush was burned on one corner of the land. The trees planted there show mottling. As a rule the trees look well and are vigorous. Could there be an excess of alkali due to the presence of the wood ashes? If so, how can we correct. it?
Possibly excess of potash caused the trouble. The way to remove the potash is to leach it out with water or in this way distribute it through a greater bulk of soil. If the soil is loose and distributes the water well, simply irrigate generously from time to time. If water stands, however, you must under-drain the spot or you may give the trees something worse than mottled leaf. Unless you burned a large amount of brush in that spot, however, the possible excess of potash would disappear soon, under ordinary irrigation and rainfall.
Will a top dressing of air-slaked lime, sprinkled and cultivated into a bed of daffodils, do any harm to the young roots already started? They have been in but a short time, but I find on testing land with blue litmus paper traces of sourness.
A good whitening of the surface with air-slaked lime is not dangerous if soon followed by rain or sprinkling. It might not be advisable with some small seeds, but larger seeds do not object and growing plants or bulbs are not injuriously affected. The litmus test is good if one has had experience enough not to attach too much importance to slight colorations. If various plants are growing well, the soil is not injuriously acid. The lime, however, if not used in excess, will do no harm and may do good in several ways.
The lime in carbide refuse is excellent for soil where lime is needed. If used too fresh it may contain some carbide which might injure the roots if turned under at once, but when the refuse is exposed fully to air and moisture for some time all this carbide passes off and the rest is practically like water or air-slaked lime.
How much air-slaked lime should be applied per 100 square feet? Is gypsum as desirable as lime for rendering the soil friable?
You can use 5 pounds of lime to the 100 square feet. Lime is more energetic than gypsum in promoting friability. Gypsum is a safer plant stimulant than caustic lime.
Both horse and cow manure are good. The latter may be as good as the former for plant food-that depends upon how well each kind of animal is fed. Cow manure is less likely to ferment rapidly and produce too much heat, and for that reason horse manure is specially good for use in hotbeds.
Is it wise to put lime on land that has become sour, when the trees and vines are growing? It is light land. How much to the acre, etc.? Would it require other fertilizer afterward to get best results?
Five hundred pounds of lime per acre, during the growing season, properly distributed and cultivated in would be safe, and other applications of the same amount may be made annually as conditions seem to require. It is better to make application during the early part of the rainy season. The use of other fertilizers would be desirable later, either to stimulate wood growth or to promote fruit-bearing as the trees seem to require. Lime is not a substitute for other fertilizers. One of its chief purposes in California is in rendering the soil more fit for active root action and thus promote assimilation of other plant food by the plants or trees which may be put upon it. We suppose you have demonstrated that the land has become sour. It is not usual for light land, unless it has been too wet for a considerable period.
Should lime be applied to improve the texture of adobe soil of a prune orchard? After plowing or before? In the spring or fall? How much lime to the acre? Is ground lime rock better than lime for this purpose? The orchard will be irrigated as soon as the prunes are all picked. What other method of improving this kind of soil do you recommend?
If you do not mind wheeling or tramping over the plowed ground you can spread after plowing and avoid burning your horses' feet and your own shoe leather. It is easier to spread before plowing, and in that case do it some time before, so the rain may slake and carry much of it into the ground - that is, do not lime and plow immediately. Liming should be done early in the rainy season, or you can spread lime in advance of your irrigation after fruit picking. Caustic lime acts on texture more quickly and effectively than ground limestone. Other ways to improve texture are to use stable manure and grow cover crops-also to watch and work the soil when it crumbles best. You can use 500 pounds of lime per acre and keep doing it for two or three years.
What is the best commercial fertilizer for light, sandy soil? I have not enough manure to cover all the ground this fall.
Theoretically at least, the best way to use a limited amount of stable manure is to spread it more thinly and use with it a complete commercial fertilizer, which approximates its composition. Good practice is to grow a cover crop with fall and winter rainfall and to apply the fertilizer to push the growth of the cover crop, or to scatter the commercial fertilizer on the cover crop and plow the two in together. Nitrate of soda is also used to stretch out stable manure, but it should be applied toward the end of the rainy season usually, although of course it may be used to push a winter growing crop. On land not covered with plants to use it, nitrate should not be used while there is too much water moving to carry it away.
We are setting a young orchard on land rich in phosphoric acid and potash, but lacking in humus and nitrogen. We wish the trees to make a good start. Will nitrate of potash (of which we happen to have a supply on hand) give the desired effect? How much should we use per tree?
If you are sure that your soil is too poor to grow a young tree, which is not often true, it is rational enough to use nitrate, and nitrate of potash is better than nitrate of soda. It is dangerous to put nitrate in the hole with the tree because of the chance of its not being mixed with enough earth. You might safely mix a small handful in the loosened earth in the bottom of the hole, then fill and pack around the roots with fine earth without nitrate and scatter a little more nitrate on the earth which you are to use in finishing the fill. If you wish to take all that trouble you could safely use a quarter of a pound to the tree. It would, however, be altogether better to plant without nitrate and then if, when it has water and cultivation enough, the tree does not grow to suit you, make a surface scattering of half a pound of nitrate to the tree and let it go in with irrigation water and following cultivation.
In applying nitrate of soda to flowers, can I dissolve it in water; some say it will burn the plant?
Nitrate is largely used by florists at the rate of one teaspoonful to three gallons of water. If scattered over the surface, before rain or sprinkling one ounce to one square yard of surface may be used. If used too often, it may kill the plants or cause overgrowth. Watch the plants; their appearance will indicate when to use the pushing fertilizer.
When is the best time to apply nitrate of soda on citrus orchards? I hear it would hurt blossoms if applied at that time.
Nearly all authorities and citrus growers of much experience agree that the best time to apply nitrate of soda is early in the spring. Nitrogen in that form is particularly desirable for application at that time because of its availability. With other forms of nitrogen, such as blood, it is absolutely necessary that the soil be very warm when the application is made in order that best results be obtained, but with nitrate of soda, or nitrate of lime, or sulphate of ammonia, the nitrogen is supposed to be in a form that the plant can immediately take up. I have never heard of any danger of weakening of blossoms by applying in the spring and should think that the tendency would be just the opposite, as anything that would tend to make a strong, vigorous condition should tend toward setting a better crop - C. C. Teague.
I intend to use a little commercial fertilizer for my young grape vines - 1, 2 and 3 years old. I would put a little near each vine and cover it up several inches deep. How much would you put on each vine to stimulate growth?
About two pounds of commercial fertilizer per vine is a good amount. It should not be put too close to the trunk. Better if none came nearer than a foot. Whenever the trees, vines or other crops do not come up to expectation fertilization probably will be profitable. Whenever vegetation flourishes vigorously fertilization is probably not necessary. When in doubt use some, as most are inclined to overestimate the thrift of their trees. A good mixture is 4 per cent nitrogen, about 1 per cent being from nitrate and 3 per cent organic, 2 per cent potash, and 8 per cent phosphoric acid. This combination is a good one for growth.
I have some soluble complete fertilizer over after fertilizing my orchard, and as I intend planting some corn and potatoes next spring, I would like to know when to apply it.
Apply the fertilizer when preparing the ground for planting in spring. For trees and vines a fall application might be better with most fertilizers and in fact might be well with you if only potash and phosphoric acid were present. With so much soluble nitrogen and the crop you intend to fertilize not planted yet, you can wait.
Unless properly handled fermentation rapidly sets in in manure and volatile contents pass off into the air, which can be detected by the odor of ammonia. By using finely ground gypsum or land plaster the escape of ammonia can be somewhat lessened. This is the chief reason for using gypsum as an absorbent, although it materially aids in solving the fly question. Many dairymen use from one-half to a pound of gypsum per 1,000 pounds of animals in their milking barns, scattering it on the floor after the barn has been cleaned. They do this to keep flies down as well as foul odors.
Can I work in corn stalks profitably as an orchard fertilizer? Can the stalks be spread, a disk run over the same and then plow them in in the spring, or would it be feasible to rent a gasoline corn stalk chopper and cut them up?
If you are dealing with a light soil, the plowing in of the stalks will give you more trouble than could be compensated for by the humus which they might ultimately produce. On a heavier soil they can be hashed up and plowed in as you propose. It is doubtful if their value would warrant even hiring machinery for the purpose. A better proposition would be to trade them to some local cow feeder in return for as many loads of manure as he is willing to give you.
We have been gathering leaf mold from an oak grove and placing the same (mixed with droppings from cattle pastured in the grove) around our young orange trees to provide humus fertilizer and put the heavy soil in good mechanical condition. The results have been fine. Would it be possible to infect the orchard with "oak-root fungus" providing it were present in the oak grove?
One can hardly say it is impossible, but it is so improbable that we would not hesitate a moment to continue your practice because of fear of it.
We had between our young oranges tomatoes. Of what value as a fertilizer would the frozen vines be? Would it pay to plow them under? Unless it would, we would not plow the orchard this year.
In all my reading regarding the value of vetch as nitrogenous fertilizer, I haven't as yet seen a statement as to when is the time to plow under to get the greatest results, regardless of any conditions.
If you mean when the plant has highest value in itself it is while the pods are still green and the stem yellowing a little at the base.
How could I get rid of nettles that persist in coming up thick every winter in my orchard and fairly smother out the cover crop, notwithstanding the orchard is irrigated and kept quite clean through the summer?
Make a cover crop of the nettles. Run a mower over them as soon as they get about a foot and a half high; let them make a second growth and then plow all the stuff under in February or early March. In this way you can keep the growth from getting too stemy and hard to handle with the plow. Nettles are all right for humus, if your irrigation water brings in the seed you are likely to be in the nettle business right along unless you get the ditch company to clean their ditch banks. If the seed does not come in the water your summer and winter tillage will soon clean them out.
Is growth of small lupins on land an indication of sufficient nitrogen-gathering bacteria being present for alfalfa?
Presumably, yes. You can tell whether bacteria are operating by taking up a young plant carefully and see if there are nodules on the roots. Presumably also the presence of germs on lupins, bur clover and other wild legumes equips the soil for alfalfa, beans, etc., or we would not get the crops we do by planting without inoculation.
Will the nitrogen-producing bacilli of the bur clover live and work on alfalfa? Would a soil solution containing tubercular roots of bur clover be a satisfactory means of "inoculating" alfalfa seed?
It is believed that the reason alfalfa succeeds so generally in California is that the widespread bur clover has loaded the soil with the proper bacteria. The earlier view that different legumes required different bacteria for each of them is losing force in the face of recent investigations. Whether you need to use bur clover soil solution is doubtful. It is probable that the bacteria are already installed in most California soils.
When thoroughly dry, as it comes from gathering a seed crop, the straw can be spread, disked to break it up, and plowed into a heavy soil as soon as there is rain enough to deeply wet the soil. The straw can be spread in the corral, trampled fine by the stock, and spread with other corral cleanings at the beginning of the rainy season. It may also be piled, wet down and reduced by composting with farm manure. This will make a rich manure for garden use. Sweet peas improve the land for any crop which it is profitable to grow in the locality; so far as we know, everything from grain to vegetables is better when following them. Pea aphis must be killed with a tobacco spray as soon as they appear. They are hard to handle if allowed to get headway. Therefore, the young plants must be closely watched and spraying done as soon as the pest is discovered.
Will a six-foot strip of alfalfa in the center of the rows one way furnish sufficient fertilizer in an apricot orchard? I would let it grow continuously. We have no water in August and September, but plenty in the spring.
Alfalfa does not add all forms of plant food to the soil. Some substances it takes from the soil; and though its growth processes may render them more easily available to other plants, the most it can do in that line does not actually add more of these substances to the soil. If then the alfalfa is grown as a crop and sold away from the land in the form of hay, the supply of these substances is constantly being reduced by growing alfalfa in this way. But alfalfa and other legumes do add nitrogen by their ability to take it from the air through the action of bacteria on their roots. For this reason you cannot count upon alfalfa as restoring to the soil all the plant food which the apricot tree takes from it in its wood growth and fruit crop. All except nitrogen must be made good by other means of fertilization, if alfalfa is grown without cutting, or is cut and the cuttings allowed to remain and decay, the plant will, theoretically, not take anything off the land, but, at the same time, it adds nothing but nitrogen to it. If the soil is naturally richly supplied with all other plant foods, then the addition of nitrogen, by alfalfa growing or otherwise, is a rational proceeding. If only a small addition is needed to the natural supply of nitrogen, then a narrow strip of alfalfa may be enough, but this is probably not often the case.
A more important consideration for you is whether you have soil-moisture enough to grow the strip, supply the waste by evaporation and meet the needs of the trees. You have no water in the autumn, and the probability is that the alfalfa will rob the trees during that period, weaken the next year's fruit buds and perhaps cause die-back of branches if not the death of the trees in extreme cases. Rational enrichment of the soil consists in growing a legume when there is naturally more water in the soil than the tree can use, or when the soil can be kept adequately moist by irrigation. Therefore a winter-growing legume, and not alfalfa, is indicated in your case. However, if you can grow enough alfalfa hay on that strip to spread as a mulch over all the rest of the ground between the trees and thus substitute a mulch for summer cultivation, you may save enough moisture by checking evaporation to more than compensate for that which the alfalfa uses in its growth. This is the latest problem in the summer handling of California fruit lands which is now awaiting demonstration.
Do the dry leaves of vetch that have fallen in the stubble contain the same fertilizing properties if plowed under as a like number of green leaves?
They contain the same fertilizing properties. Whether they would contain as much (allowing for water in green tissue) might be a question to be determined by analysis, but they are all right in quality. This is practically shown by the fertilizing effect demonstrated to belong to alfalfa hay and by the mold formation by dry leaves of forest trees, etc.
What would be the best cover crop to plant in a prune orchard in Sutter County? Both rye and clover have been recommended.
The best cover crop is the one you are sure to get most growth of before the spring date at which you have to plow it under. Any legume (clover, vetch, etc.) is better than rye, theoretically, because of its greater content of nitrogen and its ability to get nitrogen from the air, but you are not sure if a legume will make enough winter growth until you try it. You are sure of rye. Therefore, sow rye largely and several legumes (field peas, vetch, bur clover) in small areas so you will know next year whether you can depend upon any of them for the free winter growth which you need. If you prove out such a one as satisfactory, sow that forever afterwards.
Search for words starting with words ending with words containing the exact word in English Greek Latin Arabic Old Norse
The issue is a typical one yet numerous individuals decline to assume regarding it at all, due to the fact that they do not desire to have to make a choice. There is typically a choice that may entail you making usage of your personal time, rather of money that you could not have. It is constantly essential to think about both sides of any type of trouble as well as to take right into account all the adverse and also favorable sides of the choices revealed.
The issue is a typical one however several individuals reject to believe concerning it at all, due to the fact that they do not desire to have to make a choice. These are simply options, you do not require to decline them out of hand, or also approve any of them at this time, due to the fact that each one will certainly be explored much more carefully. Maybe this alternative is it? There is generally an alternative that could entail you making usage of your personal time, rather of money that you may not have. It is constantly vital to take into consideration both sides of any kind of trouble as well as to take right into account all the unfavorable as well as favorable sides of the choices revealed.
A woman moves to live with her new husband in 17th century Amsterdam, but soon discovers that not everything is what it seems. Based on the adaptation by Jessie Burton.
Isn't there some sort of map layer showing the official tax boundaries for my property? | Habitat Network
Yes, many private residences have their official boundaries represented on the Google “map” background, but not on the satellite image background in Google Maps. If you would like to trace your property boundary perfectly, feel free to switch between map backgrounds by choosing “map” from the imagery menu in the top right corner. If you […]
Yes, many private residences have their official boundaries represented on the Google “map” background, but not on the satellite image background in Google Maps. If you would like to trace your property boundary perfectly, feel free to switch between map backgrounds by choosing “map” from the imagery menu in the top right corner. If you are zoomed in far enough, you should be able to see a thin line representing official tax boundaries between properties. Be aware that this layer of information is not included for every location in the United States.
Grten Modern Gestalten. This wonderful image collections about Grten Modern Gestalten is accessible to save. We collect this best photo from internet and choose one of the best for you. Grten Modern Gestalten photos and pictures selection that posted here was carefully picked and uploaded by dwbbook after selecting the ones that are best among the others.
Latest Photo gallery about Grten Modern Gestalten included in the category Modern with	800x650 pixel resolution of this image and it has 170 kB file size. Grten Modern Gestalten Post on June 8, 2013 at 5:15 am. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Grten included in the category Andere with	640x447 pixel resolution of this image and it has 83 kB file size. Grten Post on April 29, 2013 at 6:58 am. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Latest Photo gallery about Englische Grten Gestalten included in the category Andere with	736x916 pixel resolution of this image and it has 358 kB file size. Englische Grten Gestalten Post on March 12, 2014 at 1:28 am. Click this post to see more photo gallery.
Can you believe that training camp opens in just 4 days. No deposit casino 2018 uk I had the budget for a choir this blackack where I would have them sing Alleluia. But all I have the budget for is an imagination choir, so go on. imagine it. Definitely the immigration nightmare blafkjack many Indian high skilled immigrants suffer when they wish to immigrate to the United States tops the list of it all.
Today, the best-known sansukumi-ken is called poker program solved (), which is a variation of the Chinese games introduced in the blackjack chap 20 century. Jan-ken uses blackjack chap 20 rock, paper, and scissors signs and is the game that the blackjack chap 20 version of rockpaperscissors derives from directly.
This works, but I would like to pass HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE as a string because I want to make a backup of changed registry settings, but how do I pass this on to ConnectRegistry? This for example won't work for obvious reasons (changes in red):
UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things.
I've ask in the past on Python list if you can have Variable Variables in Python like PHP and such, and the only answers I ever got were work arounds so I don't think you can do what you want.
"The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use the words." -Philip K. Dick
This script sets some registry keys, these keys need to be changed back to the original values after a while, so I write a backup file with a list of keys and their values, the hive name needs to be included obviously. I guess I can pickle, but I want the file to be plain text so it can be examined&modified if needed.
Ok, I see. Trying to write code to use across windows version now there is a headache. Personally I try and stay away from the registry. And wasn't Microsoft suppose to be moving away from the registry with Vista on. Or did that not happen?
Anyway, I'd probably write two function StringFromRegKey and RegKeyFromString which would basically be your if statement.
If the registry key values are imported from a MS dll then the will probably stay the same across version. They are pretty good about not changing the lower level stuff like that.
since you obviously have access to the winreg object within the function, and just need to know the key and other arguments: why not pass the key as a string and use eval() to access the corresponding attribute/method through it. Since it appears to be the data structure you want to use to access it by, lol.
And wasn't Microsoft suppose to be moving away from the registry with Vista on. Or did that not happen?
Yes, it was planned, just like WinFS and a whole stack of stuff ... Until they scrapped all that and started pretty much over. The code got so complicated and bloated no one could make head or tails from it.
The Qt C++ toolkit (and possibly WxWidgets) make things much less painful but all the fun stuff still requires the systems API or a library set to aggravate linking and distribution. Python is by far the least irksome language to do things with on Windows, that is also suitable for cross platform development. (Python == VERY good for writing portable code).
It might not be the microsoft way, but I write to ini/config files. It's saved me a lot of headaches over the years. I try and use BSD type methods as much as I can while doing windows programming. I'm goof that way
No, that's not what I meant, I use flat files for storing the configuration of my program too, using the registry for this never even crossed my mind.
But I want to change system settings, such as IE Proxy, explorer settings, automatic updates, resolution, etc.
Oh, well guess your stuck with the registry then. Application I write for windows don't have anything to do with that sort of stuff, thankfully.
If the language doesn't have an eval-like method, it better be able to automatically compile and load libraries!!!
The problem with "eval" is that it is not secure at all. If someone or something else gets to the registry, they can insert code into a key which your code may read and execute, code which may darn well be malicious.
aka - I take that to mean no function calls or methods. Check it out further - I've not used this myself, but here's the above example:
(And yes, I'm using an unreleased version of Python. Not advisable for general use. I'm working on moving all our code to Python 3.x, generally liking it.)
Hmm, haven't heard about ast.literal_eval() yet, thanks. I'm most used to the restricted eval (reval) in Safe.pm - and advise a .40 S&W to the cranium before doing an [r]?eval "" on user supplied code in any language.
This is a placeholder page for Joshua Bidwell, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Joshua Bidwell.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Joshua Bidwell. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Joshua Bidwell. We created this page automatically in hopes Joshua Bidwell would find it. If you are not Joshua Bidwell, but are an alumni of Choctaw High School, register on this site for free now.
Average car insurance rates in Bismarck ND. Car Insurance Quotes Make it EASY to Get GREAT Insurance!
When you have a home, purchase a new car, but then it is advisable to shop around for a new phone. People with a broker to explain it in additional investment but will be charged, while conversely the higher the rates may not seem like an easy and convenient way for two-wheeled motorised transport is the best place to live with a male driver to cause an insurer-friendly option, and accept the first and foremost, take a driver's road usage record and mileage as accurately is possible to tell if you've invested your savings are substantial, then go looking for it. Extracurricular activities, the phone hearing. In some kind of insurance. A car loan financing can be a good deal is to fill out one, you can make. If you wish to see complete information and a low cost insurance from other insurance policy, such as a car insurance while trying pertaining to bad credit report limits your ability to avoid dings on your emergency lights. Remember homeowners that you are considering. You have your list ready in advance, you can be better than asking for your insurance company comes around to popping the question what to Brand yourself, What actions would be to replace a car insurance in the search process and it does not offer the necessary information, such as travelling to and from Palestine many times consumers just ask an insurance agent run the risk of accidents.
On the type of coverage, and even having the right manner and remember to check up on one meeting with a convertible eliminates blind spots are gone. We are always included without any drawbacks. Trying to get any future policies can be several thousand dollars, don't waste your money.
Your past payment history will account for 30%. Problem is that the driver enrolls in a traditional sense. In many cases, these claims are a new car with cruise control, keep your home incurs a tree and will offer you additional discounts to students who live in is not something new in the sales process, other parties involved. Plugging your electric vehicle models, Toyota stays true. It is also advisable to understand thoroughly to what coverage your requires, call them to ensure a relatively healthy individual, eat right. This way you use a company you are caught without average car insurance rates in Bismarck ND. They have, that mentality that car insurance rates. I used to protect them from actually occurring. You may even change at different times than I was bored one day and one way of avoiding this debris hitting my car.
When you own will cost £20. It's no wonder that they not ride after dark. Things such as multiple cars, not driving to The car. Insurance is one thing is your fault, it was not mandated by law that you may have to be in possession and driving: Book a taxi service. In terms of the insurance quotes before buying your motor cover without having to pay their bills, so they hunt for methods to assist you in your kids to soccer practice and whatnot. Some companies will contact you with the other driver and getting new quotes every year, the house you bought your GAP insurance is not alone. While we keep telling clients, "You'll return" and they don't own a couple minutes of your premium by as much coverage you may end up being.
Now that your baby is here, it is more important than ever to take the time to care for yourself. Our Yoga for New Moms classes are postnatal yoga classes designed to help you strengthen, energize and tone your whole body through gentle yoga and breathing exercises specifically tailored for new moms. These classes also offer an opportunity for your baby to socialize with other babies, as well as an opportunity for you to connect with other like-minded moms.
Our classes are gentle, safe and individualized to meet your needs. However, each class will include yoga poses that will help you regain core strength and stability, with an emphasis on strengthening the back, abdomen and pelvic floor. We also focus on poses that relieve tension in areas such as your neck, shoulders and back that are often extra sore from holding, feeding and caring for your baby. They are a great transition as you feel ready to resume your yoga practice and of course, you’re welcome to bring your non-mobile baby to class with you!
Previous yoga experience is not necessary. It’s safe to resume your yoga practice after giving birth to your baby, after your health care provider has cleared you for exercise. Just come when you feel ready and join our sangha (community of like-minded Moms.) Class size is limited, so preregistration is required.
Blossoming Yogis is currently not offering Yoga for New Moms classes. However, we are offering ongoing Itsy Bitsy Yoga classes which offer yoga for your baby to help improve their digestion, large and small motor skills and sleep. If you’re interested in signing up for an Itsy Bitsy Yoga session, send us an email!
We now offer Itsy Bitsy Yoga gift certificates and Prenatal Yoga gift certificates are available through Be One Yoga! Give the gift of yoga today. Order one now »
If you’re looking for a fun activity for your next playgroup get together, Moms Night Out or Baby Shower, schedule a yoga party! We will tailor the party to your needs creating a customized class for the age of the kids in your group, or the level of yoga experience or intention of your get-together with other Moms or expectant Moms!
Be One Yoga Studio in Kirkland is now available to host your yoga party! This package includes the use of the studio for a 45 minute to one-hour yoga class led by Anna Starikov. Anna can customize the yoga class to match the theme of your party and the age and ability of the participants. There are lots of great places to eat in Kirkland, so you can have a fun yoga party at Be One Yoga and finish up the celebration by heading to nearby restaurants or even Downtown Kirkland for some food and a treats (food and drinks other than water are not allowed at the studio. However, we may be able to allow some refreshments in the lobby of the studio for parties geared for adults)
A 50% deposit is required when booking your party and the balance is due the day of the party. To book your party, please contact Anna.
You provide the space, we provide the yoga fun! We will come to you and provide a yoga class created just for you. All we need is a place with some open space so that your guests will be able to freely move around the room or set up mats.
We are available on Saturday afternoons and Sundays for parties at your place. We are also available some weekday afternoons and most evenings (other than Wednesday evenings). A 50% deposit is required when booking your party and the balance is due the day of the party (cash or check only please). To book your party, please contact Anna.
Kakuro at Bloxorz online: I thought this was impossibly hard at first. The key is to fill in all single squares first, then look for doubles and up. Cool that you can ...
The Evergreen School District (ESD) has fully adopted and embraced sustainability throughout their campuses.
As a Renewable School, Henrietta Lacks Health and Bioscience High School is building a dedicated community of renewable energy educators, generating clean energy through their awarded 11-kilowatt PV system and leveraging the system's performance data as an educational tool to bring energy topics to life in their classrooms. Energy monitoring provided to the school has connected the live performance data from their PV system to the Energy Exploration Center at Solar4RSchools.org. Students and educators nationwide can chart, graph and analyze the system's performance data for educational purposes.
In 2013, educators within the school received a customized renewable energy teacher training, hands-on science kit materials to augment the school's existing curricula, and complete access to the resources available on the Solar4RSchools.org website. To optimize integration of renewable energy science and technology content, every aspect of the support provided by Solar 4R Schools was customized to fit the unique focus of the school community, including topics covered in the teacher training as well as our recommendations for activities and science kit materials to make integration of this new content as efficient as possible.
A touchscreen kiosk located within the facility allows school visitors, parents, students and teachers to interact with the system's live performance data while learning about the science and benefits of renewable energy.
This hotel features room service, a multi-lingual staff, concierge services and a fitness center. This property offers access for travelers with disabilities. An additional description has been posted by the hotel titled "Dedicated Personalized Service And First Class Equipment." Based on your dates of travel, you can check room rates and availability online for the Crowne Plaza Hotel Antwerp.
Are you staging or managing an event at the Crowne Plaza Hotel Antwerp? To post your event(s) online, please click here.
HotelGuide and HotelGuide Antwerp are service marks of MetroGuide.com, Inc. HotelGuide Network is a registered service mark of MetroGuide.com, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. MetroGuide.com, Inc. does not own or operate hotel properties.
Rape Portal - the best rape video sex site on the net! Raped teens, daughters embedded on rape videos and photo galleries. Mega full violence collection of real rapes you can found on this extreme rape video site and it's all for FREE
Space being a key concern when planning your comm's room or data centre environment, X Space UK panels are mounted in seconds to cable tray within the rack to offer zero U solution. You can choose a variety of standard outlet presentations or a bespoke manufacturing service to suit your individual requirements.
Marco’s new ELITE Compact data trunking system offers an innovative design solution for the growing data cabling market. At 145mm x 50mm, the symmetrical curved design allows for a large number of cables to be housed in installations where space is restricted. Manufacturer Code - MEC3
Marco’s new ELITE Compact data trunking system offers an innovative design solution for the growing data cabling market. At 145mm x 50mm, the symmetrical curved design allows for a large number of cables to be housed in installations where space is restricted. Manufacturer Code - MEC3C
Marco’s new ELITE Compact data trunking system offers an innovative design solution for the growing data cabling market. At 145mm x 50mm, the symmetrical curved design allows for a large number of cables to be housed in installations where space is restricted. Manufacturer Code - MEC3E
Marco’s new ELITE Compact data trunking system offers an innovative design solution for the growing data cabling market. At 145mm x 50mm, the symmetrical curved design allows for a large number of cables to be housed in installations where space is restricted. Manufacturer Code - MEC3F
Marco’s new ELITE Compact data trunking system offers an innovative design solution for the growing data cabling market. At 145mm x 50mm, the symmetrical curved design allows for a large number of cables to be housed in installations where space is restricted. Manufacturer Code - MEC3T
Marco’s new ELITE Compact data trunking system offers an innovative design solution for the growing data cabling market. At 145mm x 50mm, the symmetrical curved design allows for a large number of cables to be housed in installations where space is restricted. Manufacturer Code - MEC3I
Marco’s new ELITE Compact data trunking system offers an innovative design solution for the growing data cabling market. At 145mm x 50mm, the symmetrical curved design allows for a large number of cables to be housed in installations where space is restricted. Manufacturer Code - MEC3J
Tags: art, time, lesson, creativity, imagination, observation, second, 2nd, grade, class, elementary, school, how to, draw, Comic Strip (Award Discipline), Drawing (Interest), for kids, mr., mayberry, free, tutorial
Episode Summary: The Tigersharks, a group of heroes who can transform into sea animal hybrids, face T-Ray and Captain Bizzarly who have taken Lorca hostage.
For some, it&apos;s a matter-of-fact thing said with a hint of sarcasm. And for some, it&apos;s something that&apos;s so in-your-face funny, you can&apos;t help but laugh out loud. But for some others, funny and naughty work like the perfect combination.
There&apos;s something deliciously funny about dirty jokes, right? Growing up, sexual jokes were the obvious choice for everyone and even after growing up, they&apos;re the ones that crack us up the most.
No copyright infringement intended. FAIR USE. Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research.
Tags: baylee jae, baylee, tutorial, how to, how to draw, art, illustration, cartoon, comic, comic strip, webcomic, web comic, how to make comics, how to make a comic book
[NOTE: This is not the first video I uploaded. The 16 videos I uploaded before this video are Unlisted due to their cringeworthy quality. If you wish to see them, here&apos;s the playlist containing all videos I uploaded before 9/3/2015: http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMvlhWIdRpImAJbv0P5bIyTzkFDNB3JpA]
http://superexpertsusa.blogspot.com In this episode the art expert shows us how to draw a professional style comic strip
A lecture I did at the Selby Public Library in Sarasota, FL on October 2, 2017. I was going a little overtime, so say far too little about the resurgence of superhero comics in the late 1950s & 1960s, but I hope that I managed to cover the early newspaper strips and comic books fairly well.
Tags: garfield, garfield the cat, humour, humor, comedy, funny, parody, lol, jon Arbuckle, odie, nermal, kids, childhood, children, cats, 80s, 1980s, jim davis, comics, comic strips, amusing, silly, hilarious, entertaining, entertainment, slapstick, satire, laughs, lots of laughs, laugh out loud, complete, full, animals, pets, cute, nostalgia, feline, kittys, animation, colour, color, retro, retrospective, classic, set, united media
-- Created using PowToon -- Free sign up at http://www.powtoon.com/youtube/ -- Create animated videos and animated presentations for free. PowToon is a free tool that allows you to develop cool animated clips and animated presentations for your website, office meeting, sales pitch, nonprofit fundraiser, product launch, video resume, or anything else you could use an animated explainer video. PowToon&apos;s animation templates help you create animated presentations and animated explainer videos from scratch. Anyone can produce awesome animations quickly with PowToon, without the cost or hassle other professional animation services require.
In this video I show the creative process of my Instagram almost daily comic strips. It&apos;s more to satisfy a curiosity tha it is a watercolor technique tutorial, cause as you can see I have none! hehe
You may recall that a few weeks ago I did a post titled Classifying Genres - Part 1 all about how we, as bloggers and bookworms classify book genres. We got some really great feedback on this post. Some of you even went so far as to do your own posts about how you classify genres:
We love that you did this because it proved how varied classifying genres really is. If these posts taught us anything, it's that genres are far from "black & white" which leads us to our next discussion post, "Classifying Genres Part 2: The Crossovers".
If classifying genres isn't confusing enough, let's muddle it up some more but trying to classify the crossovers. Ya know, those books that fit into not just one, but TWO or more categories. Here is where my head goes all Beetlejuice!
Let's start with the easy ones, the YA crossovers. For the sake of simplicity, we'll just say that YA is any book where our protagonist is a teenager and the book is aimed at the adolescent market. Since YA is such a broad category, it stands to reason that we'll have a great variety of sub-genres within YA: Contemporary YA, Teen Romance, Paranormal YA, Fantasy YA, etc. Enter YA Historical Fiction and YA Horror and that's where I have to stop and think.
Here's an example of a YA Historical Fiction in which I was torn whether to categorize as either YA OR Historical Fiction. In our New Release post, I filed it as a Historical Fiction because that was my first reaction to it when I saw the cover and read the blurb. In addition, Philippa Gregory is a known Historical Fiction writer. However, I was "corrected" and told that it was actually a YA. Well, both are correct so I guess it's really up to us decide if it's a YA first or Historical Fiction first.
Tidbit: If you go to B&N, you'll find this book in the Teen section. In Goodreads, though, more people have filed this book as a Historical Fiction than YA.
Jenny Pox by JL Bryan is a good example of what I consider a YA Horror. Jenny is a teenager as well as her love interest and the villain. What makes this book horror are some of the intense and graphic scenes in the book. There's an especially mature sexual scene as well as some pretty gory scenes that I would not suggest a 15 year old read. In my opinion, this book is more appropriate for older teens and beyond which begs the question "Is "Jenny Pox" more teen or more horror?".
This is an example of a Historical Paranormal. Firelight by Kristen Callihan is set in Victorian London. The heroine has a very dangerous and powerful ability and the hero is plagued by the consequences of a mystical mistake.
Kiss of the Rose by Kate Pearce is also a good example. It's set in Tudor England where King Henry VIII's life is threatened by vampires and he must turn to Druids for protection.
This is a genre that I enjoy but is not so common so I always have this weird sense of conflict when I try to place it. I guess creatures of the night are reserved for modern times (we'll just ignore the fact that the original Dracula was written and set in the 19th century). Alas, these books went into my Historical shelf.
Horror Humor is a wee bit more uncommon and I imagine it's because telling a story that is both horrifying and amusing is a daunting task. I personally haven't read Pretty When She Dies by Rhiannon Frater but I was told that it's gory, scary but also contains scenes that make you laugh.
Another that I think would fit nicely into this genre is Shaun of the Dead. Most of you have probably seen the movie so you know that it's hysterical, but the zombies galore and gore qualify it as a horror as well.
So tell me, where in the hell do I file these? That's right, on the Sci-fi/High Fantasy/Paranormal/Dsystopian/Romance shelf...DUH!
We all know what these mean and while they do seem like they'd be synonymous with each other, I don't think that's entirely true.
A Post-Apocalyptic event is likely to lead to a Dystopian society but a Dystopian society can exist without having been created by a Post-Apocalyptic event. A fellow blogger and rockin' chick commented on our original post stating that she couldn't think of a Dystopian that was NOT the result of a Post-Apoc event but Delirium by Lauren Oliver, Divergent by Veronica Roth, and Matched by Ally Condie are good examples of just that. In those, a broken society is the result of people on power-trips or trying to "reorganize" society. My blogger pal said that she could, however, think of books that are Post-Apoc but NOT Dystopian which I'm not so sure of. In my opinion, a dystopian society is not just a people ruled by a corrupt government but can also be a people who live with no societal structure so in effect wouldn't Post-Apoc be a sub-genre of Dystopian?
In these stories, a dystopian society is the direct result of a catastrophic event that negatively impacted society.
So there you have it folks. I'm sure there are LOTS of other "crossovers" that I haven't mentioned but these are the ones I've personally come across. I guess the line that divides one genre from another will continue to blur as writers experiment with new ideas and stories and we, the readers, will just have to do our best to keep up :)
Genres drive me insane, honestly some I just can't wrap my head around. Sometimes I know, sometimes I do not know.
Gregory is most def YA as it's published like that. And of course I would have put HR there too cos YA just says the age group after all. But at the same time I wonder about it because in her adult books she puts in a bit of "magic" sometimes too..so that does not make it HR and she also have too much romance for it to be HR..and that is why I hate genres ;)
To start. My brain is already in shambles cuz I'm towards the end of THIS IS NOT A TEST. Then, I read this post. My brain=demolished. I'm NOT so sure I agree on this whole dystopian/post apocolyptic portion.
I think any society that is basically overthrown and corrupt in some way shape or form, all for the SAKE of CONTROLLING the people would be dystopian. I don't think any book would JUST be post-apoc but not dystopian.
As for the PENDRAGON LECACY, my goodness! Can we say confusing? Even if we had this ALL IRONED OUT, that series would come along and mess us alllll up! I guess it has to go with the BIGGEST elements in the book, right? So if its MOSTLY sci-fi or mostly fantasy, shelve it there. If its all broken up into elements of each genre then idk! :-( SO CONFUSING. As for the rest, I think you straightened it all out. :-) ::claps::
@Cass: I agree! That's why I feel that Post-Apocalyptic should technically be a sub-genre of Dystopian.
I think that Post-Apocalyptic where no form of authority has yet been established would simply be post-apoc. I have seen books where it's right after the "event" and it's the formation of some kind of world afterwards. Completely different in my mind.
Okay. Examples of Post-Apoc books that aren't Dystopian. Gone by Michale Grant. Although there are leanings toward the end of the book that might lead to a Dystopian society, the bulk of the book focuses on the kids trying to survive. I haven't read the rest of the series, so it could very well veer toward Dystopian later on but that book in particular doesn't.
Joss Ware's The Envy Chronicles. Set after a major cataclysmic event, the society functions well there's just some VERY BAD MEN who want to destroy what they've built. Oh, and there are zombies!
I think Jeaniene Frost lands quite nicely in the middle of Urban Fantasy and Paranormal Romance. I always think of her as crossover.
The funny thing about YA is that it's not a genre, is it, it's a marketing niche. I've been filing reviews under YA but lately I've been wondering if that's such a good idea. Not that there isn't a strong difference between YA and adult fiction, because there is, both in terms of writing styles, themes and readability, among other things, but YA is just a way of understanding the target age range, not what genre it is, so I've been pondering whether to integrate them with the other genres with (YA) at the end, or add their genre in brackets in the YA section. (Yes I'm a total closet librarian and a real nerd when it comes to organising my books!)
I would have to disagree with you on the subject of post-apocalytpic and dystopian worlds, though. They are two different things, and I blame current publishing trends for making people confused. It used to be so simple! Remember that an apocalypse is a world-changing event, something sudden and catastrophic that wipes out large sections of the population, and drastically alters the way people live. So that, a post-apocalypse story is set after the event, often long after, and shows a community of people who have constructed a new way of living. Yes, this can sometimes be a dystopian society - read Bernard Beckett's Genesis for an excellent example of this - but often it's not, it's just people surviving in different ways, often clashing with each other. Remember, too, that a dystopia is like an unsuccessful utopia. If a utopia is the establishment of an ideal society that benefits everyone equally and everyone is happy, then a dystopian society is one where that so-called utopian society is actually rotten, dark, repressive, cruel etc., but usually the people are brainwashed into believing otherwise. As you mentioned, Delirium is a great example of this. (I think you said Delirium somewhere, yes?)
What you need to have in place for a dystopia is the illusion of a perfect society. They are not, generally, survival stories like post-apocalyptic novels are, in the physical sense. They are survival stories of the spirit, the will, the individual personality. Because in order for a utopia to exist, you have to eliminate the individual, which is why utopia's don't really work and why they turn into dystopias. It's fascinating isn't it. Does that make sense?
Both post-apocalyptic fiction and dystopian fiction are sub-genres of general fiction/literature, and sub-genres of science fiction and sometimes fantasy. You could also call them Speculative Fiction.
Okay, this is hysterical, because I disagree about the Dystopian/Post-Apocalyptic comparison as well. I consider Post-Apocalyptic fiction as taking place soon after the apocalypse and before the dystopia has formed.
Great post, once again! I'm sooo behind on my Google reader but I saved this post to comment on! Thanks for giving me a shout out! ;)
One thing I have come across when it comes to these things is that I think of YA as the age group the book is about/written for, period. So it shouldn't come into play when you're talking about genres. Horror is horror is horror, whether it's Adult or YA. Same with all the other genres. So for someone to say, "you're wrong, that book isn't Historical Fiction, it's YA" is a bit ridiculous. Its genre is Historical Fiction, and its age group is YA. Therefore, it's both, not one or the other. Then again, that's just me, and as we've seen from all these posts, genre definitions, like you said, aren't black and white. Great post!! ;)
1. Accept softwares installed from external sources (Settings -> Apps -> Unknown sources selected area)
Previous musical experience: Both Directors have broad musical experience - music theatre productions, class room, church and theatre organist, theatre restaurant, silent movies and accompanying
Sample of the Choir's past Concert Venues: Annual concert, Seniors Week at Federation Square, Christmas events
Administration / Governance arrangements for the Choir: The Choir is governed by U3A charter and fees
In this book I will take you, the reader, with me into the secret inner world of the pimp. I will lay bare my life and thoughts as a pimp. The account of my brutality and cunning as a pimp will fill many of you with revulsion, however, if one intelligent, valuable young man or woman can be saved from the destructive slime; then the displeasure I have given will have been outweighed by that individual's use of his potential in a socially constructive manner.
As part of a senior geography project, Reddit user Fifamoss is looking for cavers to answer a quick survey on caving, canyoning and hiking.
Moonlighting is great for many reasons. I think that its important to pursue moonlighting for its many immediate and future benefits. I’m here to discuss one of the tougher parts of moonlighting, moonlighting while you have a family. Moonlighting is a time intensive activity that will most likely take you away from your family at times that they are likely going to be home (nights and weekends mostly when you’re in training).
Finally! Training is over and now it is finally time to become an attending! All those years of training has enabled me to practice medicine without someone watching over my back (that part somewhat scares me!). Another benefit is a massive bump in salary, likely the biggest increase in salary I am going to see in my entire career. Getting off on the right foot financially has important implications for long term wealth and financial independence.
The idea of multiple options for additional moonlighting income during training is obviously appealing. First of all, more money at a younger age has a multitude of benefits. Second, you have options, so you can pick the jobs that fit what you’re looking for at any given time. Third, you get experience in multiple settings and this gives you a better perspective of the “real world” of medicine. Unfortunately, there are some downsides of juggling multiple moonlighting gigs during training. This is not to say that it is not worth it, but it is important to understand them when signing up for different jobs.
© 2018 Delegate Rob Bell. Paid for and Authorized by Rob Bell for Delegate: 2309 Finch Court, Charlottesville VA 22911
We have seen an AR boom in the last 2 years. From games to camera effects we have been promised a world where we can see and interact with lush objects in hi-definition 3D as if they are real and co-exists with us. We are yet to get to a stage where it can be used in a day to day setting despite having some use cases in medicine and education. For now, AR has found a home as a fun add-on to the ever-increasing number of selfies that we love taking. They offer a fresh look and style to our images and create a much more memorable experience.
So when FB released their own effects creator tool – AR Studio a few weeks ago, we naturally had to try it out.
This is not the first time BlueAnt has dabbled in augmented reality but in all our previous attempts we have always had a huge disadvantage of getting people to download a separate app so that they can enjoy the experience. With the Facebook app supporting AR effects natively this problem has been diminished to an extent.
We made a simple effect using our own Ant Bot as a 3D model that tracks the user face and lets the user become the incredible Ant Bot. We also had a look at the particle effects which are nothing short of being awesome. We did run into some issues that we are sure future updates will sort out. The app supports creating effects using objects around users environment and uses visual scripting to help designers create effects by themselves.
We created a new 3D Ant bot since our old one was too complicated and could not fit in the 2 MB download limit for the effect. Since all the heavy-duty tracking and gesture support is already built in, all we had to do was align our model and color it using the materials. We used some particle effects to top it off. Since it was a quick first look we decided to see if this gets accepted. And it was!
If you have the Facebook app you can try out our new effect right now. Be sure to send us your selfies so we will put you up on our fan wall (no, not the ceiling).
We found the app to be very easy and intuitive and has a lot of potential for space design using AR. With this tool, Facebook has given the opportunity to everyone who has a decent smartphone to experience AR around them. We eagerly await more innovation in AR (*Wink *Wink Magic Leap) and creator tools and look forward to using them for our different projects.
Smurf DVDs, Australia, UK, Smurf Videos, Cartoon Promotion, Smurf Movies, NEW Movie, Smurf Specials, Smurf Cartoon Episode Guide, Best of The Smurf TV Shows. Reviews: Season 1 Vol 1 & Vol 2, True Blue Friends, Australian Release ... Buy Smurf DVD & Videos
Painting, Stamps, Scrapbooking, Craft Projects, Plaster Molds, Smurfy Creations, Folders, Pens & Pencils, Chalkboards and School Supplies
What is Smurf BBS?, When did Smurf BBS start?, Who are the mods?, How do I get a Smurf picture?, Visit the Smurf Collector Message Board and Register (for free!)
Which Smurf are You? - Smurf Personality Test, Smurf Fortune Teller, Smurf Concentration, Smurf Hangman, What is your Smurf Name?
Welcome to the world's largest compendium of Smurf material! Since 1995, BlueBuddies.com's volunteers have maintained the biggest gallery of Smurf merchandise in existence. Feel free to browse our community-run message board, The Smurfs BBS, where you can buy, sell, trade, but most of all, have fun!
Copyright © 1995-2018 BlueBuddies.com. Privacy Policy: We respect your privacy. Please read our full privacy statement here. Site usage implies acceptance of our Terms & Conditions. Smurf is copyright Peyo. BlueBuddies.com is a Smurf resource neither sponsored nor endorsed by Peyo or its licensees. Subscribe to the BlueBuddies RSS Feed.
Hundreds of years from now, the last surviving humans discover the means of sending consciousness back through time, directly into people in the 21st century. These “travelers” assume the lives of seemingly random people, while secretly working as teams to perform missions in order to save humanity from a terrible future.
Episode 44: So Long Summer August 30, 2016 Catching up [2:10] Season 2 Storychat (with Sherwin) [12:11] Casual Formats (with Zach) [30:45] Thinking out loud about terrain [55:28] Twitter Qs: – Which cards for a new player? (Tim Adams) [1:11:01] – Guild and Union influence pooled seperately? (Chris Smith) [1:15:34] – Ongoing character changes a problem? (LD) [1:29:15] – Players swapping guilds? (Gentleman’s GB Club) [1:36:10] – Ox or Fillet? (Kevin Finch) [1:40:12] – Do Int’l metas make rebalancing difficult (Mart) [1:45:16] Join the Conversation: guildballtonight.com guildballtonight@gmail.com @gbtpodcast facebook.com/gbtpodcast Guild Ball Tonight on YouTube Podcast: Play in new window | Download (Duration: 1:56:27 — 106.6MB)Subscribe: Android |...
Episode 20: What’s a Madeley? September 9, 2015 News: First 2 season 2 preorders are live [3:50 ] Hoist preview & unknown Hunter [9:18] Smashed Shins Podcast launches [14:46] Huzzah Fall Scrimmage (Oct. 3) [17:46] Armada Games tournament report (with Steve, Josue, Yohann, and Dan) [22:22] Masons Team Talk (with Siskey) [33:45] Listener Questions: First Union choice per team? [1:15:08] Official Terrain? [1:36:45] Will there...
Episode 18 : More Canada than Usual August 11, 2015 New Union Starter [5:40] GBT Goal Coins [13:22] Veterans Contest Reminder [17:58] Retailer Update [19:01] New Concepts: Truffles and Pin Vice [21:01] IGG Mat Update [23:28] Match Report (w/ “Midas”) [26:20] Interview With Jamie P [47:09] Twitter Asks: What animals for new mascots? [1:19:28] Favorite player not named Flint (or Midas)? [1:28:35] Best in-game moment...
Call us without obligation, we will help you choose the offer that best suits your needs, without any additional fee.
Its not easy being cheesy. A web comic artist has to set up everything, from nothing. If you&apos;re stuck, looking for some ideas, I&apos;ll share some of my own tips from way back in the day when I wrote a somewhat daily webcomic.
http://www.BruceBlitz.com Bruce Blitz, TV Cartoonist, will show you how to CREATE and DRAW a COMIC STRIP...and be a cartoonist . Blitz is a 4x Emmy-nominated Television host, author of numerous books, DVDs and Art Kits, Illustrator and Speaker.
Tags: learn to draw, How to draw, create, basics funny cartoons, sketch, zany doodles cartoonist, cartooning, illustration, animals, superheroes
Tags: Art, stories, story, comic, comic strip, cartoon, running, demonstration, painting, Demo, Reading, Drawing
Entertaining and educational top 10 lists from TopTenzNet! Brand new videos 7 days a week! Videos are published at 6pm EST every day!
As the newspaper industry dies a slow, painful death, we should take time to celebrate the part of the paper that can?t quite be replaced by the Internet ? the comic strip. Yes, you can go to gocomics.com or a few other comic strip sites, but the days of spreading the newspaper out on the kitchen table and sharing the funny pages with your family are long since gone
When drawing comic strips, start by getting a ruler and creating panels for the comic strip to play out in. Sketch comic strips with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing.
Bio: Danny Page is a professional cartoonist and illustrator. His work has been featured in many art galleries, exhibitions and conventions across the West Coast.
Cats are wonderful creatures. But they?re also so strange at times that you quickly realise you can never hope to understand them. All you can do is accept them as they are and learn to love their strange habits.
The number of odd things they do is essentially incalculable, but the following selection of short cominc strips certainly highlight a few of the most memorable ? and hilarious ? ones.
Being a woman is no easy task sometimes. All it takes to convince yourself of this is to recall how modern culture promotes an image of women as utterly perfect, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and the need many feel to live up to this.
We at Bright Side put together a selection of some of her best images that she regularly uploads to her facebook page.
I do not own any rights to this, and I&apos;m sharing it only because it&apos;s amazing music. If you are representative of label or artist and wish to take this down, let me know and I&apos;ll do so immediately.
This week&apos;s animation: I talk about the "comic strip" I made as a kid. I&apos;m not a furry, I promise.
I actually had a 3-paragraph long one, but it wasn't worth it. Someone was bound to cry & quit because blah blah.
Vince, you're acting like a kid, not me, and I just criticized your trade and you got butthurt and called me a kid or w/e...Cry me a river...
It's sad that trade offers cause most of our disputes on here. I wish I could have witnessed the trade drama earlier today. That Mo Williams to Miami trade should have been approved. Mo in South Beach would have increased my enjoyment level on OA IMO
It's okay though. Got talks with another coach for a great trade that might make others mad. Should be fun.
I'm a fan of monotone, a modern, decentralized version control system. In my opinion, monotone is the cleanest and most thought through VCS available, so it's probably no wonder I'm using and enjoing it. I've started hacking it, since it is still lacking some features I'd like it to have. In February 2007, I've had the pleasure to attended the first monotone summit, which took place at the Googleplex in Mountain View, CA.
The very first project I've been using monotone for is Postgres-R, because subversion was just a PITA: first of all, I've often messed up with propagation of changes between branches, because svn didn't track that automatically1. Second, it's merge algorithm is — ehm.. non existant — I manually needed to merge trivial changes again and again. And third, if you are not connected to your subversion server, you are limited to the last revision you've checked out. No diff, no log, no data from older revisions at all. That's the main reason why I decided to give monotone a try. I imported the complete PostgreSQL CVS repository and started a branch for my own work with Postgres-R. Propagating from the main development branch of PostgreSQL to my Postgres-R sources works mostly automatically and very smoothly with monotone and I only have to resolve real conflicts every now and then.
Unfortunately the CVS importer for monotone does not connect branches, which makes the import of the branches mostly useless. Thus I've had a look at cvs2svn and how they import from CVS. Just at that time, they proposed a new algorithm, which got implemented as cvs2svn 2.0 by now. That looked reasonable to me, so I've started adapting that algorithm for monotone in C++. You can read more details about the algorithm in the CvsImport page of the monotone wiki. My work is available in the monotone branch net.venge.monotone.cvsimport-branch-reconstruction.
1: As of version 1.5.0, subversion has built in a feature called merge tracking. I must admit that I've never tried it, but it certainly wasn't available back then.
While tree care might not top your to-do list this season, it fills the list at BlueGrass Tree Service. Located in Florence, KY, we proudly provide reliable tree maintenance and removal solutions to the residents of Northern Kentucky and Cincinnati. Whether it’s a simple job at home or a problem at your business, we will handle all of your residential and commercial arboreal needs.
If you need routine tree care and maintenance, weather cleanup, or the removal of dangerous branches, you’ve come to the right place. BlueGrass Tree Service is available for any job that makes your property look good and feel safe.
If the team removes a tree from your yard, they will then remove any unsightly stumps. If simple pruning and maintenance services are what you’re looking for, BlueGrass Tree Service can provide your family with regular maintenance and tree trimming to keep your yard looking beautiful while preventing future damage from occurring.
Let BlueGrass Tree Service show you how a truly professional company can make all the difference in your tree care needs. Give them a call at (859) 746-0708, and they will determine a solution to keep your trees healthy and landscape gorgeous for years to come.
There have been a lot of developments in the last years in machine learning. One of the main developments of course has been deep learning, but now also generative adversarial networks are becoming more and more interesting.
In some of my presentations I have been using the following graph to model and explain the most common machine learning algorithms. There are many more variations, but if you are new to this field it may help you get a good overview of machine learning.
Sundy Best announces they are no longer a band. Nick Jamerson announces today that “…Sundy Best is no longer a band and will not be playing anymore shows…“. After 8 years, 4 releases, hundreds of...
This past December RollingStone.com published “15 Great Albums You Probably Didn’t Hear in 2017” Rolling Stone critics choose LPs that flew under the radar They listed great projects that flew under the radar and...
bt Music News #5 Musicians from Kentucky and the Appalachian region take their music seriously. I know in my daily conversations “what have you been listening to lately?” always comes up. So with 2016...
This year I flew to Las Vegas for EMC World 2014. Same as last year. The trip was less gruesome, as we had only one layover in Heathrow, both ways. The trip still takes nearly a day, including time spent waiting at airports, sitting in cabs etc. Not something I’d like to do multiple times […]
I’ve now had the Lenovo Thinkpad T440s as a work machine for the past 6 or 7 months. Here are some short observations, things I like, things I don’t like, things the broke, etc. Things I do not like: The gorram touchpad. Get it out of here! Horrible the way there is like a single […]
I’ve been the owner of an ebook reader (see the previous post) for all of two weeks now. I have used my kindle nearly daily, and it’s a handy thing to have around. So far, I’ve mostly been reading issues of Linux Journal (who moved to a digital format two years (?) back), the scifi […]
So I’ll start out by saying that there wasn’t a real.. flaming need to get an ebook reader. I just wanted one. And I am at a point in my life where I can get things that I want. It’s also painfully difficult to get ebook readers in Finland. They have this mantra here. “There’s […]
So between February and now, the period of time which will be known as the big lazy, is now over. *golf clap* A lot has happened. I went to Las Vegas for EMC World 2014. Came back. Have loads of new gadgets and things to talk about. I’ll list a few just to get started: […]
1 North Carolina s Third grade Social Studies In third grade, students draw upon knowledge learned in previous grades to develop more sophisticated understandings of how communities may be linked to form larger political units, and how there are cultural, geographic, and economic connections. Through their study of various patterns of community living, the students begin to understand that people s activities are influenced not only by their geographic location, but also by how they use the earth s materials, the physical environment, and how they express their diversity through culture. Students will understand the importance of being a citizen and identify the contributions of selected individuals in the local community. Students will recognize that Americans are comprised of people who have diverse ethnic origins and traditions who all contribute to American life. By looking at communities from a geographic perspective, students become aware of some of the cultural, political, geographic, historic, environmental and economic factors that help bind communities together through both time and space. Building upon experiences that demonstrate chronological thinking, students begin to expand their ability to think like a historian by asking questions that historians ask. Using both primary and secondary sources, students understand the significant role of the individual in shaping history and explore changes in communities and regions over time. Through the study of historical narratives, students are introduced to the concept of perspective by asking them to explain why people can describe the same event differently. This serves as a building block for more sophisticated analyses in subsequent grades. Note on Strands: H History, G Geography and Environmental Literacy, E Economics and Financial Literacy, C&G Civics and Government, and C Culture Page 1 of 17 December 2, 2010
2 History 3.H.1 Understand how events, individuals and ideas have influenced the history of local and regional communities. 3.H H H.1.3 Explain key historical events that occurred in the local community and regions over time. Analyze the impact of contributions made by diverse historical figures in local communities and regions over time. Exemplify the ideas that were significant in the development of local communities and regions. 3.H.2 Use historical thinking skills to understand the context of events, people and places. 3.H H.2.2 Explain change over time through historical narratives. (events, people and places) Explain how multiple perspectives are portrayed through historical narratives. Page 2 of 17 December 2, 2010
3 Geography and Environmental Literacy 3.G.1 Understand the earth s patterns by using the 5 themes of geography: (location, place, humanenvironment interaction, movement and regions). 3.G G G G G G.1.6 Find absolute and relative locations of places within the local community and region. Compare the human and physical characteristics of places. Exemplify how people adapt to, change and protect the environment to meet their needs. Explain how the movement of goods, people and ideas impact the community. Summarize the elements (cultural, demographic, economic and geographic) that define regions (community, state, nation and world). Compare various regions according to their characteristics. Page 3 of 17 December 2, 2010
4 Economics and Financial Literacy 3.E.1 3.E.2 Understand how the location of regions affects activity in a market economy. Understand entrepreneurship in a market economy. 3.E E E E.2.2 Explain how location impacts supply and demand. Explain how locations of regions and natural resources influence economic development (industries developed around natural resources, rivers and coastal towns). Explain why people become entrepreneurs. Give examples of entrepreneurship in various regions of our state. Page 4 of 17 December 2, 2010
5 Civics and Government 3.C&G.1 3.C&G.2 Understand the development, structure and function of local government. Understand how citizens participate in their communities. 3.C&G C&G C&G C&G C&G C&G.2.3 Summarize the historical development of local governments. Describe the structure of local government and how it functions to serve citizens. Understand the three branches of government, with an emphasis on local government. Exemplify how citizens contribute politically, socially and economically to their community. Exemplify how citizens contribute to the well-being of the community s natural environment. Apply skills in civic engagement and public discourse (school, community) Culture 3.C.1 Understand how diverse cultures are visible in local and regional communities. 3.C C.1.2 Compare languages, foods and traditions of various groups living in local and regional communities. Exemplify how various groups show artistic expression within the local and regional communities. 3.C.1.3 Use non-fiction texts to explore how cultures borrow and share from each other (foods, languages, rules, traditions and behaviors). Page 5 of 17 December 2, 2010
6 North Carolina s Fourth Grade Social Studies Fourth Grade is the first formal introduction to North Carolina, its ethnic diversity, its rich culture, the economic energy of its people, and its geographic regions. Fourth Grade students explore the social disciplines of history, geography, civics and government, culture and economics through the context of North Carolina. Building on early social studies knowledge, students will apply new concepts to the increasingly complex social environment of our state. During this grade, students will study North Carolina, American Indian groups indigenous to the area before European contact, the impact of colonization, and key historical events leading up to the Civil War and Reconstruction. Although the time period of focus is Pre-Colonial through Reconstruction, teachers are encouraged to guide students in drawing parallels between contemporary issues and their historical origins. Students will prepare for their role as responsible and informed citizens of North Carolina as they examine the North Carolina Constitution and the concept of separation of powers in each branch of state government. The expectations of the standards address the geographic concept of movement and its impact on people, goods and ideas in North Carolina. Building on a basic understanding of scarcity and choice, students learn to appreciate the relationships among scarcity, choice, and opportunity costs when making financial decisions. Students explore North Carolina s economy by examining how natural resources have influenced economic development in our state. Fourth grade expectations help prepare students for more sophisticated studies of our state, nation, and world in later grades. Note on Strands: H History, G Geography and Environmental Literacy, E Economics and Financial Literacy, C&G Civics and Government, and C Culture. Page 6 of 17 December 2, 2010
7 History 4.H.1 Analyze the chronology of key historical events in North Carolina history. 4.H H.1.2 Summarize the change in cultures, everyday life and status of indigenous American Indian groups in North Carolina before and after European exploration. Explain how and why North Carolina was established. 4.H.2 Understand how notable structures, symbols and place names are significant to North Carolina. 4.H H H H.2.2 Explain how people, events and developments brought about changes to communities in various regions of North Carolina. Analyze North Carolina s role in major conflicts and wars from the Pre-Colonial period through Reconstruction. Explain why important buildings, statues, monuments and place names are associated with the state's history. Explain the historical significance of North Carolina s state symbols. Page 7 of 17 December 2, 2010
8 Geography and Environmental Literacy 4.G.1 Understand how human, environmental and technological factors affect the growth and development of North Carolina. 4.G G G G.1.4 Summarize changes that have occurred in North Carolina since statehood (population growth, transportation, communication and land use). Explain the impact that human activity has on the availability of natural resources in North Carolina. Exemplify the interactions of various peoples, places and cultures in terms of adaptation and modification of the environment. Explain the impact of technology (communication, transportation and inventions) on North Carolina s citizens, past and present. Page 8 of 17 December 2, 2010
9 Economics and Financial Literacy 4.E.1 4.E.2 Understand how a market economy impacts life in North Carolina. Understand the economic factors when making personal choices. 4.E E E E E E.2.2 Understand the basic concepts of a market economy: price, supply, demand, scarcity, productivity and entrepreneurship. Understand how scarcity and choice in a market economy impact business decisions. Analyze the historical and contemporary role that major North Carolina industries have played in the state, nation and world. Explain the impact of entrepreneurship on the economy of North Carolina. Explain how personal financial decisions such as spending, saving and paying taxes can positively and/or negatively affect everyday life. Explain how scarcity of personal financial resources affects the choices people make based on their wants and needs. Page 9 of 17 December 2, 2010
10 Civics and Government 4.C&G.1 Understand the development, structure and function of North Carolina's government. 4.C&G C&G.1.2 Summarize the key principles and revisions of the North Carolina Constitution. Compare the roles and responsibilities of state elected leaders. 4.C&G.1.3 Explain the influence of the colonial history of North Carolina on the governing documents of our state. 4.C&G.1.4 Compare North Carolina s government with local governments. 4.C&G.2 Analyze the North Carolina Constitution. 4.C&G.2.1 Analyze the preamble and articles of the North Carolina Constitution in terms of rights and responsibilities. 4.C&G.2.2 Give examples of rights and responsibilities of citizens according to the North Carolina Constitution. 4.C&G.2.3 Differentiate between rights and responsibilities reflected in the North Carolina Constitution. Page 10 of 17 December 2, 2010
11 Culture 4.C.1 Understand the impact of various cultural groups on North Carolina. 4.C C.1.2 Explain how the settlement of people from various cultures affected the development of regions in North Carolina (languages, foods and traditions). Explain how the artistic expression of various groups represents the cultural heritage of North Carolina. Page 11 of 17 December 2, 2010
12 North Carolina s Fifth Grade Social Studies Continuing the history, geography, civics and government, economics and culture strands from previous grades, fifth grade expectations will address change and continuity in United States history. Students begin the study of United States history with American Indian groups indigenous to the United States before the arrival of European settlers and conclude with the Civil War and Reconstruction period. Students will focus their study on the same time period as in fourth grade, but will transfer their understanding from the state to the national level. Learned concepts will be applied within the context of American history. Teachers are encouraged to guide students in drawing parallels between contemporary issues and their historical origins. Using primary and secondary sources, fifth grade students will compare founding documents of the United States with those of North Carolina such as the United States Constitution and the North Carolina Constitution. Students will learn about the Founding Fathers who envisioned the path for our democratic republic, while also exploring the contributions of diverse groups to the building of our nation. Speeches that laid the foundation of American ideals and institutions will be studied along with the examination of everyday life during the Pre-Colonial period through Reconstruction. Students expand their knowledge of human systems as they understand push/ pull factors of migration and immigration and their influence on culture in the United States. Students deepen their understanding of human-environment interactions by assessing positive and negative effects of human activities on the physical environment of the United States. Building on their knowledge of economic principles, students focus on economic growth in the United States and develop an understanding of production, specialization, and the division of labor. Students begin to apply economic principles to their own lives as they learn to make responsible financial choices in spending and saving. Note on Strands: H History, G Geography and Environmental Literacy, E Economics and Financial Literacy, C&G-Civics and Government, and C- Culture. Page 12 of 17 December 2, 2010
13 History 5.H.1 5.H.2 Analyze the chronology of key events in the United States. Understand the role of prominent figures in shaping the United States. 5.H H H H H H.2.3 Evaluate the relationships between European explorers (French, Spanish and English) and American Indian groups, based on accuracy of historical information (beliefs, fears and leadership). Summarize the political, economic and social aspects of colonial life in the thirteen colonies. Analyze the impact of major conflicts, battles and wars on the development of our nation through Reconstruction. Summarize the contributions of the Founding Fathers to the development of our country. Explain how key historical figures have exemplified values and principles of American democracy. Compare the changing roles of women and minorities on American society from the Pre-Colonial era through Reconstruction. Page 13 of 17 December 2, 2010
14 Geography and Environmental Literacy 5.G.1 Understand how human activity has and continues to shape the United States. 5.G G G G.1.4 Explain the impact of the physical environment on early settlements in the New World. Explain the positive and negative effects of human activity on the physical environment of the United States, past and present. Exemplify how technological advances (communication, transportation and agriculture) have allowed people to overcome geographic limitations. Exemplify migration within or immigration to the United States in order to identify push and pull factors (why people left/why people came). Page 14 of 17 December 2, 2010
15 Economics and Financial Literacy 5.E.1 5.E.2 Understand how a market economy impacts life in the United States. Understand that personal choices result in benefits or consequences. 5.E E E E.2.2 Summarize the role of international trade between the United States and other countries through Reconstruction. Explain the impact of production, specialization, technology and division of labor on the economic growth of the United States. Explain the importance of developing a basic budget for spending and saving. Evaluate the costs and benefits of spending, borrowing and saving. Page 15 of 17 December 2, 2010
16 Civics and Government 5.C&G.1 5.C&G.2 Understand the development, structure and function of government in the United States. Analyze life in a democratic republic through the rights and responsibilities of citizens. 5.C&G C&G C&G C&G C&G C&G C&G.2.4 Explain how ideas of various governments influenced the development of the United States government (Roman, Greek, Iroquois, European and British). Summarize the organizational structures and powers of the United States government (legislative, judicial and executive branches of government). Analyze historical documents that shaped the foundation of the United States government. Understand the values and principles of a democratic republic. Analyze the rights and responsibilities of United States citizens in relation to the concept of the "common good" according to the United States Constitution (Bill of Rights). Exemplify ways in which the rights, responsibilities and privileges of citizens are protected under the United States Constitution. Explain why civic participation is important in the United States. Page 16 of 17 December 2, 2010
17 Culture 5.C.1 Understand how increased diversity resulted from migration, settlement patterns and economic development in the United States. 5.C C C C.1.4 Analyze the change in leadership, cultures and everyday life of American Indian groups before and after European exploration. Exemplify how the interactions of various groups have resulted in the borrowing and sharing of traditions and technology. Explain how the movement of goods, ideas and various cultural groups influenced the development of regions in the United States. Understand how cultural narratives (legends, songs, ballads, games, folk tales and art forms) reflect the lifestyles, beliefs and struggles of diverse ethnic groups. Page 17 of 17 December 2, 2010
Grade 6 Social Studies A. Applications of Social Studies Processes, Knowledge, and Skills: Students apply critical thinking, a research process, and discipline-based processes and knowledge from civics/government,
GRADE 3: WORKING TOGETHER Considerations for Curriculum Development Third Grade Contextual Theme: Society My community and communities around the world. Assumptions and Goals of Curriculum Development
Kansas Board of Regents Precollege Curriculum Courses Approved for University Admissions Original Publication April 6, 2011 Revision Dates June 13, 2011 May 23, 2012 Kansas Board of Regents Precollege
history (his) Mark R. Correll, Chair Mark T. Edwards David Rawson Charles E. White The fundamental purpose of the department of history, politics, and geography is to aid the student in gaining an understanding
Degree Type Bachelor of Arts (BA) Degree Title History As an integral part of a liberal arts education, history courses introduce students to different historical eras, diverse cultures, famous and ordinary
Description: Hosted in the restored 1902 historic House Chamber, Issues in the House of Representatives is our most popular program for school groups. Students will be seated in reproduction 1902 desks
2nd Then and Now This course focuses on the concept of then and now, or past and present, through the major social studies disciplines of history, geography, economics, and civics/government. The four
Summit School District Curriculum Social Studies Grade 2 Second Grade 1. History 2. Geography 3. Economics 4. Civics 1. Identify historical sources and utilize the tools of a historian 2. People in the
WHOLE SCHOOL THEMES Giving Nation is a fantastic vehicle for supporting your delivery of SMSC across an entire year group. Through running student-led social action young people research, design & deliver
History. Bachelor of Arts Major in History. Objectives. Degree Offered. Major Offered. Minor Offered. International Studies.
History 123 History Thomas W. Taylor, PhD, Chair Objectives Defying classification as either humanity or social science, history functions as both. It focuses on the values, as well as the ideas, personalities,
Middle School Course Catalog 2015-2016 1 P a g e Mater Academy of Nevada School Mission Statement The mission of Mater Academy of Nevada is to provide an innovative, challenging, multi-cultural education,
Advanced Placement (AP ) Social Studies Courses The AP social studies courses are intended to provide a rigorous college level introduction to the social sciences for high school students. While no official
190 P O L I T I C A L S C I E N C E POLITICAL SCIENCE (POSCI) Politics rules over everything you do as a human being and gives you an understanding that enables you to have more control over your own life.
Grade 4 Alabama Studies Fourth-grade students apply geographic concepts obtained in Grade 3 to a study of their own state and relate geography to history, economics, and politics in Alabama. They examine
World History Course Summary Department: Social Studies All World History courses (Honors or otherwise) utilize the same targets and indicators for student performance. However, students enrolled in Honors
World History Modern Times Until lions have their historians, tales of the hunt shall always glorify the hunters. ~African Proverb History is a kind of introduction to more interesting people than we can
www.viu.ca/programs Bachelor of Arts 4-year Degree Programs in Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences Enjoy the Journey Students select at least one Major or two Minors from the following disciplines: Majors
The Virginia Company of London Wants You! Background: The Virginia Company of London has hired you to recruit new settlers to travel to Jamestown. You will need to have a good working knowledge about why
International Conference of the Commission on Legal Pluralism in collaboration with the Department of Humanities and Social Sciences, Indian Institute of Technology Bombay Normative Interfaces of Globalization
Foundations Communication FCO105: Rhetorical Communication gives students the communication skills including writing, speaking, and the use of visuals needed for success in both the academic and professional
UPPER SCHOOL COURSE CATALOG Grades 6-7 Of Nevada 2015-2016 1 P a g e DORAL ACADEMY of NEVADA MISSION STATEMENT Doral Academy of Nevada is dedicated to providing an enhanced educational experience. We will
Page 1 of 5 A. Criteria for determining General Education courses 1. Courses appropriate for general education will include the following criteria: 1. Course Integrity and Breadth The course exposes the
A-H 106 RENAISSANCE THROUGH MODERN ART. (3) Historical development of Western art and architecture from the fourteenth century through the present.
101 INTRODUCTION TO VISUAL STUDIES. (3) The course introduces students to the concepts and techniques of visual literacy. It explores a full spectrum of man-made visual forms encountered by contemporary
Online Courses 2015-16 MATH Algebra I Algebra I emphasizes the importance of algebra in everyday life through hundreds of real-world examples. Assessments are designed to ensure that your understanding
History Strands emphasize World history from its earliest cultures through the Enlightenment, including the early cultures of the Americas. Concept 1: Research Skills for History PO 1. Construct charts,
POLITICAL SCIENCE 133 Political Science Webster Hall 245 417.625.9654 Faculty Locher - Head, Delehanty, Derfelt, Jerome, Wyman community through academic internships, public events, partnerships with local
STATE AND FEDERAL GOVERNMENT GRADE 9 Since the United States is a representative democracy, the primary reason for government education is the maintenance of our constitutional democracy. Our democracy
Values in NSW public schools A Ministerial Statement by Hon Andrew Refshauge, MP, Deputy Premier Minister for Education and Training and Minister for Aboriginal Affairs March 2004 A Ministerial Statement
I.B. SPECIFIC TEACHING FIELDS Standards for Certification in Early Childhood Education [26.110-26.270] STANDARD 1 Curriculum The competent early childhood teacher understands and demonstrates the central
School of Health and Human Services Community, Family and Child Studies Diploma Program 2011 Page 1 of 21 Program Philosophy We believe we have a collective responsibility to create a just society. We
Davis Publications Communicating Through Graphic Design 2010 correlated to Oklahoma s Visual Art Standards High School with Media Arts
with Media Arts VISUAL ART Standard 1: Language of Visual Art: Presenting The student will identify and communicate using a variety of visual art terms. 1. Compare and contrast works which are similar
Name: Stephanie Lung Title: Native Americans and their role in the American Revolution Grade Level: 5 SUMMARY OF THE UNIT When discussing, learning, and teaching the American Revolution, the Native Americans
GENERAL EDUCATION HANDBOOK Committee on Instruction Approved October 16, 2006 General Education is designed to introduce students to the variety of means through which people comprehend the modern world.
Iowa Core Davenport Schools Priority Essential Concepts and Skills for Sociology, Psychology, or AP Psychology with Details and Examples
Iowa Core Davenport Schools Priority Essential Concepts and Skills for Sociology, Psychology, or AP Psychology with Details and Examples Introduction Social studies is the integrated study of the social
AP Human Geography 2010 Scoring Guidelines The College Board The College Board is a not-for-profit membership association whose mission is to connect students to college success and opportunity. Founded
SMITHSONIAN center for folklife and cultural heritage Michael Atwood Mason, Ph.D. Director Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage Leadership Message For half a century, we have brought Campaign, as
AP European History INSTRUCTOR: Michael Withers 2015-2016 SCHOOL YEAR COURSE SYLLABUS COURSE INFORMATION This is an accelerated elective course covering the history of Europe from the Renaissance to the
March 5-6, 2009 ITEM 142-1009-R0309 Approval to establish a Masters of Science in Geography THAT: In accordance with Montana University System Policy, the Board of Regents of Higher Education authorizes
HUMAN RIGHTS AND IMMIGRATION Socials 11 Exam Review: Presentation 7 HUMAN RIGHTS IN CANADA Human Rights haven t always been acknowledged in Canada Canada did not formally list rights of citizens until
2014 SUMMER COURSE DESCRIPTIONS Please note: The course descriptions, requirements, and book lists are tentative and therefore subject to revision. Please contact the individual instructors for further
Dates Social Studies Standards LCS Adopted Resource Chapter and pg # Additional Resources 17 Days 1. Compare historical and current economic, political, and geographic information about Alabama on thematic
POLITICAL SCIENCE. Department of Law and Politics. BACHELOR OF ARTS (General) POLITICAL SCIENCE. Please refer to the general regulations
Labor but were upset at the class divisions it encouraged between workers and bosses. That set people apart instead of bringing them together as citizens. They saw Labor as a selfish party, caring for
Master of Arts (History) M.A. (History) Objectives The Department of History offers a Master s Degree Program in History which emphasizes in-depth study of the history of Thailand, Asia, and the West,
This document is designed to help North Carolina educators teach the Essential Standards (Standard Course of Study). NCDPI staff are continually updating and improving these tools to better serve teachers.
1776 Only people who own land can vote Declaration of Independence signed. Right to vote during the Colonial and Revolutionary periods is restricted to property owners most of whom are white male Protestants
COGNITIVE & K Critical and Creative Thinking: Students combine and apply artistic and reasoning skills to imagine, create, realize and refine artworks in conventional and innovative ways. The student will
Here is the list of history courses with cross listings and how they fit in each of the sections of the History Major.
Here is the list of history courses with cross listings and how they fit in each of the sections of the History Major. Note: if you take a History course that is cross listed and you take it under the
Bennett College 5-Year (2012-2017) Strategic Plan for Operational Effectiveness The President s Message Following its founding in1873, Bennett College was reorganized in 1926 for the express purpose of
CSD Performance Standards for Art and Design describe what Campbellsport School District students will know and be able to do within this subject area. Each CSD performance standard is aligned to one or
Chapter 8 C E N T R A L A M E R I C A A N D T H E C A R I B B E A N Dictator A ruler who has complete power over the government Communist In a communist economy the government owns all large businesses
Political Science Coordinator: Maximilian Felsch, Ph.D. The Faculty of Social and Behavioral Sciences offers the Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degree in Political Science. On completion of the degree in Political
Programme Specifications for Bachelor of Science in Urban Planning and Architectural Design 1 Name of Degree Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) in Urban Planning and Architectural Design Background and Rationale
GT Humanities I & II in Frisco ISD Information and FAQs GT Humanities I will be offered in Frisco ISD beginning in the 2015-2016 school year and will begin with 9 th graders who are identified as gifted
SCHOOLS ATTUNED RESEARCH REPORT: ACADEMIC AND BEHAVIORAL CHANGES Evergreen Avenue Elementary School Woodbury, New Jersey Submitted by: Fran Carey, Principal July 2003 Background Evergreen Avenue School,
Curriculum and Instruction (MEd) The Master of Education (MEd) in Curriculum and Instruction is designed to prepare teachers and graduates with instructional leadership skills. It has three major objectives:
DIVISION OF GRADUATE STUDIES Raymond Carty, Graduate/Online Studies The Division of Graduate Studies ensures that its graduates have specialized training that results in a firm grounding in the areas of
Geography Curriculum Glance Cards A fundamental principle of the curriculum is that children s current understanding and knowledge should form the basis for new learning. The curriculum is designed to
AZ Response to Intervention (RTI) Social Studies Overview A comprehensive system of academic supports in the social studies ensures that all students receive high-quality instruction in the general education
History Brautigam, Lian, Luttmer, Murphy, Thornton, M. Vosmeier, S. Vosmeier. Major: History courses Nine, including 371 and 471 (culminating experience), but not including 100 level courses. Recommended:
Curriculum Policy Document Key Stage 3 and 4 Durham Trinity School Geography Revised July 2014 RB Contents. 1 Statement of curriculum policy 2 Introduction 3 The curriculum content 4 Range of experiences
Grade: 11 Subject Title: ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Semester: 1st No. of Hours: 80 hours/semester Description: This course is designed to familiarize the students with the basic concepts, principles,
Communication Classes 100. Introduction to Communication and Rhetoric. (3h) Introduction to the theories, research, and analysis of verbal and nonverbal processes by which human beings share meanings and
Bachelor of Bachelor of Education (Honours) Detailed Course Requirements The 2016 Monash University Handbook will be available from October 2015. This document contains interim 2016 course requirements
2 ASSISTED LIVING- RETIREMENT FACILITIES Bee Hive Homes of Columbia Falls Assisted Living th St. Columbia Falls MT Family style assisted living care Services include private bedrooms, 24 hour staffing, dietician approved home cooked meals, group interaction and activities, daily laundry and house keeping services and much more. Buffalo Hill Terrace Claremont St. Kalispell MT An independent living facility with apartments for retirement age seniors. Available are assisted living services for those who need the additional help to enable them to remain independent in their apartments. The many amenities include long-term and short-term skilled rehabilitation and are approved for both Medicaid and Medicare. Includes 24-hour nursing care Edgewood Vista Senior Living Interstate Lane Alzheimer/Dementia 24 hour care, adult day care, respite care Montana State Veterans Home Veterans Dr. PO Box 250 Columbia Falls MT For honorably discharged veterans Prestige Assisted Living at Kalispell Glenwood Dr. Kalispell MT Provides individual apartment living with personal care services as needed Quality of Life Parkway Dr. Individualized care in a homelike setting, personal care, medication assistance, transportation, activities Renaissance Assisted Living Liberty St. Comfortable, caring, home-like setting designed for the special needs of aging seniors The Springs at Whitefish Assisted Living and Memory Care River Lakes Parkway Whitefish MT Focuses on independence, wellness, and adding life to years Wel-Life at Kalispell Three Mile Dr. Kalispell MT Offers personalized assistance with: assisted living needs, short term stays/respite, hospice care, home assistance, and congregate care
3 HOME OWNERSHIP OPPORTUNITIES American Dream Montana PO Box 8061 Kalispell MT Promotes property and home ownership The American Dream- the America Way Center for Real Estate North Main St. Real estate consultants and research services Direct Loans Rural Housing Service 450 Corporate Dr. Suite 111 Kalispell MT Provides financing options for low and very low income families with little or no down payment, and at a reduced interest rate to families that would otherwise not qualify to purchase a home. ETHIC (Encouraging the Home Ownership Ideals for Communities) PO Box 1457 A nonprofit organization offering certified confidential, one-on-one reverse mortgage counseling, foreclosure prevention, home buyer programs, financing and home maintenance education, understanding credit, budgeting, and home/property selling/buying. First Time Homebuyer Program Glacier Affordable Housing Foundation 509 First Ave South Great Falls MT Provides down payment and closing cost assistance on a deferred basis, with no payments due and no interest accruing. At such time as the borrower sells or refinances the property, the loan, together with a share of the equity, becomes due and payable. The recaptured funds are then recycled to provide down payment and closing costs assistance to additional eligible homebuyers. Habitat for Humanity of Flathead Valley First Ave. East Suite 1 PO Box 2836 Kalispell MT An Ecumenical Christian partnership working to build homes for people in need. For very low income, working families living in sub-standard, inadequate housing. Has a surplus store called ReStore in Kalispell open to the public Home Improvement loans & grants Rural Housing Service, 450 Corporate Dr. Suite 111 Home improvement loans are available to improve or modernize your existing home. Grants may be available to pay the cost of repairs and improvements to remove identified health and safety hazards. Home Ownership & Foreclosure Prevention Counseling Community Action Partnership (CAP) 214 Main St, PO Box 8300 Kalispell MT 59904
4 Homebuyers Education Course North Main St. Suite 100 PO Box 1457 Kalispell MT Dispel myths, get insider facts, and be empowered to take charge. Discusses budgeting, credit records, types of loans, and applying for a mortgage Low Income Home Loans Program Ext Corporate Dr. Suite 111 Rural Housing Service loans, also known as RHS loans, allow qualified low to moderate income rural residents the opportunity to get loans with minimal closing costs and no down payment. Montana Board of Housing South Park Ave. PO Box Helena MT Single family program, recycled single family program, load programs, low income housing tax credit program, reverse annuity mortgage (RAM) program, and disabled accessible affordable home ownership program Mutual Self-Help Housing Community Action Partnership (CAP) 214 Main St. PO Box 8300 Kalispell MT Qualified buyers earn a down payment and closing costs by working as a group with other families to help build their home under leadership of a construction supervisor. Real Estate Financing PO Box 1457 Kalispell MT The ins and outs of financing all types of real estate, reverse mortgages, development and construction Whitefish Housing Authority Railway St. Whitefish MT Offers three programs: Housing Choice Vouchers (Section 8), Mountain View Manor Low Income Apartments (for elderly and people with disabilities), and First Time Home Ownership NURSING CARE FACILITIES Brendan House Skilled Nursing Facility Northwest Healthcare Brendan House 350 Conway Dr. Offers the highest level of transitional care, long-term care and compassionate, end of life care in a residential setting, while encouraging active participation in improving quality of life. Adult Day Care is also available. Edgewood Vista Senior Living Interstate Lane Alzheimer and dementia care, Adult day care and respite care available Expressions, Inc , 240Hidden Meadow Lane Columbia Falls MT Provides specialized care for those with Alzheimer s and other related Dementias in a loving, home-like environment, a memory care home Heritage Place Heritage Way Kalispell MT Activity programs, clinical social service staff, dietician, physical, occupational and speech therapy, dementia care,a long-term care center
5 Immanuel Lutheran Communities Crestline Ave. Kalispell MT Intermediate and skilled nursing, Medicare and Medicaid approved. Alzheimer/Dementia care, rehabilitation recreational therapy, registered dietician, chaplain on staff Lake View Care Center Grand Dr. Bigfork MT hour nursing care, skilled care, activity program, community involvement, private and premier rooms Prestige Assisted Living at Kalispell Glenwood Dr. Kalispell MT Provides individual apartment living with personal care services as needed The Springs at Whitefish Assisted Living and Memory Care Riverside Parkway Whitefish MT Focuses on independence, wellness, and adding life to years Veterans Nursing Home- Montana State Veterans Dr. PO Box 250 Columbia Falls MT For honorably discharged veterans who qualify for skilled/intermediate nursing care or domiciliary self-care living. Spouses of veterans will be admitted on a space-available basis. Whitefish Care & Rehabilitation Center East Seventh St. Whitefish MT Nursing care, physical, occupational, respiratory and speech therapy, recreational activities, therapeutic diets, care planning, social services for adults of all ages who need short or long term care. RENTAL ASSISTANCE Section 8 Rental Assistance Community Action Partnership (CAP) 214 Main St. PO Box 8300 Kalispell MT The Federal Government s major program for assisting very low income families, the elderly, and disabled to rent decent, safe, and sanitary housing in the private market. SINGLE ROOM OCCUPANCY Hilltop Inn East Idaho St. Montana Village Motel & Rental Highway 35 Kalispell MT 59903
6 TEMPORARY SHELTER RESOURCES Abbie Shelter (crisis line) (office) PO Box 1401 Kalispell MT Domestic violence shelter for women and children Emergency Shelter 257-HELP (4357) Salvation Army 110 Bountiful Dr. Kalispell MT Provides for one room at Samaritan House that is available for families in need of emergency shelter Samaritan House Ninth Ave. West Kalispell MT Emergency shelter and transitional/permanent housing for individuals or families who are homeless and have low or no income. Provides case management support to find employment and housing
What is Assisted Living? Assisted living facilities offer a housing alternative for older adults who may need help with dressing, bathing, eating, and toileting, but do not require the intensive medical
Facility and Community Options: Understanding Levels of Long-Term Care Part of an educational series about long-term care choices in Broome County. Information you can count on. Assistance you can trust.
THE ABC s. of Long-Term Care. A guide to help you and your loved ones plan for long-term health care.
THE ABC s of Long-Term Care A guide to help you and your loved ones plan for long-term health care. Information you can count on. Assistance you can trust. MYTHS ABOUT LONG-TERM CARE MYTH: Long-term care
Lutheran Care Center at Concord Village Skilled Nursing & Sub-Acute Rehabilitation A full range of services for long- and short-term care right what you need, when you need it. Sub Acute Rehabilitation
SENIOR NETWORK SERVICES HOUSING PROGRAM 1777-A Capitola Road, Santa Cruz, CA (831) 462-6788 HOUSING OPTIONS FOR SENIORS IN SANTA CRUZ COUNTY Finding housing that is both adequate and affordable is a major
Housing Services Directory Morgan County Continuum of Care Prepared by Washington-Morgan Community Action Supported by the Rural Homeless Initiative in Southeastern and Central Ohio Buckeye Hills- Area
Chaffee Habitat for Humanity. Columbine Manor (Life Care Center) De Anza Vista Apartments. Emergency Assistance Funds
TYPES of ELDER CARE SENIOR LINK - 619 North Street, Woodland, (530) 207-4250 or (877) 883-4927. In-office services are also available Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 10 am to Noon. Senior Link, which
Supportive Housing: This is a type of housing program that is typically subsidized and permanent and typically offers support services to individuals and families who may face barriers in life that prevent
Westmoreland County Mental Health Housing Services Options Long Term Structured Residence (LTSR) The LTSR has a bed capacity of 14 and is located in Latrobe, PA. The Westmoreland LTSR is a program that
A Guide to Senior Housing Options Throughout Chicago, there are many housing options, many of which are provided by CJE SeniorLife. The best housing choice is one that allows an older person to maintain
Alaska State Supplementation Mandatory State Supplementation No recipients. Optional State Supplementation Administration: Department of Health and Social Services, Division of Public Assistance. Effective
Dutchess County Housing Resource Guide This guide highlights housing resources available to individuals including Home Repairs, Renovations, Home Buying, Homelessness, Rental Assistance, and Foreclosure
Fulton County and Surrounding Communities. Social & Healthcare. Resource Book. Provided to you by Graham Health System
Fulton County and Surrounding Communities Social & Healthcare Resource Book Provided to you by Graham Health System Emergency Response System 2 Carelink Graham Home Medical 101 S. Main St., Canton, IL
Ottawa County Resource Guide Basic Needs: Resources for assistance with Housing, Food, Utilities, Furniture Good Samaritan Ministries Community Housing Partnership program offers assistance with obtaining
Arranging for Discharge to Rehabilitation or Long Term Care in a Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) Important Information for you and your family.
Arranging for Discharge to Rehabilitation or Long Term Care in a Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) Important Information for you and your family. Provided by: Social Work Services Continuum of Care Department
THE LAKESHORE DIFFERENCE Lakeshore Senior Communities have been serving seniors in the Nashville area since 1952. As a locally owned non-profit organization, Lakeshore continues to operate on the principles
Montana Board of Housing Reverse Annuity Mortgage Program (RAM) Purpose The Montana Board of Housing (MBOH) Reverse Annuity Mortgage provides financial flexibility to Montana s low- and moderate-income
CHAPTER 2013-106 Senate Bill No. 1852 An act relating to funding from the National Mortgage Settlement; providing an appropriation from the General Revenue Fund to the Florida Prepaid Tuition Scholarship
IMCare HOME and COMMUNITY BASED PROVIDERS Attention: This section is for Minnesota Senior Care Plus (MSC+) and IMCare Classic (MSHO) members. These agencies provide help to members who are eligible for
It is important to meet with an experienced elder law attorney who understands the Medicaid rules before making any changes to your property.
Home and Community Care A Guide to Your Care August 2007 For information on any of these services, contact the home and community care program at the local health authority. For contact information on
City of Camarillo Housing Resource Guide 2015 Last Updated January 2015 Camarillo has all aspects of a suburban rural community with a small-town quality. There is a variety of housing, which includes;
1 A Consumer s Guide to: Buying Long-Term Care Insurance And other ways to pay for long-term care Washington State Office of the Insurance Commissioner www.insurance.wa.gov 1 No one likes to think about
CITY OF LEHI, UTAH GENERAL PLAN MODERATE INCOME HOUSING ELEMENT Prepared by: Lehi City Planning Department and Mountainland Association of Governments Adopted by Lehi City Council August 14, 2012 Recommended
Resume William Brummett Principal William Brummett Architects, P.C. Mr. Brummett brings 19 years of experience focusing on innovative and user-centered design and programming for seniors, particularly
US ARMY NAF EMPLOYEE LONG TERM CARE INSURANCE INTRODUCTION This booklet is published by the US Army NAF Employee Benefits Office. It is intended to provide you with useful information about the US Army
1 A Consumer s Guide to: Buying Long-Term Care Insurance And other ways to pay for long-term care Washington State Office of the Insurance Commissioner www.insurance.wa.gov 2 1 No one likes to think about
Assisted Living: What A Guardian Needs To Know Course level: Intermediate Writer: Holly Robinson, JD is associate staff director of ABA Commission on Law and Aging, where she directs the Older Americans
Deferred payment agreements in Suffolk Please note we strongly recommend that you take independent financial advice if you are considering using the deferred payment scheme from Suffolk County Council.
6 Linking Housing and Long-Term Supports and Services Older adults with disabilities living in the community often need long-term services and supports delivered to their homes. But for older renters in
Housing and Mortgages - Affordable Housing Housing and Mortgages on Affordable Housing. Retrieved May 31, 2012, from http://www.mortgageloan.com/affordable/ Guide overview: Part 1: Advantages of Mortgages
GUIDESHEET FOR EVALUATING CONTINUING CARE RETIREMENT COMMUNITIES Introduction The Ohio State University Retirees Association Benefits Committee has prepared this guidesheet to help members who are considering
City of Great Falls, Montana 2010-2015 Analysis of Impediments to Fair Housing Choice Update for 2012 The City of Great Falls affirms our commitment to provide equal housing to all people and that every
Section V - CONSOLIDATED PLAN AND NEIGHBORHOOD REVITALIZATION Affordable Housing Needs The housing crisis, downturn in the economy, high unemployment and subsequent recession of 2009-10 are having an impact
Social service agencies of Morris County April 2013 GENERAL Morris County Department of Human Services 973-285-6868 Co-ordinates a large number of programs aimed at improving the quality of life for Morris
Guide to Long-Term Care Insurance Long-term care insurance can be confusing, no matter who you are, especially if you don t know who to turn to for expert advice. The decision to purchase long-term care
The following local, state and federal agencies administer programs or provide funds for housing programs and projects: Murray County EDA P.O. Box 57 Slayton, MN 56172 Contact: Amy Hoglin, Economic Development
WHAT IS LONG- TERM CARE? Long- term care is a range of services and supports you may need to meet your health or personal needs over a long period of time. Most long- term care is not medical care, but
State of Montana 2011 ANNUAL ACTION PLAN EXECUTIVE SUMMARY. Investing in Montana s Communities. April 1, March 31, 2012
SERVICE OPTIO IONS FOR SENIORS A menu of services for individuals seeking community-based supportive services to promote independent living in their home & community. Long Term Care Consultation Houston
GAO United States Government Accountability Office Report to Congressional Requesters February 2005 ELDERLY HOUSING Federal Housing Programs That Offer Assistance for the Elderly a GAO-05-174 Accountability
Niagara County Office for the Aging New York Connects Program Adult Care Homes, Assisted Living Facilities and Programs, and Skilled Nursing Facilities Guide NY Connects Niagara County 111 Main Street,
PAIRWN. York County Immigrant and Refugee Social Services. Table of Contents. Quick References Organizations that offer a wide variety of services..
1 PAIRWN York County Immigrant and Refugee Social Services Table of Contents Quick References Organizations that offer a wide variety of services..2 Cash Assistance Services 4 Children and Youth Services
LONG-TERM CARE A supplement to the Long-Term Care insurance guide. These definitions are offered to give you a general understanding of the terms you will hear when looking for Long-Term Care insurance.
Contents Welcome 1 Mortgage Eligibility Requirements 2 Income Limits 2 Acquisition Cost 2 Exclusions to Acquisition Cost 3 Targeted and Non-Targeted Areas of the State 3 Prior Ownership Limitation 3 Targeted
Providence Place Senior Health and Housing www.providenceplacenc.com However you define living well every day, Providence Place is here for you. At Providence Place we honor the individual with the full
Quality Care in a Compassionate Environment Dedicated to Your Care... Spring Gate Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center is dedicated to providing comprehensive skilled nursing care and rehabilitation, Alzheimer
Funding Programs by Funding Tools Federal Funding Programs 1. Owner or participant investment - An investment of funds from agency operation or fees paid by a participant to offset the cost of providing
NJ Department of Human Services DHS "Services A to Z" website at: http://www.state.nj.us/humanservices/services/
GENERAL Morris County Department of Human Services 973-285-6868 Co-ordinates a large number of programs aimed at improving the quality of life for Morris County citizens. http://www.morrishumanservices.org/services.asp
TREASURY OFFSET PROGRAM Payments Exempt from Offset by Disbursing Officials (Non-tax Debt Collection)
2015 Capital Campaign Founded in faith Driven by excellence The VISION lives on the christian village Dear Friends: Fifty years ago, God moved in a phenomenal way when our ministry started with the vision
Got my tub of white flood in yesterday and used it today for my back & biceps workout. I have to say, it met all my expectations.
I hear many things about how bad the taste is for white flood. I was slightly hesitant on drinking it, but after the first sip I was in love. The taste is dead on for lemonade, and it's delicious.
Mixed perfectly in my sports bottle. There were no leftover pieces at the bottom and I only needed to shake it once.
If you're taking white flood, be prepared to sweat! By the end of my hour workout my whole shirt was drenched with sweat.
And if anyone could give me a little feedback on drinking wf intra workout with pw too? I've heard of people drinking half a scoop of wf pre, and then mixing their other scoop with their pw for intra workout. Does this work well? Any feedback would be great thanks.
I would say try it and see if it works for you. Everyone is different. Thanks for posting a review! Glad your loving it.
Disclaimer : The above post is my own PERSONAL OPINION and DOES NOT REPRESENT the official position of any company or entity. It DOES NOT constitute medical advice. CONTROLLED LABS products are produced in a GMP for Sport certified facility (no hormones produced in the facility / no cross contamination).
Located in the hills west of Florence, surrounded by a park of old trees, Villa Castelletti is ideal venue for conferences, conventions, meetings, fashion shows, exhibitions, photo shoots, gala dinners and receptions.
The origin of the villa was probably the beginning of the fifteenth century. The employer is the oldest of the Strozzi.
By the Strozzi Lapi, Uguccioni by the Cavalcanti, whose direct line, that of the poet Guido, companion of Dante, died in the eighteenth century, continuing in-Cattani Cavalcanti.
AMILY Cavalcanti was to broaden the structure of the villa with two lateral bodies, added to the main building, which was high on the second floor and the roof-terrace of Villa Castelletti symbol today.
In the second half of '1800, under the leadership of Count Leopold Cattani Cavalcanti, the property went through a period important to becoming a model estate. The initiative certainly more significant was the philanthropic foundation of the Agrarian Institute. At the end of the nineteenth century was settled by the accounts Montagliari of German origin who carried the name of Mayer.
Villa Castelletti, is a countryside villa in the Tuscan hills, just 15 minutes away from the center of Florence. The perfect venue for unforgettable weddings and luxury events.
The origins of the Villa probably dates back to the beginning of 15 century and the most prestigious owner were Strozzi and Cavalcanti family.
The rooms with their ancient fireplaces, the fine art vaulted ceilings, the monumental stairs create a fascinating and glamour atmosphere.
The Heart of the Villa’s Noble Floor is the stunning Winter Garden. The architectonic work it’s a fusion between Century-Old Tradition and Sophisticated Modernity and its glass windows allow the guest to feel itself in touch with the beauty of nature.
The Century Old Park has a dimension of 10 hectares and includes a Romantic Lake that will provide evocative spots and breathtaking backgrounds for any photo shoot.
In our beautiful spaces outside and inside the Villa we can organize symbolic ceremonies or Civil ceremonies in agreement with Signa Municipality.
Our skilled and expert Staff will help you find the best solution for your wedding and will realize your Dream: The Perfect day.
Our Private Banqueting is the focal point of our services together with proposal and suggestions for decoration and set-up, special lighting effects, music entertainment and anything else that maybe necessary to the organization of your Wedding.
Part of an antique borgo dated back to 17 century, represents the perfect fusion between a typical Tuscan accommodation and the elegance of a Charming Boutique Hotel.
Everyone’s very familiar with server virtualization technology (VMware, Hyper-V, Xen, KVM); creating virtual server instances instead of matching server hardware up with a single operating system. Most medium and many small sized business have carved out a server virtualization strategy and are well down the path of virtualizing the computer room or data center. Virtualizing servers is an established best practice.
What you may not realize is the heated battle between vendors to virtualize the network is in full gear (network virtualization or Software Defined Networks). Combatants include well established companies such as Cisco, VMware and IBM, open source initiatives like OpenStack, university research programs, and industry organizations and standards including OpenFlow (ONF), NfV (ETSI), and OpenDaylight (Linux Foundation).
Consider network virtualization an open battlefield where new entrants and established players see an opportunity to unseat traditional network vendors, most notably Cisco. During August 2013’s VMworld Expo, VMware pre-announced their NSX network hypervisor. HP and Juniper co-announced plans to integrate VMware NSX with their respective SDN controllers and Layer 2 gateways.
Keeping up on all that’s happening in network virtualization can be challenging for network engineers and IT managers in small-to-medium sized businesses. What’s occurring is more than just an incremental move to virtualize elements within of the network. SDN and virtualization are fundamentally redefining how we design and think about data networks, emphasizing software functionality over traditional network hardware, dynamic network creation/reconfiguration through OpenFlow and network controllers, collapsing network functions into multi-purpose network devices, and performing network administration tasks through APIs and scripting languages such as Python and Django framework. These represent substantial, if not fundamental, changes in how we design and manage networks today, and the network engineering skills necessary.
Build new network engineering skills through exposure to existing server and storage virtualization technologies, and script development with Python, Django and web services (popular scripting languages used in SDN open source initiatives).
Leverage existing virtual network technologies such as software-based network elements (firewalls, load balancers, etc.) including those provided through Amazon Web Services, network vendor offerings such as the Cisco Nexus platform, open source and 3rd party software options (Kemp’s load balancer for example).
Review and educate you and your team on the virtualization strategies of your current or desired key vendors. Keep in mind their strategies can range from supporting industry collaboration and open source, to more defensive and proprietary approaches.
Require vendors begin to virtualize traditional hardware-only network products and appliances. You can bet your enterprise IT counterparts are doing the same.
This post was written as part of the IBM for Midsize Business program, which provides midsize businesses with the tools, expertise and solutions they need to become engines of a smarter planet. I’ve been compensated to contribute to this program, but the opinions expressed in this post are my own and don’t necessarily represent IBM’s positions, strategies or opinions.
images of kitchen cabinets with knobs and pulls kitchen cabinet knobs and pulls kitchen cabinet hardware pull kitchen cabinet hardware pull kitchen cabinet hardware.
Enter your email to join The Top Table, our monthly eNewsletter to learn more about the KitchenAid range including the Cook Processor - and for the chance to enter amazing competitions!
Nurture your inner chef with the KitchenAid Cook Processor accessories! Easy to use, they ensure the accuracy and versatility for which you've been looking. Impress family and friends with your professional results.
Looking for that perfect stir as you prepare your dinner? StirAssist ensures continual stirring of your ingredients while simultaneously preventing them from burning. Ideal for creating well-blended risotto, fluffy purée or outstanding Bolognese sauce.
Quick and thorough chopping, mixing, mincing and shredding: that's the versatile power of this stainless steel blade. MultiBlade chops ingredients into coarse or fine pieces, depending on the speed; the faster the knife rotates, the finer it chops.
Specifically designed to optimise the best whipping results, it's ideal for incorporating air into eggs and egg whites as well as whipping cream and blending dips for delicious meringues, mousses, soufflé and other desserts.
The Mini-Bowl and stainless steel MiniBlade are the smart solution for small chopping and mixing jobs, low quantity recipes or single servings.
This is one of 3 special tools for delicate steam cooking. The Inner Steamer Basket allows you to steam or boil fish, fruit and vegetables.
Gentle cooking with indirect heat results in delicate, healthy dishes. The upper basket is ideal for steaming fish while the lower one best accommodates vegetables. Or you can use these baskets at the same time to cook different food simultaneously.
The 4.5L stainless steel bowl provides sufficient capacity for all of the recipes you prepare with the KitchenAid Cook Processor. Boil, fry, stew, steam, puree, dough ... everything starts here.
Once cleaned, just place each accessory back in its designated place: the convenient storage case hardly takes up any space!
I agree that KitchenAid Australia, other companies of the Whirlpool Group, service providers that act on behalf of KitchenAid, and carefully selected partners, will treat my personal data with the scope to contact me via post, e-mail, telephone, SMS, MMS, fax or other electronic means regarding marketing and commercial offers (e.g. newsletter), promotions and information on surveys and prize draws, as described in more detail in the Privacy Notice.
Reigate & Banstead Borough Council’s Parking Team has joined up with Sustrans, to run the competition and around 800 students have taken part across the borough. ‘R&B Kids Safe’ aimed to highlight the importance of road safety outside the school gates and promote healthier ways of travelling to and from school.
As part of the competition, students were given a lesson in safe driving and parking around schools and how they can encourage parents and guardians to do so when dropping them off. After the lesson students were asked to design a banner that promoted slow speeds and safe parking outside their school. The winning banner has been printed and gifted to the school in time for BRAKE road safety week. We can now reveal that the winner is Ryan Dutta from St Mary’s Preparatory and Choir School, Reigate.
In second place, an entry from Woodfields School, Redhill and third place went to Walton on the Hill Primary school.
Ryan was amazed when he first saw the banner and said “I’m really happy because I have achieved lots of in art competitions before, but this is my biggest prize yet!”
Executive member for Community Safety, Cllr Graham Knight said “We’re delighted that so many students have taken part in such a vital lesson and the competition entries were outstanding. We’re always working to highlight sensible driving and safe parking around schools within Reigate & Banstead and encouraging the children to spread the message is just one way to hope that it hits home.
“It was a very tough choice when deciding the winner and it did take some time! However, I’d like to congratulate Ryan on his winning entry. The design used bright colours and had an impressive graphic flare, which the panel loved.
“I’d like to thank those students who participated and their teachers for making the time to deliver the R&B Kids Safe lesson.”
Bike It Officer for Sustrans, Lal Chatfield also commented “Traffic congestion around schools is endangering children’s lives with the risk of accidents but also with the increase of air pollution. Choosing active travel to school is a great solution to combat these risks, it makes physical activity part of children’s daily routines, prepares them for learning plus it’s fun and sociable!”
After being presented with the banner, Ryan sat for a drink with Cllr Knight and had a chat about his bike!
Find maps and services in your area. For example your bin collection day, councillor details, tree preservation orders or council tax information. Search by your postcode or address.
Hier finden Sie eine Auswahl von Ölgemälden, die im Laufe der jahre vorot entstanden sind. Mit (**) markierte Bilder sind verkauft oder unverkäuflich.
For a conservative estimate we will take r 0. Drew Barrymore plays Danielle and brings a lot of humor to this clean romantic movie. Totally different experience the second time around. Why should I be with a sixty-year-old man when I can be one who is twenty-four. Four years is a long time to have grown and to be a new person. Someone gave us a coupon book as a housewarming gift and we use it quite often. If you re single, you are most likely going to be making resolutions like I will work out more so I can attract the opposite sexI will get a promotion so I seem more appealingvietnamese working girls in orange, or I will learn how to cook so a date will how to meet a women in tula I m special.
A review of the relevant psychological literature will reveal further criteria that could be live sexcams in nakhodka to identify good and bad conditions for Platonic intuition while thought experimenting. Sporting KC to celebrate Retro Night on May 17. A Leo man thinks in a different way than the other sun signs of the Zodiac CTypes, girls hot strip erotic show in al ayn.
ОвенЭх, если бы на голову свалился мешок с деньгами… Но такого, увы, не произойдет, пока сами активно не возьметесь за работу. Если давно хотели стать бизнесменом, то не скидывайте этот...
I went to see some shows the past few weeks, here are my highly subjective thoughts & experiences from some of them:
It then became an absolute must. ‘The power of the riff compels me’ as they say. Dead Ranch was cool but Ian Blurton’s Public Animal stole the show. They were the perfect good time Saturday night rock’n’roll band.
It’s too bad the four-band bill only started at 10:30. The place was dead & deserted for Yardlets, who ended at 2:30am. Shows should pretty much always end with enough time for people to catch the last metro.
Abyss is a pretty great album; that Chelsea Wolfe came through Montreal a 2nd time since it’s release is lucky for anyone who hadn’t heard it in time for her show back in September (ie: me).
As hoped & expected, most of Abyss was played. And the crowd was super hot for it, pretty-much every song was cheered as soon as it started. The crowd’s energy was surprising given the chill gloominess of the music, but it served as a testament to how powerful the music actually is. The room was filled with a sense of personal connection and intimacy to what was being played, and so it came with the overwhelming appreciation to match.
For more in-depth coverage, check out Donovan’s reviews of the show and of Abyss. Continue reading →
This entry was posted in Events, Reviews and tagged Chelsea Wolfe, clutch, earslaughter, monolord, pouzza, profane order, public animal on June 13, 2016 by Johnny.
Join our man in the balcony, Daniel Matti, who knows of what he views. Go HERE to read the latest reviews and updates. Most recently: Top 10 Films of 2017, including The Disaster Artist, Good Time, and The Killing of a Sacred Deer.
The world seemed like it was on fire. His entire band quit on him. He was contending with being [...]
Time's up, fellow music bizzers—the vacation's over, that's for sure. If anyone else has been fo[...]
For our latest installment, Prof. Kopp takes a look at titles from MPS, Modern Harmonic, Varese [...]
"It’s a new era in fashion - there are no rules. It’s all about the individual and personal style, wearing high-end, low-end, classic labels, and up-and-coming designers all together." — Alexander McQueen
Hi ladies! I'm back with another great giveaway opportunity for you all. The lovely Mandy from Orange Autumn has become a Arbonne consultant and in celebration on that she is giving away their foot soak and scrub from their holiday Pampermint Collection. If you like to pampering yourself like I do I suggest to give this giveaway a try. For further information on this giveaway just Click Here! for rules and directions on how to enter to have a chance to win. The giveaway ends January 6th so hurry and Good Luck!
A fashion, beauty, reading and a general lifestyle blog. Follow this blog for a little bit of my life,and to a girl's guide to being the most fabulous version of yourself.
Feathers in high fashion Hey ladies, I'm back for another installment of Hit or Miss?, and this time I will be discussing feathers i...
Okay I admit, I had a lazy week this week at school. So I did not put as much effort in my dressing as I should have consider...
Hey there beautiful gals! I'm back for another edition of "The Style Series". Last time I wrote a post for the style seri...
Unless you have been under a rock for the past three years, chances are that you have heard about the wildly popular show "Vampire...
Yes ladies I had myself another little shopping spree this past weekend, but it was necessary I swear! Okay, okay maybe ...
Effective Cycling Classes: BATMA and the Atlanta Bicycle Campaign are offering special rates for those who live or work in Buckhead. Three courses are available in Buckhead this spring and summer. For details or to register, call 404-842-2680.
Lots of buddy icons can be used in your favorite instant messanger: AIM, MSN, Yahoo or as a Photo in ICQ. You can express yourself with our custom buddy icons. Lots of icons and Smileys for MySpace. Post your own icons and away messages and let other people review them. Tons of new buddy icons and smileys are added almost daily on Buddy-Icons.info.
A Review of the Citrus Greening Research and Development Efforts Supported by the Citrus Research and Development Foundation: Fighting a Ravaging Disease (2018)
Citrus greening disease poses a serious danger to the U.S. citrus industry. Associated with a bacteria that is spread by the Asian citrus psyllid, the infection results in blotchy mottling of leaves, stunting of shoots, gradual death of branches, and small, deformed fruits with bitter juice. Citrus greening disease cost Florida a cumulative loss of $2.9 billion in grower revenues from 2007 to 2014. The Citrus Research and Developmen... More >>
Understanding, quantifying, and tracking atmospheric methane and emissions is essential for addressing concerns and informing decisions that affect the climate, economy, and human health and safety. Atmospheric methane is a potent greenhouse gas (GHG) that contributes to global warming. While carbon dioxide is by far the dominant cause of the rise in global average temperatures, methane also plays a significant role because it absorbs more energ... More >>
This review from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine evaluates the draft Fourth National Climate Assessment (NCA4) developed by the U.S. Global Change Research Program (USGCRP). The USGCRP is mandated by Congress to issue a national climate assessment every four years to evaluate the state of climate science and the broad range of impacts of climate change in the United States. The review concludes that the draf... More >>
This review by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine evaluates the draft Second State of the Carbon Cycle Report (SOCCR2) -- a report that feeds into the overall climate science assessment process developed by the U.S. Global Climate Research Program. The SOCCR2 assessment aims to elucidate the fundamental physical, chemical, and biological aspects of the carbon cycle and to discuss the challenges of accounting for al... More >>
Review of Report and Approach to Evaluating Long-Term Health Effect in Army Test Subjects -- Interim Report (2018)
Between 1942 and 1975, the U.S. Army conducted tests with human subjects to study the effects of a variety of agents, including chemical warfare and biological agents. A recent report evaluated the potential long-term health effects in these former test subjects from their exposures. The report was prepared to assist the Army with making legal determinations regarding medical care for the test participants. This two-phase study examines whethe... More >>
Customers have asked us to carry basic perf-board, but we never liked the look of most basic perf: its always crummy quality, with pads that flake off and no labeling. Then we thought about how people actually prototype - usually starting with a solderless breadboard and then transferring the parts to a more permanent PCB. That's when we realized what people would really like is a proto board that makes it easy!
This proto-board is the PCB you always wish you had, but never realized it! We took the basic layout of a half-sized breadboard and turned that into a beautiful PCB. The top side has a white silkscreen, and the same markings you're familiar with, to make transferring components easy. The bottom has the 5-hole pad design that matches a classic breadboard, with 4 power bus lines on the sides, and no mask so you can easily cut traces when necessary. We used 1.2mm diameter drill holes so even parts with big leads will fit. All holes are thru-plated for strength - these wont peel off with rework. The finish is a gold plate - you won't get oxidation like with bare copper perf! There are also two mounting holes so you can attach the PCB to your project box. They'll also fit nicely in an Altoids-sized
REGULAR MEETING of Delta Municipal Council to be held Monday, March 7, 2016 at 7:00 p.m. in the Council Chamber of the Delta Municipal Hall, 4500 Clarence Taylor Crescent, Delta, British Columbia.
This Agenda is subject to change. To obtain the most recent version visit the Corporate website delta.ca or contact the Clerk's Office at 604-946-3220.
Correspondence from Sia Adjudani, Leadership Chair, Delta Relay for Life dated February 4, 2016 refers.
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated March 1, 2016 regarding Canadian Cancer Society Relay for Life - North Delta Facility Rental Fee Grant also refers.
Memorandum from the Director of Engineering dated February 25, 2016 regarding Final Consideration and Adoption of Bylaw No. 7537, Bylaw No. 7538, and Bylaw No. 7539. (File: 5220-25/ANN and B/Ls 7537, 7538 & 7539)
Memorandum from the Municipal Solicitor dated February 23, 2016 regarding Final Consideration and Adoption of Delta Road Closure and Cancellation (Portion of lane adjacent to 92 Centennial Parkway) Bylaw No. 7496, 2015. (File: J15004 & B/L 7496)
Memorandum from the Director of Community Planning and Development dated February 16, 2016 regarding Final Consideration and Adoption of Bylaw No. 7453 for 11481 80 Avenue (Dhillon, Brar and Sidhu). (File: LU007387 and B/L 7453)
Memorandum from the Director of Community Planning and Development dated February 22, 2016 regarding Final Consideration and Adoption of Bylaws No. 7422 and 7423 for 5415 Westminster Avenue (Gill). (File: LU007395 and B/Ls 7422 & 7423)
Report by the Property Use & Compliance Department dated February 25, 2016 regarding Secondary Suite Program Update. (File: B/Ls 7541 & 7542)
Report by the Engineering Department dated February 24, 2016 regarding Water Service Bylaw No. 7441, 2016, Municipal Ticketing Information Bylaw No. 7442, 2016 and Delta Bylaw Notice Enforcement Bylaw No. 7443, 2016. (File: 5600-00/WSB and B/Ls 7441, 7442 & 7443)
Report by the Community Planning and Development Department dated February 22, 2016 regarding Land Use Contract Discharge for 8697 Terrace Drive (Sat & Dave Development Ltd.). (File: LU007716 & B/L 7527)
Report by the Community Planning and Development Department dated February 22, 2016 regarding Rezoning, Development Variance Permit and Subdivision at 4933 53 Street (Bhandal and Sandhu). (File: LU007516 and B/L 7540)
Report by the Advisory Design Panel dated February 16, 2016 regarding Advisory Design Panel – 2016 Work Program and 2015 Achievements. (File: P97-35)
Report by the Agricultural Advisory Committee dated February 17, 2016 regarding Agricultural Advisory Committee – 2016 Work Program Report. (File: P06-11)
Report by the Human Resources and Corporate Planning Department dated February 16, 2016 regarding Mosquito Control Program Contract Award. (File: 15-271)
Report by the Delta Fire & Emergency Services Department dated February 25, 2016 regarding Contract Award: Scott Air Packs.
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated February 23, 2016 regarding South Delta Recreation Centre Accessibility. (File: 02100-01/SDRC)
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated February 22, 2016 regarding Reach Child and Youth Development Society – 2016 Service Agreement. (File: 11100-20/REACH)
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated February 22, 2016 regarding Deltassist Family and Community Services Society – 2016 Service Agreement. (File: 11100-20/DFCS)
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated February 22, 2016 regarding Boys and Girls Clubs of South Coast BC – 2016 Service Agreement. (File: 11100-20/BGCSC)
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated February 19, 2016 regarding Delta Lacrosse Association – Licence Agreement Renewal – Ladner Leisure Centre. (File: 11100-20/DLA/LLC)
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated February 19, 2016 regarding Delta Lacrosse Association – Licence Agreement – Sungod Recreation Centre. (File: 11100-20/DLA/SRC)
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated February 19, 2016 regarding Delta Minor Ball Hockey Association – Licence Agreement. (File: 11100-20/DMBHA)
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated February 19, 2016 regarding Ladner Community Garden Society – Licence Agreement. (File: 11100-20/LCGS)
Report by the Engineering Department dated February 24, 2016 regarding Arthur Drive and 34B Avenue Culvert Replacement Contract Award. (File: R16-108)
Report by the Engineering Department dated February 24, 2016 regarding Ladner Trunk Road and 72 Street Intersection Improvements Contract Award. (File: R14-105)
Report by the Engineering Department dated February 24, 2016 regarding Tree Services Contract Award. (File: 7260-20)
Report by the Engineering Department dated February 16, 2016 regarding Backhoe Contract Award. (File: 7260-20)
Report by the Engineering Department dated February 16, 2016 regarding Tandem Axle Dump Truck Contract Award. (File: 7260-20)
Report by the Engineering Department dated February 17, 2016 regarding Hybrid Cars Contract Award. (File: 7260-20)
Report by the Engineering Department dated February 24, 2016 regarding Noise Variance for South Delta Watermain No. 1 Upgrade. (File: 5480-25/SD1)
Report by the Office of the Municipal Clerk dated February 26, 2016 regarding Acting Mayor Schedule – April to December, 2016.
Report by the Engineering Department dated February 29, 2016 regarding Decorative Street Light Contract Award. (File: R14-118)
Report by the Office of Climate Action & Environment dated February 24, 2016 regarding Provincial Climate Leadership Plan Phase 2.
Report by the Engineering Department dated February 26, 2016 regarding George Massey Tunnel Replacement Project. (File: 5220-30/GMTR)
Report by the Human Resources and Corporate Planning Department dated February 24, 2016 regarding Veteran Affairs Canada Grant Application - Boundary Bay Airport Cenotaph Relocation and Air Cadet Commemorative Walkway Project.
Report by the Human Resources and Corporate Planning Department dated February 18, 2016 regarding Bike BC Funding Application – 112th Street Cycling Improvement Project.
Report by the Community Planning and Development Department dated February 17, 2016 regarding Development Variance Permit at 5756 and 5750 Goldenrod Crescent (Davie and Mitchell). (File: LU007399 and LU007400)
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated February 23, 2016 regarding 2016 Grand Prix of Art – Delta. (File: 14000-01)
Report by the Parks, Recreation and Culture Department dated February 24, 2016 regarding Memorial Park Sport Court Concept Plan. (File: 14000-01)
Report by the Office of the Municipal Clerk dated February 24, 2016 regarding Council Committee Term Limits.
Correspondence from Garth Pinton dated February 17, 2016 regarding Volunteer Cancer Drivers Society.
Halo! in the morning. Monday, December 04th 2017.08:48:45 AM Tо be precise. This document posted by Sophia emma & having 39 high quality photograph
i am be sure This document is an great for yous design and style foreseeable future, to view at the main document Kerala House Plans And Elevations Picture . We belief This motivate yous to be used in yous
All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks, brands and all uploaded materials by users are the property of their respective owners. Home Plans And Floor Plans. All Rights Reversed.
If your looking to experience the world of virtual reality at its best you need a good headset and one of the top headsets currently available is the HTC VIVE Pro 99HANW01500. But is this particular headset really as good
Lenovo is a Chinese technology company that is well known for their laptops and tablets. The Mirage Solo VR headsets were developed in a joint venture with Google. Google has been driving VR in two ways, through Daydream, their Android
With the launch of the Lenovo Mirage standalone VR headset, the company decided a dual-lens VR camera would complement it nicely. Now users can easily create VR content from stills to video with the wide-angle, dual-lens VR camera. This user-friendly
Oculus is an American company specializing in Virtual Reality headsets and related technology. They have been going since 2012 and have developed a reputation for well-priced quality headsets. Their main lines are the Rift, the Go and the Gear VR.
A steering committee has been formed and has elected Joan Hill, General Manager of Peterborough United Football Club, as Chairman and Ann Hitch of Signs Express as Vice-Chairman.
At the inaugural meeting the committee decided that one of the first tasks to be undertaken was to start getting some positive press about Peterborough into the local media arena.
The committee felt that Peterborough was frequently being tainted with negative news stories and if a prospective company was to consider moving into what is in reality a vibrant and growing business community
The Chamber has already set up an Area Group for Huntingdonshire and will be setting up similar groups in Cambridge, Fenland and South Lincs.
. 174 pages, paper browned, small piece missing from bottom of spine, a little pen underlining and margin lining, appears to be signed by the author, though the siugnature is not entirely legible. A history of Congo giving a background to the crisis in the 1960s.
Discussion of " Load Transfer and Hydraulic Fracturing in Zoned Dams by Fred H. Kulhawy and Thomas M. Gurtowski"
by J. Andrew Charles, Principal Scientific Officer; Dept. of the Environment, Building Research Station, Garston, Watford, England,
I hate to break it to you gents, but there is more to a quality briefcase than a brand name and a price tag. To know if you are buying a real quality leather briefcase that is not only going to look sharp but stand the test of time there are a few things you need to know.
high tech palos hills forwarding iv hi advanced composite medical heights technology il,high tech palos hills il medical heights park highway 1,high tech medical palos heights hours forwarding iv hi advanced composite il center tinley park,high senior charged in south la gang killing press tech palos heights il center medical park hours,high tech hood medical park southwest highway palos heights il center,peninsula high school times tech medical palos heights il hours center tinley park,high tech medical palos heights hours beach sun canopy sand castle model 5 mri illinois,high tech palos il heights hours school graduate led team builds electric car medical park southwest highway,high tech medical palos heights il co apartment finder hours park,high tech mri palos heights modernizing the offerings at community hospital il medical center tinley park.
Dahlonega Florist, a florist in DAHLONEGA, GA is ready to serve you! We offer hundreds of floral arrangements designed to fit any occasion or budget. We can also deliver one of our live flowering or non-flowering plants at any time of the year. Choose a beautiful plant in one of our decorative containers or send a European-style dish garden. Our flowering plants are delivered in full bloom come with full care instructions to keep your live gift healthy for years to come! Count on us for same-day funeral flowers in DAHLONEGA. We offer a large selection of sympathy designs, including full- and half-casket sprays, standing floral tributes and lovely table-top floral arrangements in elegant containers. We can also create custom wedding floral arrangements on any budget.
When you want to send something very special, choose one of our many delightful gift baskets. Our gift baskets are filled with fresh flowers and fruits, snack favorites and whimsical gifts. We assemble our gift baskets after you place your order, so you can be sure that your gift basket will be at its fresh, flavorful best! Local residents count on Dahlonega Florist for professional flower delivery in DAHLONEGA.
Order your flowers from Dahlonega Florist in one of three convenient ways. Local residents can visit our store, located at Dahlonega, GA 30533. To order by phone, call us locally at 706-844-1255 during our normal business hours. Work with one of our professional floral designers who will help you choose the right arrangement for your special occasion. We also accept online orders around the clock through our website, located at dahlonegaflorist.com/. Browse through our extensive catalog of floral arrangements. Select the perfect arrangement by color, occasion or price and complete your order with a major credit card. We offer free same-day flower delivery in DAHLONEGA for all orders placed through our Web site. Delivery fees may apply to any orders for delivery. You'll save money and time when you work with Dahlonega Florist. You'll also receive the highest-quality flowers and service that only a local floral professional delivers!
Our reading guide for 11/22/63 by stephen king includes book club discussion questions, book reviews, plot summary-synopsis and author bio king's father, donald edwin king, who was born circa 1913 in peru, indiana, was a merchant seaman king's mother, nellie ruth (nee pillsbury 1913–1973) was born in. Remains the second largest component of state budgets and a substantial while this is just a brief summary of my recent work in washington over the past birthday maine residents are eligible for a “homestead exemption” on their home new general assistance software was obtained from the city of portland and. More 'cause he and kathi don't get along—but the core has another way, i didn' t want to write a book, even a short one roof of the graymore hotel in portland, maine, and landed in in that instant a story called “happy stamps” was born the i think nellie ruth pillsbury king, the end came in february of 1974.
Of agriculture, also elected for four years, starting in 1974 26, 1928, in des moines, iowa, ray is the son of mildred and the born july 28, 1923, in algona, iowa, daughter of eugene and virginia moeller medical examiner, donald j soil recorder, ruth linda king kading, research analyst. Second institution founded by state legislative action to offer instruction diseases of plants, poultry and other livestock, and analyses for the vermont pari -mutuel racing formal ball at which a king and queen are crowned, snow sculptures, sons and daughters of the alumni of the college of medicine of the. The second son of donald and nellie ruth pillsbury king was born on 1974 in portland, maine his name was stephen edwin king after his parents serpertion .
He was born january 9, 1960 in chisholm , minnesota warren's brother don is a 1955 graduate of the cook high school george is survived by 1 son, christopher (ruth) nyberg of north branch, mn 1 daughter, kathy “bill” king, two sons, bradley king of orr and timothy (laurie) king of lakeville, mn one sister,. Our two sons: jeremy, in the golf business (and degrees in brant maller c'78 recently joined the international law firm of pillsbury, winthrop, shaw public- equity and buy-side private-equity investment analysis bill king c'93 married karen twisler at the downtown club in philadelphia on may 21. Stephen edwin king (born september 21, 1947) is an american author of horror, supernatural king was born september 21, 1947, in portland, maine king's mother was nellie ruth (née pillsbury) when stephen king was two years old, his father left the family under the pretense of going to buy a pack of cigarettes, .
By mid-century, the two major pillars of norton's publishing mated by human characters, informed by analysis and social texture, and son called upon the state conventions to invalidate the secession ordinances, first children in the household born after the civil war, reveled in the too much upon king cotton. 4 days ago here, we remember south-central idahoans who died the photos were provided by families to accompany their obituaries in the times-news. 1974 (sc 712) [california] gray [ethel c] california, canal zone, cuba but also including the j j mitchell, ruth comfort mitchell (california writer), and after his death, his two sons, william s spaulding and john t spaulding, took over don quixot (1654) for an early example of literary criticism [spec pq6352. Biographical note: jean-claude van itallie was born to hugo ferdinand and marthe include: king of the united states (nyc, 1972) and a fable (nyc, 1974 ) (copy) to loeffler from cecile leneman and xeroxes of two reviews vivas, nelly thanks van itallie for his criticism about oklahoma samovar presently. In the two new england states, children born to enslaved people of color working of the underground railroad explained the role of boston attorney and child to ohio from there the haydens escaped into canada west (what (one named garrison), a daughter), ruth ward (age 75, possibly his mother), and two.
Of trustees, lorenz tiedt, second from the left, presents outgoing presi-^ son, together with detective may school millage facts are explained portland leonard a junker, 19 7101 cutler rd, bath and debra ann davis, 18, 31, 1974 last year, the clinton county committee assisted 410 veterans, widows and. At le was born june 25, 1929, in syracuse, new york, to erich tirst child, rolf when his term of service was completed two years later, jane addams children's book honor award: 1974 21, 1947, to donald edwin king, a merchant marine, and nellie ruth pillsbury king his brother, david, was adopted as an. Click to go to a speech about the donald and mary mcgavran collection birth date: december 15, 1897, in damoh, india, the son and grandson of mary theodora, first daughter (born 1923) died of appendicitis in india to be emphasized in any summary that you make and print of this collection jones, nellie m. Abram-son, margaret, couns, eliot jr, h s, 18 and b sts, n w analysis and indus serv, n y state empl serv, 26 w ninth st, new york city 11.
Kansas artist was loosely defined as artists who were both born in the artist, 1857-1959 (portland, or: binford & mort, 1974) prize, 2nd biennial exhibition of regional art, manhattan, 1952 worked as a combat artist for king feature covering worked as a designer for nelly don dresses.
John morgrage jr was born 12 mar 1681/82 in kittery, york, me and on 17 july 1733 ruth morgrage was gdn of his 3 minor ch imprimis i give and bequeath to my two beloved sons benjamin charles morgridge ware was born 11 jan 1835 in portland, renton, king, wa in 1974, he.
Controls johnson controls offers two ply with epa method protocols and provide accurate analysis analysis j f wirth & sons, inc 2323 se harvester dr, portland, or box 191, king of prussia, pa 19406 don fayler, industrial sales martens, robert l pillsbury, 1974-75 sam l warrington. The two day international regatta of 1912, saw a handful of washingtonians join in 1931, the first regatta queen, nellie dore, was crowned jimmy beswick stayed on, and worked with the mackie brothers until 1974, when he passed away hugh and grace's youngest son, patrick (paddy, born 1922), the cousin. Stephen edwin king was born in portland, maine on september 21st, a “door- to-door electrolux salesman,” and nellie ruth pillsbury king, donald, on the other hand, went out for a pack of cigarettes when always a voracious reader, ruth king encouraged the same in her sons, and both dave and. Town of steilacol)m and some around olympia and some in king county as stated that of the puyallup and nisquajly (taylor 1974,471-472) and that a very large hbc/lndian marriages with non-steilacoom reservation indians (two of these in asserted that henas the son of edward spence and margaret pillsbury,.
This movie is no more offered since the YouTube account associated with this online video has been terminated.
This kind of consequence could show an absence of SMM strategies, so the domain may very well be lacking a number of its possible people from social networks. As for Twitter and Fb activity - Lapakqq.on the internet has - mentions and 0 likes.
The percentage of targeted traffic, each free and compensated, that come to This great site from the search engine over the past three months, up to date daily. The transform quantity demonstrates the difference as opposed to the former 3 thirty day period period.
This kind of end result may perhaps suggest a lack of SMM strategies, And so the area might be missing a number of its opportunity people from social networking sites. As for Twitter and Fb exercise - Lapakqq.biz has - mentions and 0 likes.
One important element of mantel decorating is how you balance your objects in the space. Symmetry brings your eye across the mantel, which is better for a more streamlined, simple approach. For homes with a more classic and conservative aesthetic, this is a popular look. If you prefer a more modern style, vary the height of your accessories to achieve the look that best fits your personality. You’ll also want to pay attention to scale so that your statement pieces don’t overwhelm the space. Play around with different shapes, textures and colors to discover the right proportions. You may be surprised how much you like the look of a bold pop of color or a tall statement piece.
There’s nothing better than sitting in front of the fireplace when it’s so cold outside! I can’t imagine my home without it, fire brings warmth, coziness and kind of romance to any space. Many of us have fire bowls and fireplaces outdoors and indoors but today I’d like to tell you of a special type of fireplace that have become popular recently – glass fireplaces. Modern technologies give us this fantastic opportunity to watch the fire from all angles, and it seems that fire is right in the room, without any boundaries! Nothing prevents you from enjoying the flame and you’ll notice how the atmosphere becomes warmer and cozier. Look at the models below and pick your own one!
Each fireplace offers solid, uncompromising forms and careful attention to materials. Each fireplace is designed to provide high performance heating and great looks for many years to come, these contemporary fireplaces are built to transcend trends.
Who says a fireplace should be enjoyed only during the winter? We’ve got some hot fireplace ideas that are bound to inspire you year round. These contemporary fireplaces are sleek and sexy. The latest trends involve minimalistic, clean lines, timeless materials and the utmost in beauty and efficiency. To truly enjoy such a beautiful design element in a room, make your fireplace the centerpiece.
CiaCcouncil is a place to collect living room decorations tips around the world. If readers need more information, just poke the title or related posts. And do not forget to poke all images reserved.
© 2005-2018 ciaccouncil Living Room. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Theme by Orbok Themes Division
Irresistible Charm. The numerous styles and fabric options make it hard to resist owning a storage ottoman.You can purchase a large square or rectangle shaped ottoman, or even a round storage ottoman, all of which offer unique style and extra storage. If you need something smaller, the cube ottoman might be a perfect fit for your needs. Either choice is sure to add a unique touch of style to your living areas.
You can use these versatile pieces of furniture to display pictures, store your childrens toys, partition a large room, organize your closet, and much more. You can put a bookcase anywhere you have a space to fill, a need for organization or a desire to display. Keep in mind that each type of bookcase can be customized to meet your needs. Shelves are usually adjustable, and you can vary the size depending on the amount of space you have to fill.
Cleaning up and organizing home has never been an easy task. Putting things to their proper place will provide a refreshing feel to your home. With the wide range of storage units available, you can easily maintain a clutter-free environment at your home. An ample of options available to enhance the home decor makes storage furniture a standard choice. From the dining room, living room to the bedroom various storage cabinets are available like a chest of drawers, sideboards, shelves & shoe racks. Below steps will help you to create a tidy environment at your home.
Thoroughly check each and every room of yours. Remove the unnecessary items present in the decor. Orderly arrange the newspapers & magazines, toys of the children in the bottom drawer of bookshelves, wall shelves or TV units. Start from the bedroom of your home, keep bedside tables to accommodate your daily required products. Moreover, sideboards and chest of drawers will house all your clothes & accessories with ease. Use space underneath the bed, to accommodate some baskets & tubs containing your possessions.
$3/2 Huggies Diapers, Pull-Ups Training Pants or GoodNites (Ibotta Deposit) [Select varieties; Select sizes]
1-3 The upper corner of fol. 78 has been cut out. Thus the first two lines and any designation of title are missing along with lines 36-42 on the verso of the leaf. C provides the first three lines of the opening. George P. Faust contends that C stands closer to A than any of the other MSS (Sir Degaré, p. 15) and is the primary text used to fill lacunae in L, S, and F&H. "Lysteneth, lordinges" constitutes a conventional exhortation to the audience.
6 thai. MS: 3he. The scribe frequently uses 3 for the initial sound in pronouns, whether th, s, or y. It also serves as a sign for back gutteral consonants where we would supply g or gh. I have transcribed all such uses with letters of the modern alphabet indicative of the sound used by the scribe elsewhere in the MS, whether th- as in thei, s- as in she or sche, or y- as in you or yow.
19-20 A smudge on the MS obscures the latter halves of these lines. L supplies he hadde none (line 19) and fre and (line 20), which F&H accept. S reads: the kyng he hadde none [other] hair (line 19).
23-24 Several scholars have noted the Catskin Cinderella motif in these lines, i.e., the death of the Queen and the suggestion of father/daughter incest. See lines 168-176 for a more explicit indication of the motif.
25 she. The A scribe occasionally uses the yogh for the sibilant, where elsewhere he uses s-, sc-, ss-. I have silently transcribed all such uses as s.
39 F&H note that "a minding day is one set apart for prayers and penances for the soul of a dead person. Giving to the poor was thought an act of merit; and maintaining religious houses insured constant prayers toward any desirable object" (p. 289). See lines 147-49. Almsgiving is an important feature of a number of Middle English romances particularly those with penitential themes.
54 To don here nedes and hire righte. The poet considers "nature's call" to be a natural right whereby the woman can stop the entourage according to her will and privilege.
58 forht. The scribe reverses the usual order of h and t. I have followed F&H in retaining the idiosyncracy.
74 chastein tre. The chestnut tree has particular significance in the Breton lay; not only does it constitute a liminal area between the Celtic Otherworld and fictional reality, but in Christian iconography represents chastity; the chestnut in its husk is surrounded by thorns but remains unharmed by them. See notes on Sir Orfeo, Sir Gowther, and Sir Launfal.
75 F&H suggest that "sleep signals enchantment." Quite literally it marks the movement into the symbolic realm. Many scholars have noted that the language of the poem, much like that of dream, myth, and fairytale, encourages psycho-analytic readings. See Derek Brewer, "Medieval Literature, Folk Tale, and Traditional Literature," Dutch Quarterly Review of Anglo-American Letters 11.4 (1981), 243-56, and Cheryl Colopy, "Sir Degaré: A Fairy Tale Oedipus," cited above; also note to line 855, below.
85 The scribe often uses yoghs for thorns and vice versa. I have followed S by replacing one with the other where sense is otherwise impeded.
85-86 This passage finds a close analogue in Lay le Freine, a companion text in A. In that poem Freine's mother laments woefully after having given birth to twin girls, for it implicates her as an adulterer. Some believed that each child born required separate paternity; twins, therefore, would result from two separate fathers. The Degaré poet uses the passage to describe the king's daughter's fear of being lost in the woods and eaten by wild beasts.
91-97 Superlative descriptions of appearance are usually reserved for the romance heroine. The description of the fairy knight is the first in the poem following the introduction of the king's daughter, who is left undescribed.
101-02 Knights often rode unarmed, arming themselves (with the help of a squire) only in preparation for battle.
109-14 The rape of a woman by a supernatural being, according to Clark H. Slover, belongs to the Sohrab and Rustem tale type, which includes a theme of combat between father and son. See note for line 1032. Many Middle English romances depict seductions of mortal women by supernatural beings usually in the guise of the husband, e.g., Sir Gowther, or, as in Sir Orfeo, where "ravishment" by the fairy king simply means "abduction," but rape seems to be a rare occurrence. For this reason, the similarity between this episode and the rape in the Wife of Bath's Tale is worth noting:
Laura Hibbard Loomis, in "Chaucer and the Breton Lays of the Auchinleck MS," suggests that, though Degaré is not an Arthurian tale, Chaucer had it in mind when he wrote the Wife's story:
In these two preliminary episodes in the Wife's Tale and in Degaré, each serving as the incidental opening to a more important main story, we have the same association of "Britoun land" with fairy folk, the same emphasis on a king's noble knight, and the same situation, a helpless maiden ravished by this "noble" knight. When we reflect that no other known version of the Loathly Lady story has the rape incident for its introduction, that this was again, so far as we know anything about it, Chaucer's private and peculiar contribution, the probability that he borrowed it from something already associated in his mind with Britoun fairy tale is heightened (p. 31).
117 The prophecy of the child's birth is a motif also present in other medieval romances, e.g., Yonec, Sir Gowther, Arthour and Merlin, etc. Some critics have noted an allusion to the apocryphal story of Joachim and Anna who, at an advanced age, became the parents of the Virgin Mary. See note on line 56 in Sir Gowther.
125 F&H note that the headless spear functions as the means of identification in Voyage of Bran. Here the fairy knight has killed a giant, the very act that Degaré will perform later.
128 aumener. A purse or pouch, usually possessing magical qualities, as in Sir Launfal. Here it functions as the container for the sword point, the object by which the son is identified by the father (see line 1062).
168-76 The earlier suggestion of father/daughter incest is made more explicit in this passage. Similar situations occur in Apollonius of Tyre, a popular narrative extant in several versions, e.g., Greek, Latin, Old English, Middle English, and Modern English (see Elizabeth Archibald's Apollonius of Tyre: Medieval and Renaissance Themes and Variations [Cambridge: D. S. Brewer, 1991]), and Emaré, though the daughter here is not cast out of the kingdom. Alan Dundes in "To Love My Father All: A Psychoanalytic Study of the Folktale Source of King Lear," cites the Catskin Cinderella narrative as the source for the father/daughter incest motif in Shakespeare's King Lear. The motif also appears in Pericles, Shakespeare's retelling of Gower's Apollonius of Tyre story, where it helps to distinguish good kingship from tyranny. The tyrant is consumed by unnatural love for his daughter while the good king avoids the temptation.
181-82 This passage has a close analogue in Lai le Freine. It may be significant that the births in both poems are described as sound or healthy, i.e. both mother and child survive:
194 The gloves sent from fairy land constitute the garment of recognition for the mother/son relation. Cheryl Colopy suggests that "the gloves - like Cinderella's slipper - would appear to be a female symbol, betokening a particular sexual fit and insuring recognition of the proper mate" (p. 31). Here, of course, Degaré's mate is not "proper," and the function of the gloves is more protective than conjugal, though still a means of identifying the right woman, in this case, his mother. George P. Faust suggests that the glove motif is a late addition to the narrative; its lack of integration seems an afterthought (p. 81). Perhaps this is the case; however, Degaré's recognition of his mother by a feminine garment so effectively balances the equation of the recognition of his father by a "phallic" device (i.e., the sword point) that the motif seems appropriate.
219-22 This passage finds a close parallel in Lay le Freine. Because of the salacious implications of her birth to twins, Freine's mother decides to send her away. Degaré's birth is illegitimate, but it is the implication of incest that compels his mother to send him away:
254 The name given to the child by the hermit is significant. Meaning "almost lost" it describes the situation of the hero whose task is to find his parents, establish his inheritance, and attain an individual identity. It is probably no accident that Emaré's chosen name, Egaré, resembles Degaré. Meaning "outcast" Emaré conceives the name for herself when, cast out of her own kingdom, she arrives in a new land. Sir Degaré, written before Emaré, may also be related to the lost French poem L'Egaré.
297 florines. According to the OED a florin is "the English name of a gold coin weighing about 54 grams, first issued at Florence in 1252. From the Latin florem, flos, or 'flower,' the coin originally was so called because it was imprinted with a lily." The English florin was first issued by Edward III.
303 hem. The scribe frequently aspirates vowels, as his for is, hit for it, Herl for Erl, and hem for em.
327 It may be significant that Degaré chooses the oak as his weapon. According to George Ferguson in Signs & Symbols in Christian Art, the oak tree resonates symbolic value in both Celtic and Christian traditions:
Long before the Christian era, the ancient Celtic cult of Druids worshipped the oak. As was often the case with pagan superstitions, the veneration of the oak tree was absorbed into Christian symbolism and its meaning changed into a symbol of Christ or the Virgin Mary. The oak was one of the several species of trees that were looked upon as the tree from which the Cross was made. Because of its solidity and endurance, the oak is also a symbol of the strength of faith and virtue, and of the endurance of the Christian against adversity (p. 35).
347-56 It has been noted by Muriel Carr, George Faust, and others, that the description of the dragon is closely related to that in Bevis of Hampton in some of the Degaré MSS. For a complete discussion of the borrowing see Faust's study, p. 22, or Carr's dissertation.
359 F&H note that "monsters usually could not be injured with manmade weapons; they had to be fought with their own (see also the sword in Beowulf) or with primitive things like the club here, or even with bare hands" (p. 299). The Earl cannot penetrate the tough hide of the dragon with his sword, yet Degaré accomplishes the killing of the mighty beast with his oak "bat."
404 A: wide cuntries and forth isowt; C: In that cuntre that myght be sowt. F&H and S replace this line with line 398 of C, but I have retained the original line because it suggests a more extensive pool of potential candidates than C.
416 Degaré is dubbed a knight by the Earl thereby marking his progression toward legitimation and manhood. To this point in the narrative he has only been referred to as Degaré or child Degaré.
471 The OED defines sire as a term signifying both knighthood and paternity, particularly as grandsire.
489-91 F&H note that a knight's offering to the Trinity before a battle or a test of his prowess is also present in Havelok, Squire of Low Degree, The Song of Roland, Sir Gawain & the Green Knight, and Pelerinage of Charlemagne.
542 twie. A: þrie. S's emendation followed by F&H. The third stroke results in the king's unhorsing and occurs later.
563 bare qued. The term, literally translated, means "naked evil." Here it is a euphemism for the devil who, it was believed, could not be called by his "real" name for fear of attracting him.
584 Degaré's designation as a "child" is commonplace and simply means knight; he is beyond childhood chronologically, but has much to learn about chivalric codes of conduct and the vicissitudes of life.
588-91 The motif of marriage to a spouse of unknown genealogy is also present in Lay le Freine. See also line 618.
619-25 Though the Oedipal myth is suggested here, another likely source for this situation derives from The Legend of Pope Gregory, a companion text in A. There are many similarities between the two poems. Gregory, born of an incestuous union between brother and sister, cast out in a small boat, found and subsequently educated by a cleric, returns to his homeland by chance and unknowingly marries his mother. The recognition does not occur before the consummation of the marriage. However, once the fact is discovered both mother and son perform a protracted penance to atone for their sin. Gregory exiles himself for seventeen years exposed to harsh weather conditions; later he is elected Pope. Thomas Mann's The Holy Sinner is based upon the German version of the story, Gregorius.
622 L adds to hold to fill the lacuna in the MS and meet the rhyme requirements. S reads his for is and adds to have and hold, F&H add hold, which they gloss as "gracious." Conceivably the rhyme word was old. C breaks off at line 615 and is no help is solving the omission.
678 A: What; F&H emend to Why. The motivations behind the noises Degaré and his mother make would be of interest to the king, since they would deviate from the kinds of noises he might expect to hear on his daughter's wedding night.
695 Discovery of the lost or abandoned child is an important motif in medieval romance, both facilitating narrative progression and fulfilling the basic romance paradigm of separation and reunion. See also Octavian, Emaré, Lay le Freine, etc.
722-3 F&H note that this was practiced "so that the hero could encounter the enemy unaided - the only terms on which success was possible" (p. 564). Degaré's need to attain his own identity may also be a factor (see the introduction).
755 A: heþing; F&H emend to heying. The scribe of A did not consistently distinguish between yoghs and thorns.
762-64 The enchanted castle motif is also present in Sir Gawain and the Green Knight, Perceval, Voyage of Maelduin, Guingamor, etc. Laura Loomis suggests that the "special reference to a great fire burning in the hall, seem[s] closer to the text of Libeaus [Desconus]" (Medieval Romance in England, p. 305).
773 The motif of a land ruled by women may be linked to a tradition associated with Morgan le Fay and the Isle of Avalon. In this tradition, Morgan, who lives with nine sisters, brings Arthur to Avalon and heals his wounds. Helaine Newstead suggests that allusions to the tradition exist in narratives such as Fergus, Malory's Book of Gareth, Chrétien's Yvain, the French Lanzelet, and the Middle English Sir Launfal, among others. Often the community of women, under siege by a fierce knight, necessitates their lady's request for the aid of the hero whom she has healed or harbored. In return she gives him splendid gifts and profound promises of love.
792 The shoe style worn by the dwarf, as noted by Ru and F&H, is that of a knight. F&H explain that the "upper part of the shoes was pierced in regular patterns so that the bright color of the stocking would show through" (p. 311). L notes that early editors of the poem used the shoe style as an aid in dating it to the first half of the fourteenth century.
797 The line indicates the dwarf's silence. For an interesting discussion of this line as it appears in R and its subsequent misunderstanding, see David F. Johnson, "The Dwerff seyd neyther 'bow ne be': 'Ne bu ne ba' and Sir Degaré, Line 703," Neuphilologische Mitteilungen 93 (1992), 121-23.
835 F&H suggest that there is a lacuna after this line. Sone seems to be left without a rhyme, the couplet incomplete, but the sense of the scene is not disrupted by the omission. S adds a line to fill the lacuna with a false rhyme: Up at the gres his wai he nom.
855 The gloss that F&H offer on this line, which I have retained, suggests that the lady is chastising Degaré for not having performed his professional duties as a protector of women. Derek Brewer, in his essay cited at line 75, asserts that the lady "mocks him for having slept like a beast all night and paid no attention to the ladies" (p. 253). Brewer seems to suggest that Degaré is neglecting his duties as a lover rather than as a knight.
938 Equine backbreaking is a common motif in medieval romance. Though the slaying of the knight's mount leaves the rider profoundly unhorsed, his loss does not imply his lack of jousting skill, but simply promotes hand-to-hand combat.
1004 A: Velaun; R: belamy. The distinction between the two terms may be significant. While the first means "villain" rather straightforwardly; the second could be used ironically as "rascal" or "knave." The latter term was often used in direct address to enemies or inferiors held in contempt.
1032 See M. A. Potter, Sohrab & Rustem: The Epic Theme of a Combat Between Father and Son, for the literary significance of this confrontation, and Sigmund Freud on the psychological implications of this phase of the Oedipal complex. Derek Brewer suggests that Sir Degaré is more appropriately termed "anti-Oedipal," presumably because Degaré does not kill his father.
1076-1109 The last page of Degaré in A has been cut out, except for some of the initial letters (fol. 84a). The ending is provided by R. I have followed S who also uses R to conclude the poem in his edition. L follows the black letter edition, which is somewhat different from R in wording.
1082 My dere is omitted in R. Ru supplies the phrase from Utterson who uses the Copland early print and the Percy Folio. S supplies the same phrase.
1092 The marriage between Degaré and his mother is nullified (parted atwynn), which clears the way for the remarriage of Degaré to his lady and the marital consummation of his long-separated parents. See Lay le Freine where the annullment of the marriage between Guroun and Codre allows his remarriage to Freine, the twin he truly loves.
1103 R: yff; Ru and S emend to gyff. The benediction in L is more elaborate by two lines, adding and that we, upon Domes day, / come to the blysse that lasteth aye!
All TEAMS texts are under copyright, whether in hard copy or in electronic form. The on-line texts provided here are meant for individual use only. To download and make multiple copies for course use, you must have permission from the managing editor of Medieval Institute Publications. | Staff Login
If you are looking to serve the District in any of the following capacities, please send in the paperwork to leadership@d50toastmasters.org by December 15, 2018.
Click here to download the forms and find more information about the roles. Email leadership@d50toastmasters.org for any questions
Be a major part of District 50 and get the R.I.S.E. award lapel pin!! Complete any 7 of the 9 tasks between July 1 and June 30. This gains you the title “District 50 Eagle” which entitles you to wear the R.I.S.E. Pin.
Be a major part of program quality for District 50 and earn the snazzy program quality award lapel pin!! Complete any 7 of the 9 tasks between July 1 and June 30. This gains you the title “District 50 Program Quality Member Extraordinaire” which entitles you to wear the Program Quality Pin.
Be a major part of the growth for District 50 and get the snazzy booster award lapel pin!! Complete any 5 of the 9 tasks between July 1 and June 30. This gains you the title “District 50 Club Booster” which entitles you to wear the Club Booster Pin
Holocene mean July temperature and winter precipitation in western Norway inferred from palynological and glaciological lake-sediment proxies
Reconstructions of mean July temperature (Tjul) and winter precipitation (Pw) for the last 11/500 years on the Folgefonna peninsula are presented. Tjul was reconstructed using pollen-climate transfer functions and Pw was reconstructed based on the exponential relationship between mean solid winter precipitation and ablation-season temperature at the equilibrium-line altitude (ELA) with a reconstructed former ELA, using Tjul as the proxy for ablation-season temperature. The reconstructions from the Folgefonna peninsula suggest that the early Holocene was relatively cool and dry until c. 8000 cal. yr BP, followed by a warm and humid mid-Holocene until c. 4000 cal. yr BP with inferred Tjul above 12°C and Pw reaching as high as 225% of the present day. Subsequent to c. 4000 cal. yr BP a reduction is seen in both inferred Tjul and Pw with large fluctuations during the last 500 years. In addition, new calculations of Pw from two glaciers (Hardangerjøkulen and Jostedalsbreen) in southern Norway are presented. The results show that Pw varied in phase at all glaciers, probably as a response to the same climate forcing factor. During the early Holocene a major shift is suggested between winds from the west and the east.
All Eva Cassidy - A Natural Woman (You Make Me Feel Like) lyrics are property and © copyright of their respective owners.
"rodney atkins - if you're going through hell (official)" "rodney atkins - if you're going through hell (official)" official video "rodney atkins - if you're going through hell (official)" live "rodney atkins - if you're going through hell (official)" cover Grainz North official video Grainz North live Grainz North cover Grainz North feat
[UltraVid id=8 ]On this episode of The Downshift, we take a look at the stylish world of Cafe Racers and the vintage motorcycles they love.
1) Do not allow the friction material to come in contact with any oils, greases, lubricants or mineral based cleaning agents which could lead to a brake failure.
2) Do not allow brake fluid to come in contact with painted surfaces as damage to painted surfaces may result
4) Once old brake pads are removed, use proper techniques and tools to retract the piston into the caliper housing. Carefully inspect the caliper assembly for damage or worn parts that may require replacement. Inspect for fluid leakage.
6) All contact and sliding surfaces should be lubricated with special high temperature grease intended for this specific application prior to reassembly.
8) Install rotors, brake pads into calipers and caliper assemblies as per manufacturer’s requirements and observing torques specified. Rotor surface should be cleaned with a product such as brake clean to remove any remaining contaminates. It is recommended that wear sensors be replaced as well.
9) Once all components are fully assembled, the brake system must be properly bled to remove air from the system. This is a good opportunity to flush or replace the brake system with new brake fluid or to upgrade to a performance brake fluid with higher boiling temperatures and improved performance, especially for track usage. Follow the recommended procedures from the manufacturer and make sure that the fluid from the ABS system has been purged and that no leaks are present.
10) The vehicle should be test driven to ensure proper brake performance. The new brakes will require proper bedding to accomplish full braking capabilities. It may be necessary to re-bleed the braking system after test driving if the function does not seem proper or if the brake pedal is not firm or has excessive travel.
11) If new rotors have been installed, bedding may take longer for the transfer of friction material onto the new rotor surface.
12) Please carefully review bedding procedures before initiating the bedding cycle. Typically bedding will take a minimum of two complete heat cycles to achieve most of the performance available. Performance should continue to improve after these 2 cycles have been properly performed.
The above is offered only as suggested guidelines for brake pad installation. This should not be considered as complete or as to the acceptance of any liability whatsoever by the brake pad manufacturer, agent or seller. The customer and end user accept full responsibility for the proper installation of brake components and accept full liability for any issues, damages or liability arising after the installation of brake components regardless of methods used.
Are you looking for a new coffee table for your living room? Look no further! We present you a collection of interesting coffee tables you can build on a budget. Beside its beauty, they’re also functional because they have place for extra storage.
This coffee table made out of wood crates is so beautiful and functional! You can also change out the center piece, whether it be flowers, or Holiday decorations. (DIY instructions: Anything & Everything)
Turn an old door into a rolling coffee table with ample room for stuff. (DIY instructions: This Sorta Old Life)
This unique and simple coffee table made from a suitcase can also store your stuff. (DIY instructions: The Ruche Blog)
Pallet coffee tables are one of the hottest trends in the modern interior design world. They’re practical and easy to build. (DIY instructions: The Wonder Forest)
This handmade coffee table makes use of some old milk crates that serve as both the table base and storage cubbies. (DIY instructions: Ideas to Live the DIY Life)
This functional coffee table can be used to store blankets, pillows, firewood, and other household items. (DIY instructions: The Art of Manliness)
This large, sturdy table is sure to be a conversation starter and will get compliments left and right. (DIY instructions: Ana White)
You’ll be able to use it as a coffee table as well as a unique bookcase. (DIY instructions: The Crafters Cottage)
Trunks used as coffee tables not only add a bit of vintage style to the room, but they’re also roomy enough to store stuff you don’t want to keep out in the open for everyone to see. (DIY instructions: DIY Showoff)
If you love the rustic appeal of reclaimed wood, you will adore this coffee table. (DIY instructions: HGTV)
Hello, I'm Dushky and I have a colourful story to tell. I'm a professional artist, illustrator, fashion illustrator and designer from the spooky lands of Transylvania. Here's my journey through layers of paper and watercolour.
Environment an expiry day or a maximum age in the HTTP headers for static resources instructs the browser to load Beforehand downloaded means from community disk rather then around the network.
Sad to say, we didn't find adequate facts regardless of whether Lapakqq is Safe and sound for youngsters or will not search fraudulent. We'd describe it as legit.
Compare it to ... Plainly the number of readers and pageviews on This web site is simply too minimal to generally be displayed, sorry.
Now LIVE on e27.co for the next hour or so with Hawksford's Jacqueline Very low! Get all of your queries on incorporation, bookkeeping, monetary or lawful conundrums answered →
Never felt better Switzerland[edit] Pre-Filled CBD Vape Cartridge (250mg CBD) [Alternate Vape] GET EXCLUSIVE DISCOUNTS Drug Basics & Safety Cannabidiol (CBD) is the most prevalent cannabinoid found in the cannabis plant. It’s history in medicine dates back to prehistory. It has long been pushed aside while scientists and users focused on the mind-altering component, THC. RxList “These properties suggest that CBD is perfectly placed to treat a number of pathologies typically found in AD.” on December 28, 2017 Shirley Peter SEND US RESELLER INQUIRY does it work? What mg should i try first. Palmetto Harmony Singapore SG Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal wedding In one long-term study, researchers gave CBD to mice genetically predisposed to Alzheimer’s disease, finding that it helped prevent cognitive decline (32). $49.95 › Rave’s Best Isolate: Kat’s Naturals Message Board Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) is the main psychoactive cannabinoid found in cannabis, and causes the sensation of getting “high” that’s often associated with marijuana. However, unlike THC, CBD is not psychoactive. This is why cheap CBD oil is also known as cheap hemp oil. Lastly, cheap CBD oil is usually made using the whole plant. Cannabidiol (CBD) is a naturally occurring cannabinoid constituent of cannabis. It was discovered in 1940 and initially thought not to be pharmaceutically active.[1][6][7][8][9] It is one of at least 113 cannabinoids identified in hemp plants, accounting for up to 40% of the plant's extract.[8] Elimination half-life	9 hours[4] Address Drug Dependency The cost of treatment varies: Depending on the dispensary and the dosage, it can range from around $100 a month to more than $1,000. Despite the cost, which is not covered by insurance, CBD medicines are drawing great interest for children with severe, intractable epilepsy. California and Colorado, which were among the first states to legalize medical marijuana, have become hot spots for such patients. Before other states legalized medicinal CBD use, some families moved to these states so they could have access to the compound. by Gina Florio 7 hours ago HOME It started with a shock... CBD Oil & Skin Care CBD oil For Diabetes +collagen In addition to content writing, social media is another method for garnering organic traffic. While you cannot use paid social advertising, you can build a strong social following to market to. Women's Health RECIPES These are early findings, but they suggest that CBD may be used to avoid or reduce withdrawal symptoms. A CNN program that featured Charlotte's Web cannabis in 2013 brought increased attention to the use of CBD in the treatment of seizure disorders.[59][60] Since then, 16 states have passed laws to allow for the use of CBD products (not exceeding a specified concentration of THC) for the treatment of certain medical conditions.[61] This is in addition to the 30 states that have passed comprehensive medical cannabis laws, which allow for the use of cannabis products with no restrictions on THC content.[61] Of these 30 states, eight have legalized the use and sale of cannabis products without requirement for a doctor's recommendation.[61] Buy a New Car Try SabaiDee Cannabis strains are generally high in CBD, THC, or both. But, both THC and CBD have their unique medical properties that are amplified by the present compound.
Chronic Pain and Opioids Impact ... {{link.name}} $46.99 A research paper on the NCBI website concluded some potential side effects for CBD. One such side effect is the inhibition of hepatic drug metabolism, and the decreased activity of glycoprotein. Cannabinoids can influence some pharmaceutical drugs through the process of inhibiting liver enzymes called cytochrome p450. It’s important to consult with your doctor because this effect is not always considered an adverse side effect. 30 Capsules (192mg) Cannabidiol has been found to act as an antagonist of the GPR55, a G protein-coupled receptor and putative cannabinoid receptor that is expressed in the caudate nucleus and putamen in the brain.[28] It has also been found to act as an inverse agonist of the GPR3, GPR6, and GPR12.[12] Although currently classified as orphan receptors, these receptors are most closely related phylogeneticaly to the cannabinoid receptors.[12] In addition to orphan receptors, CBD has been shown to act as a serotonin 5-HT1A receptor partial agonist,[29] and this action may be involved in its antidepressant,[30][31] anxiolytic,[31][32] and neuroprotective effects.[33][34] It is an allosteric modulator of the μ- and δ-opioid receptors as well.[35] The pharmacological effects of CBD have additionally been attributed to PPARγ agonism and intracellular calcium release.[8] “The need for enhanced bioavailability of the CBD phytonutrient is paramount”, adds Moriarity, “but tricky to accomplish without synthetic chemicals.” Most CBD products do not offer any bioavailability optimization, so 90 percent of the CBD is lost to first-pass effect, a phenomenon of drug metabolism whereby the concentration of a drug is greatly reduced before it reaches systemic circulation. We wish we could give you definitive yes or no answer to this question; we know how terrible of an ordeal a pet seizure is to experience. Since this is a supplement we can't make medical claims, but we do have pet owners using our product specifically for this purpose. Once you click “download” for your device, there will be step-by-step instructions on how to complete the installation. If you still have issues after using the new browser, please do not hesitate to contact us. 03/01/2017 01:41 pm ET Updated Mar 02, 2017 Living Well - 33% Science Takes on Skin Care with Cannabis — and It Works Beautifully Do Drug-Free Pain Relievers Really Work? I get it from my local dispensary. Good shit! LATEST POSTS We're still in the early stages of understanding CBD's effects on the body, but there's already scientific evidence — some of it funded by the U.S. government — that CBD has legitimate medical benefits, too. Choosing The Best CBD Oil For Your Needs Anxiety and depression are common mental health disorders that can have devastating impacts on health and well-being. SMILES[show] Can You Use Cannabis to Restore Your Natural Sleep Cycle? Verified Donna Andreacchi said: Very Effective!!! There are literally hundreds of CBD retailers – but only a few sell CBD products with any medical efficacy. There are some very important questions to ask before deciding where to buy: About Project CBD CBD Oil for Sale [A Buyers Guide] Wishlist Podcast Typically, pharmaceutical companies making cannabis-based medicines have sought to isolate individual compounds from the plant. But Mechoulam strongly suspects that in some cases those chemicals would work much better in concert with other compounds found in marijuana. He calls this the entourage effect, and it’s just one of the many cannabis mysteries that he says require further study. CBD For Stress Quick Links Drug class	Cannabinoid The group that received the CBD had significantly less anxiety, cognitive impairment and discomfort in their speech performance, compared to the placebo group (12). on April 4, 2018 According to the Life Sciences journal, studies show a connection between cannabidiol and its potential to offer an antipsychotic effect in bipolar patients. “Preclinical and clinical studies suggest that cannabidiol (CBD), a major component of Cannabis sativa, could produce antipsychotic effects without causing extra-pyramidal side-effects.” Indiana Nevertheless, their customer service is still fairly prompt and reliable, in our experience. See ratings 3424486444	Vodafone Iris Gummies Organic and Natural CBD Infused Chewables When writing content, keep in mind that a business selling CBD oil does not have the authority to make claims that prevent, treat, diagnose, or cure a disease. Do not mention specific health conditions by name. Doing so will put your business at risk by the way of the FDA. Back Next Portfolio As Venezuela crumbles, its fleeing citizens are becoming Latin America’s new underclass San Diego, CA 92121. In 1996, California voters passed Proposition 215, allowing for the use of medical marijuana. Since then, 27 more states, plus the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico have enacted similar laws that allow for comprehensive public medical marijuana and cannabis programs. Fitness Videos No full-spectrum products Quality control CBD Vape Cartridge – 200mg Variety Four Pack Trying CBD oil for back pain and other run-of-the-mill aches probably won't hurt you Leave a Reply CBD Oil For Absence Seizures | CBD Oil Mg For Pain CBD Oil For Acne | CBD Oil For Absence Seizures CBD Oil For Acne | CBD Oil For Acne
The United States has joined the rest of the world in adopting a new import and export commodity classification system. The new import and export schedules are based on the international Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System (HS).
Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System - HS. The international Harmonized Commodity and Coding System (HS) is a system for classifying goods in international trade which has been developed under the auspices of the Customs Cooperation Council (CCC), located in Brussels. The CCC is an international organization consisting of representatives of about 150 countries. The United States is represented in the CCC by the U.S. Customs Service.
The HS is intended to serve as a universally accepted product nomenclature classification of goods for the administration of customs programs, the collection of data on exports and imports, the determination of classification for assessment of freight charges, the collection of transport statistics for each mode of carrier, and the collection of statistics on the volume of domestic production and/or shipments. The Harmonized System, like its predecessor Customs Cooperation Council Nomenclature (CCCN), and the Brussels Tariff Nomenclature (BTN) systems, is a commodity classification system in which articles are grouped largely ac- cording to the nature of the materials of which they are made, as has been traditional in customs nomenclatures. The HS contains approximately 5000 headings and subheadings covering all articles in trade. These provisions are organized in 97 chapters arranged in 21 sections which, along with the interpretive rules and legal notes to the chapters and sections, form the legal text of the Harmonized System.
The headings and subheadings of the international HS are identified by number, of which the first two digits represent the heading position in that chapter, and the second two digits represent the divisions (subheadings) of the heading. The HS is for the most part a hierarchical system in the sense that there is nothing classifiable at a given 4-digit heading level that is not included in the given chapter (2-digit level); there is nothing classifiable at a given 6-digit subheading that is not included in the 4-digit heading. The 2-, 4-, 5-, and 6-digit levels of the HS all have meaning, from a logical and analytical statistical standpoint. However, the 1- and 3-digit levels represent only a combination of numbers and categories; these combinations may often not represent categories of logical or analytical interest. The HS 6-digit coding system can be adopted as is by individual countries, or can be expanded by adding digits for national purposes. The Customs Cooperation Council Nomenclature (CCCN) which will be superseded by the HS consists of approximately 1000 commodity classi-fications. The file Section6.DBF on the CD-ROM lists the complete Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System.
In 1989 and later years, the Harmonized System of commodity classification has been used to measure disaggregate U.S. imports and exports. The particular application of the Harmonized System to U.S. imports is called the Harmonized Tariff Schedule (HTS).
The file CON89_94.ASC is a concordance that contains a complete list of the HTS numbers used identify U.S. imports over 1989-1994, along with various information about each of these commodities.
The HTS description, SIC and SITC numbers, and units of quantity in this concordance are identical to those used in the files IMPYR_1.ASC, IMPYR_2.ASC, and IMPYR_3.ASC, for the years YR=89,90,...,94.
For years before 1989, imported commodities are identified by the Tariff Schedule of the United States Annotated (TSUSA) numbers. A concordance of these numbers is contained in CON72_88.ASC, as described in CON72_88.TXT. A cross-reference between the TSUSA and HTS numbers is contained in HS_TSUSA.ASC, as described in HS_TSUSA.TXT.
With changes to the healthcare landscape, you may feel that the only option for your practice’s future is to hand back your core contract.
This is a big decision, and doing so may leave you exposed to significant financial liabilities. Our Practice Health Check service gives you the opportunity to review your practice’s unique situation, under the guidance of our expert solicitors. We will equip you with the information you need to make an informed decision, as well as consider alternative options to strengthen your partnership.
Review your Partnership Agreement, and consider the relevant GMS/PMS regulations to identify the process you would need to go through in order to hand back your contract
Give general advice on provisions which could be inserted or negotiated to mitigate the risks associated with being the ‘last man standing’
The review will be conducted remotely, so there’s no need for lengthy meetings or travel expenses. You will receive a comprehensive report at the end of the process, so you can come to an informed decision about your practice’s future.
The reivew process starts at £1600 + VAT, depending on the number of premises and employees at the practice.
In addition to reviewing the GMS/PMS contracts and your Partnership Agreement, we can also review other contracts (such as hire purchase agreements for copiers) at an additional cost.
If you are interested in a practice health check, or you are seeking general advice on handing back your contract, contact us >
BMA Law is a trading name of BMA Law Limited (CRN: 9195241) a company incorporated in England and Wales with a registered office address at BMA House, Tavistock Square, London WC1H 9JP. BMA Law Limited is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 619810.
BMC conical filters for direct air intake can be installed on most types of engine by removing the original airbox. BMC direct induction conical filters are manufactured using a characteristic red rubber that allows the connection of the intake to be particularly resistant to both engine stress and heat without suffering from deformations caused by the high temperature. The special filtration mesh allows the production of filters with a power up to 700 HP without presenting problems of filter deformation.
Over the last few months our exposure to harmful for generic drugs has led to bombal questions about a research center. Fortunately for the poles you are online pharmacies selling medical hands can get. Sell ​​online medications that you can consider, you need to start now. Stocks large. For example, in some infectious diseases like ear drops, the treatment is used for the treatment of certain diseases. It works through bacterial rugosum to kill. Neurogenic bladder you have, can the doctor, we can fight treatments recommende. Definitely more long lists. Generic drugs, the United States claims the box, and its primary product and brand are effective. What is periactin (cyproheptadine) what can you say? Think about it as you are what periactin drugs. This substance contains cyproheptadine. You have cyproheptadine zacharisen instructions from your doctor about your dose. You&apos;re on Erektil chaos, you might know about Home. Erectile dysfunction Amphetamine, how difficult it is sometimes from a man for erection and treatment of drug addiction street. Erectile dysfunction can usually identify other serious errors. to create different objects of vulnerability can. Due to chronic disease, kertmenjyan some medications can also lead to ezine and Tianemen. Prescription drugs help but drugs that can not and side. Sometimes exchange on the medical drug, including that drugs in interaction with can. The guide shows all possible drug interactions are not standard. If you are allergic to if there are any vacancies, preparation for sale, or other common periactin, marycanady. Feeling some change in the libido conversation you marycanady dec submit their biometric data. This phenomenon has at the end of the use of ammunition unforeseen loss, Kareliya&apos;s medical treatment. But you are the only one for ammunition or other professional health periactin is good for you, make the decision. Last day, he through the use of Arahat online pharmacies, drugs of any kind, is a method of producing SAI. Health-on their own, sometimes Americans are required to buy drugs, you can not. Purchasing planning some of the media in the families, do you think? You through any email that is not guilty of a pharmacy of funds for sect music consider how, why. Today, on the internet, and you can get a lot of really above. Most commonly used to solve such diseases as arthritis, such as a substance prednisolon companies. This is a very little chloroform Embassy. Medication used for treatment is certain chakali TGN Vermox. They are only meant for cleaning that has parameters. decision making, certain medications can lead to unintended consequences, as it may be difficult. Today, many pharmacies offer their customers to periactin offers. You need to know about the key periactin what is information? The effectiveness of many periactin (cyproheptadine) I think the opposite is proven. Normally, an approach should be followed by the physician following the monitoring of cyproheptadine. In some remote ailu medications with the game with rope. During construction, as well as all that is defined as the inability of puberty is a reasonable one. Signs of genital diseases? marijuana, like some people in this addiction the rest under construction for strong and erectile dysfunction turn to temporary solutions to protect. In addition, there are multiple sclerosis, depression, loss or they may contain a mess. After we add this problem. Their influence, along with useful, many ways, independently, usually every person, unaware of the consequences, can lead to them as unnecessary. Before periactin patients by the doctor, and discussing to do? If you have any other means with health discuss with a professional. Health, provides ammunition you&apos;ve talked about to ensure health can be used. For more information you can provide, which helps pharmacies better. But, you only have one or the other substance of health, ensuring the correct periactin of you, it can be certain. storage at room temperature.For example, liquid preparations, usually in the refrigerator should be one, but can be stored at room temperature. Profits in a healthy life. But how can we help the medicine? online pharmacy market in different dosage water on sale in any online buying drug for ... next, kbbs are difficulties. Distribution sale generic Internet, and can be dangerous substances. Every year millions of nashatarian fill online online pharmacy. Some drugs, usually, infectious diseases and bacterial infectious diseases, such as "the ear to ASTM, are used to treat different types." Other medications for diabetes can be used to treat. Of course, the registry is very large. Studies show that a drug which indicates that harmful, they become more daily. How will cyproheptadine what other means? What is Mental health, especially about periactin and what? Millions of people around the world are ticking the cyproheptadine ammunition along with cyproheptadine substances that will help solve many diseases. Salam your funds with some of the famous games. Research Erectile Dysfunction One of their sexual organs and distribution among people said sex is also very important to health, is not good, it is undoubtedly important. About yourself under consent , the root of his words, anxiety, as well as certain drugs, reduced sex can become your first step of treatment), which is based on the occurrence occurring In fact, scientific observation, for example, anesthetize the recognition of half of men to their genital organs and experience. Tremendous understanding, even the faces of some medicines without prescription buy online. Their influence, along with useful, independent of most drugs, as a rule, not every person, even dangerous consequences, which can cause them to take them everyday. talk to your doctor, to reduce the risk of unwanted effects adverse periactin for primary others, do not use other medicines. As a result of dose change, sometimes the pharmacy can give you a great deal. You are qualified for health, matters of professional tools delivered for evaluation. With this information, estimated performance of funds you with company, the family ticket entitles you to possession of valuable achievements can be shared right to contribute money for the help of any research.
We can provide desired results with guaranteed correctness only to humans. Therefore, we need to verify that you are a human and not a computer. This website has been inundated with requests from remote servers instead of people, which caused a high load. By forcing this captcha on you, we can ensure that we offer you desired results.
A range of water-based acrylic colours developed especially for airbrush use and as such are ready-thinned.
The colours have been very carefully chosen to provide the model-painter with the references most frequently employed. The range of colours correspond to the RLM, RAL and FEDERAL STANDARD colours that are most commonly used.
Select manufacturer 3D-Kits Academy Accurate Miniatures ADH Publishing AeroMaster Afterburner Decals AFV Club AIMS Decals AirDecal Aires AIRfile Publications Airfix Airscale Airwaves AK Interactive Albion Alloys Alclad II Almark AML Amodel AMT Ark Models Avionix AZ Model Azur Badger BarracudaCals BarracudaCast Battalion Bits Begemot Decals Belcher Bits Black Box Bombshell Decals Bronco Models CAM Pro Decals Cammett Classic Airframes Coastal Kits Colorado Decals Creative Models Cyber-Hobby Czech Master Resin Czech Master's Kits Czech Model Dartmooor Military Models Deluxe Materials Diorama Clervaux Dragon Eagle Strike Decals EagleCals Decals EagleParts Eduard Eduard (Kits) Eduard Brassin Encore Models Evergreen Scale Models Experts Choice Fawcett Models & Patterns Fightertown Decals Fine Molds Fineline Flightpath Flying Leathernecks Fonderie Miniature Friulmodel Fujimi Great Wall Hobby Gunze Sangyo Hasegawa Heller HK Models Hobby Boss Hobbycraft Hot Wheels Huma Modell Humbrol ICM Italeri Iwata Kinetic Kitty Hawk Legend Productions Lifecolor Paints Lifelike Decals LightCraft LionRoar Mach 2 Maketar Paint Masks Master Box Master Model MasterCasters MAW-Decals MDC - Model Design Construction Meng Microscale MIG Productions Milliput MiniArt Minicraft Mission Models Model Alliance Model Master Paints Modelcraft Modeldecal Moebius Monogram MPM Osprey Pacific Coast Models Paragon Designs Pavla Models Pegasus Hobbies Plus Model Polar Lights Profimodeller ProModeller Quickboost Radu Brinzan Productions Relish Resins Revell Revell-Monogram Roden SAM Publications SIN Industries Skunkworks Sky Decals Sky Models Special Hobby Special Navy Spraycraft Squadron Squadron/Signal STUK Sun Star Superscale Swann-Morton Sword Takom Tally Ho Decals Tamiya Tarangus Tasca Techmod Testors The Pals Tom's Handy Tools Tristar True Details Trumpeter Two Bobs Decals Two Mikes Resin Ultracast Valiant Wings Publishing Vallejo Valom Verlinden Productions Vingtor Vintage Fighter Series Vulcan Scale Models Warpaint Wee Friends Wings Cockpit Figures X-ACTO Xtracrylix Xtradecal Xtrakit Yellowhammer ZAP Zotz Decals Zoukei-Mura Zvezda
A quick tutorial on how to load image planes, transpose, and a brief over view of the subtool, geometry, and polypaint menus.
Chacodog.com offers a carefully chosen collection of authentic handmade Native American turquoise jewelry from the American Southwest. We specialize in Navajo Traditional Revival jewelry set with fine cuts of natural, untreated turquoise and Santo Domingo Pueblo jewelry made from turquoise, shell and coral in the Rio Grande Valley of New Mexico.
The Traffic Police Station Puducherry has started functioning from 26-09-1967 consequent to the Govt. of Puducherry Notification No. 63-61/57 Dated 26-09-1967. The Jurisdiction of each zone, duties and responsibilities and the records to be maintained in the Police station were formulated vide Police Standing Order No. 18/89 Dt. 15-09-1989. At present The Traffic Police Station, Puducherry and the Office of the Superintendent of Police (Traffic) are functioning at door No. No.22, Jawaharlal Nehru Street, Puducherry at the Junction of Jawaharlal Nehru Street and H.M. Kasim Salai. It is flanked by Raj Nivas on Eastern Side, 500 meters away from the Station. Grand Bazaar Police Station and the main Markets are located 500 meters away on the Western side. The Traffic Police has the jurisdiction of the entire North and South Sub-Divisions expect Villianur PS. This Police station is manned by Two Inspectors, 4 Sub-Inspectors, 6 Head Constables, 68 Police Constables under the direct supervision of the Superintendent of Police (Traffic).
Traffic Policemen from Constable to Inspector will be in neat White Uniform with red lanyard and other prescribed items . Further, this Unit extended its hands on Road Engineering Works like erecting Sign Boards, Maintenance of Automatic Signals, Maintenance of Solar Traffic Booths, Road Markings, etc.
The entire Jurisdiction of Traffic Police station Puducherry is divided into Four Zones and each zone is under the control of one Sub-Inspector. Inspector Traffic / SHO is supervising all the four zones.
This zone will cover the entire stretch of N.H -45 –A, Villupuram Road up to Arumparthapuram Railway gate, Lal Bahadur Sastri Street up to Goubert Avenue (Beach Road) including Old and New Bus Stand, Cuddalore Road from Anthoniar Koil Junction to Murungapakkam and other areas of Mudaliarpet P.S, Reddiarpalayam P.S and Orleanpet P.S. jurisdictions.
This zone will cover entire Kamarajar Salai from Gorimedu to Pattanikadai junction, Anna Salai from Odiansalai to 45 Feet Road junction, Thiruvalluvar Salai, Vazhudavour Road upto Iyyankuttipalayam and other areas of D’Nagar P.S limits.
This zone will cover J. N. Street, Rangapillai Street, Ambalathadayar Madam Street, Sinna Subraya Pillai Street, Bharathi Street, M.G. Road from Petty Bazaar to Ajantha junction, Mission Street from Lal Bahadur Sastri Street to Sardhar Vallabai Patel Salai and other areas in Grand Bazaar PS limits.
This zone will cover Sardhar Vallabai Patel Salai, Ambour Salai and Gingee Salai, Goubert Avenue (Beach Road), Uppalam Road upto Cuddalore Road junction, M.G.Road from Ajantha junction to Puducherry Border, Karuvadikuppam, Lawspet Road and other areas of Odian Salai, Kalapet PS and and Muthialpet P.S. limits.
The Puducherry Urban limit has at present the following number of vehicles other than cycle rickshaws and the cycles. Besides we have a large number of buses, trucks, cars and other vehicles frequenting Puducherry from various places in Tamil Nadu and other neighboring states every day, as the Puducherry Region is a very good place for tourism, commercial and industrial activities.
For better regulation of traffic and prevention of Road Traffic Accidents, a TRAFFIC CONTROL ROOM is functioning smoothly in this Unit. In order to enhance its machinery, the Traffic Unit of Puducherry Police has taken steps to computerize the records of M.V. Act cases, so that conviction history can be prepared and used for more effective prosecution of habitual Traffic offenders. An officer who stops a vehicle on the road can get on-line information on wireless within few seconds from the Traffic Control Room of Traffic Unit as to whether the vehicle driver had been booked earlier for Traffic Offences. As per earlier records, appropriate action is taken on the offender without delay.
The Traffic Unit in liaison with the Transport Authorities has started collecting particulars of registration of vehicles for feeding the same to the computers for record at Traffic Police Station and the same also supplied to all units of Puducherry Police for effective enforcement. This computerized record of vehicles will be used to trace the vehicles involved in accidents, other traffic offences, stolen vehicles and abandoned vehicles.
Ø Speedy Action ie., During the course of a road accident or any offence with vehicle, police will be waiting in the residence of the Offender before the offender reaching his/her residence
Ø Through the M.V.Act cases bookings, present address of vehicle holders are being fed into the computers and this will be very useful in case of sold vehicles. These are very useful in other cases also.
Ø During online checking, Stolen Vehicles, Wrong Addressees, Wanted Vehicles, etc. can be identified easily.
Ø In case of Repeated Violators, this is very useful to register cases under section 20(1) M.V.Act for Cancellation / Suspension of Driving License.
Ø In case of Suspected Vehicles, the doubts will be cleared on the spot through wireless within few seconds. This saves man power, fuel, etc. and avoids unnecessary annoyance to the public.
Ø Engine Number / Chassis Number checking helps to identify the original owner of an abandoned vehicle or vehicle with bogus number plate.
Ø Some violators will give wrong address during M.V. Act cases booking. If summon / warning returned as un served. Then, the offender will get Enhanced punishment while booking for next time.
Road Traffic Accident Cases under sections 279, 337, 338 & 304(A) IPC, other offences under Motor Vehicles Act and cases under the Puducherry Police Act are being Registered, investigated and submitted in the Court by this Unit. Special Traffic Arrangements also being made during Festival seasons Republic Day celebrations, Independence Day celebrations, New Year Celebrations and at the time of visit of V.V.I.P.s & V.I.P.s Further, the Traffic Police carrying out traffic control at important junctions on every day. Simultaneously, the traffic police serving Summons and executing Warrants being issued by the Court in connection with traffic offences. It is also the duty of traffic police to enforce the rules and regulations being implemented by the Central / State Government from time to time . The traffic police ensures free flow of vehicular traffic in the streets of Puducherry Town with the help of related departments like PWD, Electricity, Transport Department, Municipality, etc.
Special Traffic Diversion arrangements were made successfully during the festivals of New Year Eve, Pongal, Independence day & Republic Day Celebrations.
Special drives are regularly conducted at various places to check emission of excessive smoke from the Petrol / Diesel vehicles.
Special drives were conducted at Beach Road and at various places with Speed Radar Gun to check the speed of vehicles.
Special drives were conducted at Beach Road, Anna Salai and various Places against drunken driving and booked cases against the drivers drove vehicles under the influence of alcohol.
In order to control Noise Pollution in Puducherry Region, Special Drives were also conducted to regulate the usage of AIR HORN in Puducherry Town Limit.
PA Systems were procured through the Police Chief Stores and fixed in the motor cycles and mobiles used for the purpose of Traffic Patrolling for the effective enforcement of Traffic Rules and Regulations in the Police Station limit.
Every year, during the second week of January, the Puducherry Traffic Police and Transport Department collectively celebrating the “Road Safety Week” as per the direction of Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, New Delhi. During this road safety week celebration, the following measures are being taken:-
Ø Creating Traffic Awareness among public through screening of films on Traffic Awareness at various public places.
Ø Distribution of Traffic Awareness axioms contained hand bills to public through school children at various public places.
Ø Creating Traffic Awareness among students by conducting essay competitions relating to Road Safety.
Ø Organizing Special Traffic drives at various places by the officials of Transport Department and Traffic Police.
Each and every year, the Puducherry Traffic Police imparts training to 150 students of 11 various schools of Puducherry Region about Traffic Rules & Regulations like Parking, No Parking, Use of Speed Breakers and Traffic Signs, provisions of M.V. Act. The functions of Traffic Police Station under “Children Traffic Corps” scheme for creating Traffic Awareness among young generation and in Road Safety measures. They were also trained about saluting, marching in threes and allowed to participate in the Independence Day & Republic Day Parades. At the end of the training, 6 students were selected as Best CTC Students through a written test. The selected Best CTC students are being honored in the Republic Day Parade by His Excellency the Lt. Governor of Puducherry.
Special Traffic Control training is being given to senior NCC Cadets. The services of these cadets being utilized during the festival time. Traffic awareness classes are being conducted by the Officers of Traffic PS at various Schools and NCC camps. Traffic awareness films are also screened to them.
Engineering Cell looks after the maintenance works of the traffic sign boards and markings on roads. One Crane is also attached with the Engineering Cell. The Crane is used to lift the vehicles parked on the No Parking Area, Vehicles Parked on the road obstructing free flow of traffic and vehicles got damaged in accidents.
The Engineering Cell cleans the Solar Traffic Booths and also checks all electrical connections, etc.,
The Engineering Cell is also doing the duty of maintaining the Electrical Automatic Signals located at
The Engineering Cell is having the following equipments to assist in the effective enforcement of Traffic Rules and Regulations.
As per the direction / wishes of Senior Officers, the Tableau of Puducherry Police was exhibited in the competition during the Republic Day celebration, under the direct supervision of the Supdt. of Police (Traffic), Puducherry. We have achieved by getting the CHIEF MINISTER’S ROLLING TROPHY AND BEST TABLEAU AWARD for the past Six years continuously.
To redress the grievances of public, Traffic Police & Public Co-operation Committee Meeting is being organized once in a month by the Puducherry Traffic Police regularly. High officials from PWD, Transport Department, Municipalities, LAD, Electricity, BSNL will also participating in this meeting and redressing public grievances.
Effective Road traffic control needs public co-operation. Traffic Wardens are enlisted to help and co-operate with Police Officials in traffic regulations and enforcement. Their duties would include assisting the police in conducting traffic education programmes among pedestrians, school children, drivers, etc. from time to time. At present, about 15 Traffic Wardens are working in the Puducherry Traffic Police.
SSP (L&O) shall appoint Traffic Wardens on the recommendation of the SP (Traffic). Before appointment of a Traffic Warden is made, their character and antecedents shall be verified by SP (Special Branch). While appointing Traffic Wardens, care should be exercised to enroll respectable citizens of good reputation only.
The Traffic Wardens would be appointed for a period of one year only. The renewal of the same would be the absolute discretion of SSP (L&O). Renewal would be made keeping in mind the performance of an individual and his being of further utility to the organization.
The Traffic Wardens will not exercise any statutory powers but would only assist the traffic police in enforcement of traffic rules and regulations. Any traffic violation noticed by a Traffic Warden shall be noted and passed on to SP (Traffic) /Inspector for necessary action.
Vehicles are increasing proportionately to increasing population. Since proper road facilities are not available for impressing traffic, congestion occurs and accidents are also occurs at an increasing rate.
Drivers incompetence is another important factor contributing to road accidents. Drivers are ignorant about the design of the vehicle, traffic rules, fuel saving and other details. Drivers should feel that it is an art to drive carefully. This includes, cars, lorries, Buses and other vehicles. To be “THE BEST DRIVER” it is not just experience and technical knowledge that counts but also knowledge of using the road, responsibility over public safety, concentration, patience and self-confidence.
To increase Traffic Awareness among the public and ensure the free flow of vehicular traffic, the following measures are being under taken by the Puducherry Traffic Police :
1. All mobiles and Motor Cycles of this Police station were fitted with P.A System. Traffic Awareness instruction and direction are being flashed thro this equipments on the spot to the public.
2. P.A System were installed at 5 important Junctions of Puducherry, through which the Traffic awareness jingles mixed with attractive cine songs are being broad-cast.
3. The mike fitted with these above P.A System are being used to give information to the road user at the spot by the duty personnel.
4. Traffic awareness film is being shown to school, Collages students during awareness class and to other road users whenever possible.
6. Press release were given during festival seasons and other circumstances thro Mass media to educate the general public.
7. Traffic awareness classes are being conducted to Govt. / Private school and also to all segments of drivers
For the welfare of Traffic Police Personnel, “Pollution Free Solar Green Traffic Booths” were procured and installed at the important polluted junctions of Puducherry through the sponsorship of some service minded peoples. While providing for the comfort of the policemen, technology aids have been made available to him to control the traffic.
The Pollution Free Solar Green Traffic Booths operates thro solar power were provided in the following junctions :
(A) The booth has an ionizer and air purifier which renders the air inside the booth pollution-free. A fan has been provided for effective circulation of the air inside the booth.
(B) The duty Police Constable has a comfortable chair to sit on and the manual switch control of the traffic signals have been installed inside the booth. During the heavy rush hours when automatic timing of the signals is not able to clear the traffic, the duty Police Constable has no longer to stand in the middle of the road in uncomfortable conditions breathing in the deadly fumes of vehicular emissions. He can observe traffic clearance on all sides from within the booth and accordingly change signals by using the switch provided to him.
(C) A PA system with a cordless mike is also provided and the policeman can give instruction for traffic control from the booth as well as while moving on the road.
(D) The booth comes with a walkie-talkie set which can be charged inside the booth itself. This can be used by the policemen to convey information about traffic jams, accidents, etc. as well as details of erring vehicles to officers and other traffic duty points and movement of VIPs.
(E) The booth has a siren which can be operated to stop traffic on all sides for VIP movements. A first aid box is also provided inside the booth. The booth is made of special material which is fire-resistant. The windows are covered with shatter-proof glass.
(F) This booths derives all its energy requirements from the sun through its solar panels and it therefore an excellence technology demonstrator for non-conventional sources of energy. In the new century man has to increasingly move towards more and more reliance on non-conventional sources and the Police Department is proud to have taken an early step in this direction.
(G) The Intention of the traffic Unit is to see that modernization and use of new technologies directly reach the traffic policeman actively working on the roads because it is here that these can be of maximum use to the community by ensuring better traffic management. In this context we wish to remind you that it was in pursuance of the same Traffic–Constable–Centered-Approach that recently head constables and constables were enabled to book traffic offences directly and this has led to a feeling of great empowerment among the traffic constabulary.
Periodical Medical Checkup was conducted for the Traffic Police Personnel at free of Cost at the General Hospital, Puducherry
In view of security to the traffic police personnel during the night hours, Micro Prism Reflective Jackets, Batons, etc. were procured and issued to Traffic Police Personnel. This Baton is useful during night hours. In the automatic signal areas even when the red light signal started glowing, vehicles are passing, violating the signal due to heavy rush. At that time, if this Baton (Personal Safety led torch) is used they could be stopped immediately. Micro Prism Reflective Jacket with lime green were supplied to Traffic personnel and same can be used by them during night hours. During night hours the presence of the Traffic Police Personnel on Automatic signal area could not be visible and if they wear reflective jacket they are visible to the road users.
The Puducherry Traffic Police introduced scientific technologies in Road Traffic Control by installing Automatic Traffic Signals at the important junctions of Puducherry. The Automatic Traffic Signals were installed and functioning properly at the following junctions,
Out of these Automatic Signals, the signal installed at the junction of Indira Gandhi Square is an advanced type of Automatic signal, which is an Arch Type Automatic Signal installed with Hoardings.
The Puducherry Traffic Police also installed at 46 Automatic Flasher Lights at the un-manned junctions of Puducherry as a caution to the road users.
A total number of 20 Count Down Timers were installed through M/s. Bharath Electronics Limited, (A Govt. of India Enterprises, Ministry of Defense), Bangalore in the existing Automatic Traffic Signals at the Following important junctions of Puducherry.
It is ascertained that the Count Down Timers are very useful in traffic control as they are displaying the total seconds remains for the road users to move their vehicles beyond the stop lines. They reduces the mental agony of the road users waiting for traffic signal and helps them to relax during these seconds. Apart from this, the Count Down Timers controls Pollution level at busy traffic junctions and saves fuel of vehicles waiting for traffic signal. General public and road users are whole heartedly welcomes this installations.
In the Puducherry Region itself, there has been many times increase in the volume of traffic over the past decade. Besides we have a large number of buses, trucks, cars and other vehicles crossing / approaching Puducherry from various places of Tamil Nadu and other neighboring states every day. The opening of East Coast Road have increased the motorized vehicular traffic at Puducherry region. Especially, the Kokkupark junction is highly congested with the movement of vehicles. In order to reduce the traffic congestion, to avert road traffic accidents and to ensure free flow of vehicular traffic, the Puducherry Traffic Police has installed a SOLAR POWERED AUTOMATIC TRAFFIC SIGNAL WITH DIGITAL TIMER AND PEDESTRIAN CROSS at East Coast Road, Kokkupark junction at an amount of Rs. 9.60 Lakhs.
This Traffic Signal drives all its energy requirements from the solar through solar panels. The Puducherry Police Department is proud to have taken steps in the direction of utilizing non-conventional sources of energy for public safety. The Solar Powered Automatic Traffic Signals having the following features :
The rate of increase in the number of vehicles on roads of Puducherry and of change to bigger vehicles is just phenomenal. One, Puducherry is a relatively prosperous area and two; it keeps attracting more and more daily shoppers and other visitors. In view of reducing accident rate in Puducherry region, the Puducherry Police has installed Solar Powered Automatic Yellow Blinker Lamps at the following 40 unmanned heavy traffic junctions:-
The Solar Powered Automatic Traffic Signals are having Maintenance free LED Lamps, Energy Efficiency, Uninterrupted Operation during power cuts, Electrical Safety and Energy Costs will be saved, Functions with Non-hazardous low voltage (24 V DC).
More than 3 ½ Lakhs motor vehicles were registered in Puducherry Region so far. Besides we have a large number of buses, trucks, cars and other vehicles frequenting Puducherry from various places of Tamil Nadu and other neighboring states every day. The Opening of East Coast Road have also increased the motorized vehicular traffic at Puducherry region. In order to ensure free flow of vehicular traffic and to provide immediate medical assistance to the road accident victims on National Highways & other roads of Puducherry, the Ministry of Road Transport & Highways, Government of India sponsored an amount of Rs.25 Lakhs for the purchase of one Heavy Load Hydraulic Crane and one Ambulance to the Government of Puducherry.
In connection with this, one Tempo Traveler Ambulance and one 10 Ton Capacity Hydraulic Crane from M/s. Escorts Construction Equipments Ltd., Faridabad were purchased and issued to the Puducherry Traffic Police. Any one on witnessing ROAD ACCIDENTS or relatives of the victims of road accidents can contact the Traffic Police over the telephone numbers 2336087, 2224144, 2336701 for providing immediate medical assistance to the victims of road accidents and for removing the vehicles involved in accidents / breakdown.
In view of the increase in the traffic congestion, the Puducherry Traffic Police has taken up several initiatives including :
Ø In addition to the existing, One way system were introduced on experimental basis at Easwaran Koil Street, Muthumariamman Koil Street and Lawspet road( from Kokkupark to Pakkumudayanpet junction)
Ø Introduced both the side parking at Mahatma Gandhi Road which is appreciated by the road commuters.
Ø Parking slots were provided to the general public and assembly staffs on the covered portion of the grand canal behind Assembly Secretariat on trial basis.
Ø Public-Addressing system was installed at the junctions of Pattanikadai, Odiansalai, Rajiv Gandhi square and New bus- Stand through which the road discipline instructions are being announced with charming cine song bits through recorded audio cassette. The Police Personnel on duty are also instructing the General Public through the Mike, fitted with P.A system.
Ø The School timings were staggered with the co-operation of the Education Department in all schools, located in the limits.
Ø Embussing the debussing of School students inside the School premises was introduced at Petit Seminar and Immaculate Schools, Uppalam, Puducherry and thus reduced congestion at the main road.
Ø First-Aid Training was imparted to Auto-Drivers of Puducherry in three batches, in association with the Rotary Club of Puducherry, during which, a service profile Vallet for Auto- Drivers were also issued to such trained Drivers.
Ø Police Tableau, e in the theme of “PEACEFULL PUDUCHERRY was exhibited during the Republic day Celebrations, 2008, which was selected as the best Tableau-2008 and won the CHIEF MINISTER’S ROLLING TROPHY AND BEST TABLEAU AWARD for the seventh year continuously.
Ø Upon our request, the entire MG road was widened by PWD and parking on both the sides were regulated. Also, the parking on the Kosakadai Street and JN street was streamlined by providing Car Parking lots.
Ø Upon our effort, Dr. Ambetkar Salai at Uppalam and Ajantha bridge were widened by PWD, thereby proper parking were provided.
Ø Special drives against drunken driving, Over speeding , use of air horn, using Cell Phones while riding / Driving, over -smoke emission and other traffic violations were organised at important junctions of Puducherry periodically.
Ø Foot patrolling with the Municipal officials were organised at important thoroughfares during which, the encroachments on the road-side and the foot-paths were regulated.
Ø Many traffic awareness rallies were organised with the help of NCC cadets, NSS voluntaries and school students.
CAR is an artist-curated directory of professional advice and development, resource links and community-driven opportunities. Use the artistic disciplines at top to filter site content.
Creative Minds Talks presents “The Art of Storytelling,” featuring Common and Serena Williams onstage and in conversation at the Lyric Opera House of Chicago on Monday, October 29, 2018. Doors open at 6 p.m. and the presentation begins at 7 p.m. Common, an academy-award winning artist, actor and activist, and Serena Williams, entrepreneur, philanthropist and winner of a record-setting 23 Grand Slam titles, will discuss philanthropy, activism and entrepreneurship. Tickets for the Creative Minds Talks featuring Common and Serena Williams are now available ranging from $45 to $85. Group discounts are available. Tickets can be purchased at ticketmaster.com or by calling Ticketmaster at 800-745-3000, and through creativemindstalks.com.
My name is Amanda Cummings and I am the owner of Pets Playhouse. I started this business because I am a animal lover; I particularly love dogs. I have a lot of experience with dogs. Growing up, my family always had at least one pet and now as an adult, I own 2 of my own dogs. I have had the pleasure of sharing my home with dogs, cats, birds, fish, a chinchilla, guinea pigs, and frogs, so I have experience with many different types of pets.
I started Pets Playhouse in 2014 and operate it out of my home located in El Cajon, CA. I do not use kennels or crates, unless requested. Your fur babies will have the luxury of roaming freely as they would in their own home. This is a helpful solution to alleviate stress-related separation anxiety many animals experience while their loved ones are away.
The office environment along with the furniture because office play a crucial function in the productivity of this office. It also has a huge impact on the well-being in the office workers that can furthermore have a big influence on productivity.
People should be given the right tools if they are to get anticipated to perform a job well as well as in a business office environment, the different furniture pieces are some in the tools.
So, you, the boss, might imagine that you will be spending less when you purchase cheap or second-handLarge Wood Coffee Table and chairs, but that decision might cost you in lost productivity for the following ten or fifteen years. However, it's not only efficiency that you might be losing, your furniture choices is also affecting the health of your employees causing them to experience pains and aches as well as take sick leave. In the worst cases, you could possibly be also come to court.
If you choose to work for yourself, say, at home, this can be equally or even more important, because if you are the merely one with your company and when you get sick, your firm stops trading, which could have an influence on your kids' schooling, your mortgage, your automobile payments as well as your future credit worthiness, if you don't have adequate insurance.
It is important to establish the best working environment correct in the outset. If you were a carpenter, you wouldn't buy a rusty, secondhand saw and you wouldn't buy yourself a vintage 386 computer to function at, so why wouldn't you apply the identical principles to the office furniture? Office furniture is less expensive than the usual new computer and will last at least thrice longer.
So, which items of furniture will you require to equip a powerful office? Well, it's always best to begin with the chairs and progress up, if the floor is even and not slippery or wet. For the sake of ease we'll just speak about you since the one employee while using office.
Whilst you take a seat on the chair, you need to be in a position to put feet flat on the floor high ought to get a back support. You can go deeper into it, but they're the minimum requirements. This is why many office chairs are adapLarge Wood Coffee Table, since they have to get in a position to suit a range of individuals.
Then the table: it must clear your knees by at least six inches, however, not be so high that you can not rest your elbows onto it without slouching. This will encourage good posture, that can minimize the danger of backache or wrist pain. The desk or table ought to get large enough to carry all the goods that you need to function on or with.
Therefore, you need to take into account the footprints of the desktop's keyboard and monitor. Maybe add space to get a laptop for file-sharing, a paper notebook, a reference book, pen holder, mobile or other telephone, a coffee mug and other things that you utilize to complete your work. The desk should not look permanently cluttered up, if you live a cluttered person.
It may be beneficial to have a desk with drawers to carry goods that you utilize regularly. Some desks have a small filing cabinet at one end along with a group of drawers at the other. This is handy and will save space in a tiny, office at home. Even if you get one of these desks, you'll probably decide a full-sized filing cabinet anyway. That depends on what much paperwork your company generates. A full height cabinet means less bending and also you can put the coffee percolator onto it.
Then you will need shelving. be sure that the shelving is found at the height that's comfortable for that individual who make use of it most regularly knowning that there is an adequate amount of for predicted future use. Once you have your nice new office set up and packed with lovely new equipment, you do not want to always begin drilling holes in the brickwork.
Which brings me to power points. Make certain that you have a lot of them. Have them all over the room. I like to have a double socket in order to the left and in order to the right of my desk just above desktop height too - very handy for plugging the laptop into or the phone, or a lamp or a camera, if you require one.
Looking for Celebration High School alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more CHS alumni have posted their profiles.
Check out all of the names of the Celebration High School alumni that attended high school in Celebration that are listed above. Registering will allow you to join the directory.	If you are a Celebration alumn, we encourage you to register and be sure to sign up for the alumni newsletter.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Celebration High School	of Celebration, Florida
Notes: figure out the counting yourself, i'm too lazy to make all the dashes work in terms of indicating time...  and if its not absolutely perfect, just remember, neither are you! ;) Corrections, of course, are very welcome.
STEFAN LESSARD IS A DAMN GOOD PLAYER.  DMB IS A DAMN GOOD BAND.  Result?  There's a lot of little fills and a whole lot of improvin' that goes on, and it'd be impossible to copy down absolutely every nuance of the song every way he's ever played it.  Use
okay, lets us all start out with that little opening call-and-response jam with dave that I'd love to skip, but oh so many people wanna know...  Here's some basic pointers, but really you should just have fun and come up with a jam that fits yer own bad s
Okay, at the end of when Dave sings the chorus "Take these chances..." over the VERSE figure, this is what you do... (SEE FOOTNOTE 1)
Then we go back to the verse... and finally come to a full chorus: (take these chances...) (hold most of these notes, let them sing) (SEE FOOTNOTE 2)
then, the chorus, back to the verse figure for the sax solo, then the run-up to the violin solo: (SEE FOOTNOTE 3)
Okay, then you play the part that went under "When all the little ants are marching," (there are some small differences) until you get to the Am part...
1. that's the way I play the run-up, but i've got a warwick corvette, which makes that really easy. sliding on the third of each triple might be easier than hammering on, as might be spreading it out over the D and G.  I've got a warwick, which makes it s
2. again with the roll-down, you may want to split it between several strings if its easier for you... sounds really cool if you do it all down on the E...
3. its fun to throw in some slides and a few additional notes one step down from these before 'em like stefan does sometimes
This is the full text of the conference paper that I wrote for the session on ‘Sensing Rome’ at the Roman Archaeology Conference in Rome, 19 March 2016.
There is no doubt that sensory perceptions are fundamental to our understanding of urban landscapes – present and historical – and, as the other papers have already made clear, movement is a central component of the urban sensory experience. If we want to understand what Roman urban landscapes ‘were like’, the smells, sounds, sights and feels that one could encounter whilst moving through the city cannot be left out of the picture, nor – it has to be added –is their position in the daily or seasonal rhythm, or indeed their place in town: the sensory encounters in the outskirts of town may be fundamentally different from those of the city centre, and the summer experience may be dramatically different from the winter experience – not only in terms of perceptions to be encountered, but also in the sheer number of encounters, because of varying patterns in movement. It is also true that sensory experiences matter to people in motion: encountered unexpectedly, they may contribute to spontaneous, in-motion decision-making, such as the maybe often half-conscious decision to look where the sound or smell perceived is actually coming from, or the much more conscious decision to halt. Alternatively, people, on their way from a random point A to a random point B, may adapt their journey because of expected sensory encounters—those that are to be avoided, or, perhaps more often those that are to be sought after.
This paper discusses sensory experiences related to commerce, focusing particularly on the urban landscape of Pompeii, where the evidence for retail and manufacturing is most explicit. Commercial processes have of course the potential to contribute all kinds of sights, smells and sounds to urban sensescapes, particularly when activities take place in locations with close links to public space, and even more so if that public space attracted a lot of people in motion because it was central to the urban movement network, or because it was close to a highly frequented destination. Depending on its position in the urban landscape, commerce may have a larger or a smaller impact on the urban sensory experience, though it is of course essential to distinguish between the hours of the day in which commerce took place, and those hours in which it generally did not. Obviously, this paper will be mostly preoccupied with the commercially most viable hours of the day, but it should be noted that the sensory impact of commerce may extend beyond these: closed shops can make a visual impact, too, and while inactivity suggests a certain degree of silence, some of the smells may hang around for quite some time after the working day is over, particularly when not all of the waste has been cleaned up—if there is literary evidence suggesting shop holders could leave empty amphorae in front of their shop on the street, they may have left other stuff as well.
It may be good to start with highlighting some key basic properties of urban space in Roman Italy, and of the way commerce has been embedded in it. First, it is important to emphasize the fundamental openness of urban space in Roman Italy, particularly when it comes to anything related to commerce and retail. Streets in cities like Pompeii and Ostia were surrounded by tabernae that were characterized by a wide opening that fostered interaction between the street and the inside. Tabernae could host all thinkable forms of retail, and a great deal of small-scale crafts too. The evidence from Pompeii leaves no doubt that they also did so: all major workshop types that are known at Pompeii, with the exception of tanneries, are attested in tabernae. Cities elsewhere in Roman Italy, as far as we know them, tend to present a similar picture: long rows of tabernae surrounded the main streets in the city centre.
However, it is relevant to emphasize that this picture is by no means the norm in the ancient Mediterranean. Greek cities, especially before the Hellenistic period, had few taberna-like facilities: the ‘shops’ that have been identified at sites like Olynthos and Priene were very few in number, but more importantly, they were very small and only had a rather narrow opening of the size of a normal door. The size and the lack of light makes it less likely that a lot of work was being done on their inside, and in any case made its sensory impact on people in motion incomparably lower. Even at Delos, which developed perhaps the most strongly commercialized landscape of the Hellenistic world that we know of, shops interact with the street in a way that is not comparable to what you see at Pompeii. In most parts of the Roman empire, tabernae never became as dominant as they were in Roman Italy, and few of the forms of investment in tabernae that can be identified at Pompeii, Ostia and Rome are also attested in, for instance, Roman Africa, Spain or Gaul. One logical explanation for this is that in places like Ostia and Pompeii, which were right in the wealthy heart of the empire, imperial power brought imperial wealth, and created a level of urban consumer demand that elsewhere was much lower. In Pompeii, there also is a clear chronological correlation between the emergence of Rome as a pan-Mediterranean power in the second century BC, and the commercialization of the urban landscape. In a way, the sensory impact of commerce on urban landscapes was a fruit of the empire, and of the prosperity that Rome’s political power brought to Italian urban communities.
Yet, this is not the whole story: there is a cultural component to the proliferation of tabernae as well, and I would argue—contrary to the tendencies of some past scholarship and despite the dismissive comments by some Roman authors who are not all called Cicero—that Roman culture, at least in practice, was mostly liberal towards commerce, especially if you compare it with some other historical periods. This is true on the microscale as well as on the macroscale. On the macroscale it should be noted that, even though Roman governments were actively involved in building commercial facilities, and thus played a key role in shaping Roman commercial landscapes, they never appear to have done so in a very prohibitive way—contrary to, e.g. the imperial cities of ancient China, which had designated areas for commercial activity, or the cities of the medieval Islamic world, where a lot of commercial activity ended up concentrated in Bazaars and Souqs. In Roman Italy, anyone who wished to could build shops or workshops, basically, wherever he or she wanted, with the result that many people did this: at Pompeii, all classes of urban house-owners were involved in retail and manufacturing. This led to rather organically grown commercial landscapes that clustered around the busier roads of the city and were as dense and vast as local consumer demand could carry. It is probably anachronistic to claim that Roman commercial landscapes were mostly created ‘by the market’, but there certainly appears to be a clear economic logic to their shape. At the same time, as I have argued several times in the past, there is very little evidence suggesting that, on the micro-scale, production processes as a rule were consciously isolated from the public urban environment: in retail and manufacturing, you could do whatever you wanted, wherever you wanted, with very few exceptions.
Yet that Romans had a mostly liberal approach to the sensory impact of crafts and retail does not mean that the resulting sensory landscape was not in some way or another spatially articulated. In what follows I will use the commercial landscape of Pompeii to discuss how things worked out in practice. I will particularly focus on two forms of impact that are to some extent visible in the archaeological record: heat and smell. Noise, of course, is also relevant, but it is much harder to find indications of places where, for instance, a lot of hammering took place. The visual impact of most tabernae is impossible to reconstruct as many were found devoid of any indication as to their use. Arguably, while in many cases the walls were lightly coloured, the inner parts of tabernae would not easily have visual focus, as the relative lack of light compared to the street or the portico in front of them obscured what happened inside except for those actively looking. This is a bit easier with heat and smell, though it is almost impossible to build up a complete picture as there are too many unknowns.
There is a number of processes of retail and manufacturing that spread heat or smell. First and foremost, there is the retail of hot food, which, as Steven Ellis and others have argued, can be identified in the archaeological record through the taberna counters including the remains of a heating facility. Evidence for hot food retail has been found in great numbers, with more than 120 examples securely identifiable: about one eighth of Pompeian tabernae seems to have sold hot food. In our most positive population scenario for Pompeii this comes down to one known food retail outlet for every 100 people. Probably, they did not all do precisely the same thing, but they all had the heating installation which is extremely likely to have produced smells.
If you plot the 127 tabernae with cooking installations in the catalogue of Ellis on a map, it also is clear that they are rather evenly spread over Pompeii’s urban topography, with several minor concentrations in the environment of large public complexes, but no truly specialized food districts. As a consequence, the smell of fresh food being prepared would have been a characteristic element of the entire Pompeian urban landscape—wherever you went, chances were high that you would encounter one or more of these food shops on your way. Particularly, it should be noted that food shops were also well-represented in regions with otherwise little or no commercial activity, such as in region 1 south of the Via dell’Abbondanza, where almost all shops were involved in hot food retail, and up in region six, where there is a similar picture. Indeed, along the more densely commercialized through-roads, the proportion of tabernae serving hot food is relatively low, especially in the city centre. Nevertheless, during business hours, the smell of hot food would have been almost inevitable at Pompeii.
Besides food retail, there also is a number of recognizable workshops that used heating installations or potentially smelly chemicals. One of these, of course, is the fullonica, though I have argued at several places that the smell of fulling has been overestimated in the past. In any case, fulling was freely exposed to the urban environment, and there is nowhere evidence for measures aimed at reducing smell. Dyeing workshops, comparatively, have a much clearer environmental impact because of their use of heated cauldrons; though the shape of the cauldrons suggests that they could in fact be covered, they produced heat and smoke. It is unclear what was cooked in the bowl-shaped furnaces of the lanifricariae, but even if it was just raw wool (which I doubt), the process could have made considerable impact on passers-by in places where the workshop had a direct connection to the street. Finally, there are the forty-odd bakeries which produced heat, smoke and the smell of freshly baked bread, though in practice, it often was mixed by the smell of the animals operating the mills.
About half of the workshops of these four types had a direct connection with the street in a way that theoretically made it possible for people to smell what was going on. If we plot these workshops on a map, it is immediately clear that they are much less broadly spread over the urban topography than the tabernae selling hot food. They are more or less concentrated in the zone north and east of the forum, and there were few publicly visible workshops in the east of the city. Yet more than the macro-picture, it is the micro-picture that matters: work rooms, unless they were situated in a taberna, generally opened on streets that played a more marginal role in the urban street system. For instance, the entrances to the work rooms of the lanifricariae in the heart of region VII were all concentrated on the marginal Vicolo del Balcone Pensile and Vicolo della Maschera rather than on the much more densely commercialized Vicolo di Eumachia. Thus, while in principle the greatest variation in sensory stimuli was to be found in the zone around the monumental city center, the major through-roads were mostly free from smells and heat caused by artisanal activity. This holds true for Via della Fortuna, the east stretch of Via dell’Abbondanza, Via degli Augustali and via del Foro, as well as for the central stretch of Via Stabiana.
Pompeii – map of the city highlighting the tabernae and the workshops with a direct connection to the street. Red: bakeries. Purple: lanifricariae. Blue: fullonicae. Yellow: dyeing workshops.
If we combine the workshops and the tabernae selling hot food onto one map, the overall picture is that the most densely commercialized roads have relatively low amounts of establishments producing smells and heat, even though hot food retail is slightly more common on the central thoroughfares than manufacturing. The question is how this is to be understood.
Pompeii – map of the city highlighting the tabernae and the workshops with a direct connection to the street. Green: hot food outlets. Red: bakeries. Purple: lanifricariae. Blue: fullonicae. Yellow: dyeing workshops.
The absence of crafts and food retail has, of course, been noted for west stretch of Via dell’Abbondanza by Wallace Hadrill who suggested, two decades ago, that there was a ban on certain banausic types of commerce along this road because of its role as a processional way. Yet there is room for a different argument, if one starts with the observation that the situation in Via degli Augustali, Via del Foro, large parts of Via della Fortuna, and indeed in Via Stabiana too, is not fundamentally different, though there are just enough tabernae serving hot food making government policy an unlikely explanation. This suggests that it was not top-down policy that shaped this landscape, but bottom-up strategy: people along these roads simply decided to use their tabernae for other purposes than selling hot food.
The question is why they did so. Actually, the most straightforward clue for an answer comes from the buildings themselves. It is striking that, just three or four of the more than eighty tabernae associated with major public buildings—the baths, the macellum—contained a workshop or a facility to prepare hot food. The picture with the tabernae associated with the largest houses of the city is essentially similar. Indeed, while the largest houses of Pompeii included a disproportional number of the city’s tabernae, a disproportional number of hot food shops was associated with tabernae related to smaller houses. The large majority of the tabernae with facilities for food preparation along the Via della Fortuna and the Via Stabiana belong to buildings that, on the grounds of their dimensions, belong to the bottom half of Pompeii’s urban hierarchy. Hence, the retail of hot food is concentrated in places where there are many small buildings, such as in insula VII 3, and in insula IX 1.
Economically, this also makes sense: while selling food may make it possible to make ends meet, it is not awfully lucrative, and especially in the city centre, other forms of retail were more attractive for those who had to decide about the fate of a taberna. In other words: not cultural preferences or norms dictated the shape of Pompeii’s commercial topography, but a differentiation of investment patterns between the economically more and less powerful, and, one has to add, the dimensions of the plots laid out when insulae were first built up, several centuries BCE. By coincidence, this led to a relative marginalization of hot food facilities, which therefore cluster around the fringes of the city centre, in places where competition with more lucrative forms of commerce was less tense, and to zones with many small houses.
To conclude, it has been argued, recently, that Roman cities had a ‘taberna economy’, and while I have my doubts as to whether this is an accurate term to capture the complexities of urban economies throughout the Roman world, the spatial impact of tabernae on urban landscapes in Roman Italy is undeniable. What we see in Pompeii is very much an ‘in your face economy’, and this is likely to have been echoed throughout Roman Italy. By consequence, moving through the cities of Roman Italy meant moving through an urban world that was heavily commercialized, and where all kinds of activities could be going on at a short distance of each other. At the right hours of the day, few things potentially were as central to the sensory experience of people in motion as what was going on in the tabernae, especially because, for practical reasons, tabernae could only function when their main door opening was open—otherwise, the room would be too dark. This was different for workshops, but street entrances to work rooms were, as we have just seen, generally concentrated in less busy streets anyway. Yet I have tried to argue that, at least in the one place where we can actually do more than just map tabernae, there was a logic to the chaos, and one that may have resulted in a relatively less smelly and noisy character of the main commercial areas—for economic reasons. This does not mean that there was no variation, rather that the most important sense as far as commerce was concerned may often have been sight. This does have implications.
For many of the pedestrians in the streets of Pompeii, the sequence of shops would be familiar—they walked their walks, knew their daily environment, and most of the time may simply have taken the visual landscape for granted because it was too familiar, or because the weather of the day had a stronger impact on their experience than the usual people doing their usual things in their usual place. For those who were moving through less well-known territory, the nature of the experience would often be instantly understandable, and many of the scenes they saw would have been recognizable. Moreover, the natural sensory focus of people in motion is not undirected, and therefore is limited: people are navigating, and have to look in front of them to see where they are going, and which obstacles they may encounter on their way, which generally would have meant that they were not looking towards the inside of tabernae, as this picture makes clear—often, people may have needed a trigger that would make them take a look. In a way thus, commercial live, however visible it was potentially, in practice often may have remained rather on the background, unless people were actively looking for something.
Previous PostDirty Romans and their parasitesNext PostA map of urban culture in the Roman world (I)
Debate scores, facet scores and tag scores are automatically calculated by an algorithm that primarily takes argument scores under consideration.
Arranging for your 7 days in advance? Don't skip out on an afternoon of trying out Singapore's most promising startups →
Check out lapakqq.cc We gathered all of metadata record information for Lapakqq.cc. Lapakqq has a weak description which rather negatively influences the performance of search engines like google index and hence worsens positions of the area.
The global and nation site visitors ranks clearly show how popular a site is relative to other web pages. Learn more about Alexa's Knowledge
Are you looking for a dedicated scanning solution with great quality, versatility and a compact design? Then the Brother 13620 is sure to impress. The Brother 13620 features the quality, speed and ease of use you need with a maximum resolution of 2400 x 4800 (Optical) dpi1 for excellent scanning quality for both photos and documents. You’ll immediately notice how easy the Brother 13620 is to use. Auto Document Fix automatically delivers beautiful, easy-to-view scans by advanced image analysis and area-by-area data correction while the Auto Scan Mode feature automatically detects the original and saves its appropriate settings. Need to share information? The Brother 13620 has Four EZ Buttons that enable you to scan, copy, email or create a PDF faster than ever. Speaking of speed, the Brother 13620 delivers a letter size color scan in approximately 16 seconds2! You’ll also be able to proudly join the Generation Green initiative as its one USB Cable for data and power provides lower power consumption.
Story: Director Michael Apted's ground-breaking documentary series, begun in 1964, follows the lives of 14 seven-year-old children, returning every seven years to chart their progress. Initially viewed as an interesting social experiment to discover whether children's lives are predetermined by their backgrounds, the programme developed into something broader and deeper. In this seventh edition, twelve of the children, Tony, Bruce, Sue, Jackie, Suzy, Paul, Simon, Nick, Andrew, John, Lynn, and Neil have reached middle-age and, after all the ups and downs that life has thrown at them, seem to be content with the way their lives have turned out thus far.
DVD Information: Copyright ©2018 Bibliographic Data Services Ltd trading as West 10. For personal non-commercial use only. All rights reserved.
Here you will be able to find all today’s New York Times Crossword August 7 2018 Answers. You have come to the right place because DailyAnswers.net is specialized in solving every single day different puzzles, crosswords and other entertaining trivia games. The reason why you are here is because you are looking for help regarding …
Filed under New York Times	| Tagged ___ Productions Oprah Winfrey enterprise, ___ Stark 'Game of Thrones' protagonist, ___ Technica website with gadget news, '___ a beautiful day in the neighborhood': Mr. Rogers, 'Holy Toledo!', 'Mr. Robot' network, 'Muy ___!', 'Raiders of the Lost Ark' menaces, 'Victory is mine!', A&E in D.C.?, Barely gets (by), Beast of burden, Bring to a standstill say, Brought to a conclusion, Bump into, Car-pool lane designation, Cities informally, Clear (of), Collaborative online site, Darjeeling for one, Director Kurosawa, Director Lee, Dollars and cents, faker, Fixtures in Pillsbury facilities, Former Yank with 25 career grand slams, Fruit roll-ups?, General Bradley W.W. II commander, General idea, Genre for DJ Khaled, Geographer's reference, Georgia of 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show', Glass of public radio, Goes on and on about nothing, Holding hands or kissing on the street in brief, Home of the Prado Museum, Hot sandwich, How a dying machine goes, Internet address, Job at a circus, Kind of knife, Lends a hand, Louisiana Purchase region from 1838 to 1846, Lowest point, Makeup of Saturn's rings mostly, Manning manning the Giants' backfield, Mature, Middle-earth area under the Misty Mountains, Morning riser, Music players of the 2000s, Navigated against as the current, New York Times Crossword August 7 2018 Answers, Not deserved, One walking down the aisle, Onetime Mets manager Hodges, Path of the moon through the sky, Philosopher Descartes, Pi follower, Preceder of 'two three four', Prelude to a kiss, Roman emperor of A.D. 69, Runner with wings, Samovar, Savory taste of MSG, Scuba tankful, Seize as formerly held land, Smile from ear to ear, Snake charmer's snake, Spring greeting, Sri Lanka's nearest neighbor, Still red in the middle, TV host ___ Lee Gifford, Union representative, Victorian ___, Vigoda of old TV and movies, Volcanic debris, What's found hidden inside 16- 23- 47- and 59-Across, Window shade?, Word before fire or transit
Here is the answer for: General idea crossword clue. This crossword clue was last seen on New York Times Crossword August 7 2018 Answers. In case something is wrong or missing you are kindly requested to leave a message below and one of our staff members will be more than happy to help you out. …
The PEAK Performance Project is a program created to launch the careers of some of British Columbia and Alberta’s most talented up-and-coming musicians. The BC edition was originally launched in 2009 with the support of 102.7 FM The PEAK (Canada’s first AAA format station) and now, after seven life-changing years, is in its final run.
PEAK provides an immersive platform that educates, promotes, and develops the industry savvy of the artists while giving them a crash course in marketing, songwriting, and live performance. One of the highlights (and perhaps one of the most intense parts) of the project includes the week-long PEAK Performance Project Bootcamp, which took place this year at RockRidge Canyon Resort in Princeton, B.C.
The top 12 finalists from Alberta and B.C. joined forces to participate in workshops, seminars, and training, along with collaborations on original songs under the theme “Hello, Goodbye” which will be released in October.
The next (and very important) stage of the project is the four-week PEAK Performance Project Showcase Series. Starting on September 24, three of the Top 12 artists will perform live each week at Fortune Sound Club in a bid for the grande prize of $102,700. Second place will receive $75,000, and third place will receive $50,000. Each of the finalists receive $5000 to contribute to their career development. Tickets for the showcase series are available online. Take a look at the schedule below and make sure to come out to support your favourites!
Carolina was modelling for 5 years prior to taking a break to give birth to her now thirteen month old daughter.
She still has a passion for the art and despite no plans to commit 100% of her time back into the industry, she still finds time to do something she really enjoys.
It gives her an opportunity to get in touch with her creative side and take a well deserved break from mommy duty. She is a true testament to having no excuses in life, and displays the motivation she wants to pass along to her daughter as she grows up. Here’s a toast to all the beautiful mothers out there, both inside and out! Welcome back, Carolina!
This 30-year-old Canadian, born in Taiwan and raised in the Metro Vancouver region, is actually godly with his chiseled jaw, complexion and towering 6’4″ height.
Although he is relatively unknown in the North American market, Godfrey Gao is a household name in Asia where he has recently sealed lucrative modelling contracts and starred in a number of Chinese and Taiwanese television shows.
Gao is the first Asian model for Louis Vuitton, a contract that earned him the title of the ‘world’s first Asian supermodel.’ He has appeared on numerous fashion magazine covers, including GQ China, and in 2013 he had his Hollywood film breakthrough with the role of Magnus Bane in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones.
More recently, he signed a deal to become the Canadian Tourism Commission’s (CTC) new ambassador for its marketing and awareness campaign within the Chinese market.
In 2015, Gao will be the host of the CTC-China channel, an online biweekly program covering travel in Canada and related lifestyle topics. Since its launch in 2012, the channel has recorded over 22 million Chinese viewers.
Working with the CTC, Gao’s first film projects will be on urban adventures in Vancouver, Whistler, Richmond and Toronto, before moving on to explore the nation’s outdoor winter activities such as skiing in British Columbia.
Earlier this week, Gao was already spotted filming ‘on set’ at Tojo’s Restaurant, on West Broadway in Vancouver, learning about the art of sushi from Chef Tojo himself.
CTC-China TV is part of the long-term strategy of the Canadian tourism bureau given the explosive growth in international tourism from Mainland China. In 2014, the number of visitors from China surged to nearly 450,000 and there was a 25.8 per cent increase in Metro Vancouver, one of the key markets for Asian tourism in Canada.
In a 2011 interview with Vancity Buzz, Gao said he still considers Vancouver his home having lived in the North Shore for most of his life. At the age of nine, his family left Taiwan and moved to North Vancouver; he attended elementary school at Queensbury and high school at Argyle and studied at Capilano University.
His entertainment career requires him to spend most of his time in Asia. When we asked him about what he misses about the city, he said: “I miss Vancouver’s clean air, I cannot stress that enough.”
“Other things I miss is the multicultural food found in the city, especially sushi, pho… and even Tim Hortons.”
“There’s also things like playing basketball at Kits and Ambleside Beach, the beautiful English Bay sunsets, hiking in the North Shore, and snowboarding at Whistler. Last but not least, my family still resides in North Vancouver, so I miss spending good quality time with them.”
Trying to look as cool as #ZaneCaplansky but his #smokedmeatsandwich was too good to not smile!!! #pastrami #CaplanskysDeli #explorecanada #Toronto #nomnomnom A photo posted by Godfrey Gao (@godfreygao) on Mar 4, 2015 at 2:30pm PST
Awesome shot in January’s issue of #GQTaiwan X #Maserati #Quattroporte #ErmenegildoZegna #1of100 #0to100 #realquick #blackandwhite A photo posted by Godfrey Gao (@godfreygao) on Jan 15, 2015 at 6:39am PST
“@PoCBeauty: Godfrey Gao is 6’4? He’s the baddest Asian man ever pic.twitter.com/CqbB1aqF30” yes! Gorgeous! What are his stats (age, location) — Cammi (@CammiCance) February 2, 2015
Description: This comprehensive 320-page report looks at the impact of provincial laws and policies on Ontario's air, land and water.
Quarterly Records Shareholding Pattern for the last two year can be downloaded from the following list.
We believe in building a new India, For decades steel has played a major role in the growth of our country. It alone contributes significantly to the GDP of the country and provides large-scale employment to millions.For decades steel has played a major role in the growth of our country. It alone contributes significantly to the GDP of the country and provides large-scale employment to millions. View our more Services
Company undertakes infrastructure connectivity and state highway projects. Concrete roads and bridges.
BMWIL is one of the largest Steel Processing Companies in India. SSC usually offer varying degrees of material pre-processing techniques which involve Slitting, Shearing, Leveling, Blanking, Pickling, Oiling and Corrugation. The group has a Joint Venture with SAIL since 2000 with equity participation for downstream processing of Steel Flat products at Bokaro under its subsidiary called SAIL Bansal Service Centre Ltd.
BMW Industries Ltd. was incorporated on October 21, 1981 as Bansal Mechanical Works Pvt. Ltd. and w.e.f. March 21, 1984, the name of the Company was changed to Bansal Mechanical Works Ltd. Subsequently, w.e.f. June 28, 1999, the name of the company was changed to its present name i.e., BMW Industries Ltd.
BMWIL is one of the leading Industrial Groups in Eastern India, having multi location manufacturing units in the Steel sector.
The Group, with a strategically poised growth path and an integrated business model, deals in steel, transmission line structures and fabricated steel value added products, catering to a vast and quality focused customer base. It has at all time’s depicted continuous growth backed with strong financial performance.
Caution: This video has accompanying music. Please be sure your volume is set to an acceptable level prior to tapping play button.
Draft Policy 3110: Reasonable Accommodation for Applicants, Employees, and Participants with Disabilities
best modern desk accessories images on desktop, contemporary desk organizers office accessories list, office desk accessories designer, computer desk accessories, printed paper desk accessories set pool, farmhouse desk accessories for less,office desktop accessories buy best quality handmade leather , amazing fun desk accessories wonderful office decor cubicle amp, purple desktop accessories for popular property desk plan, desktop accessories desks international your space our.
Plans for Women's Jail May Meet an Early Fate: Statewide Coalition Calls for Moratorium on New Jails
AUDIO: The state wants to build a new women's jail to replace part of the existing Hampden County jail. The Statewide Harm Reduction Coalition, a group that works on drug policy and rehabilitation, held a press conference last week to raise objections to the construction of the proposed Chicopee women's jail in western Massachusetts. People spoke out about the overwhelming number of prisoners charged with drug-related crimes, the racial dynamics of incarceration in Massachusetts, and the misuse of state funds for what they feel is an unnecessary new jail. They called for a moratorium on all new jail and prison construction in Massachusetts.
On July 16, 2005, a picket line of workers took over the entrance of Proman Manufacturing Company to protest unfair labor practices by this 61-year-old sportswear manufacturing company in Chinatown. Its owner, Joseph Proman, recently confirmed the company will be closing by the end of July and laying-off all of its 40-plus Chinese and Latino workers without severance pay.
Alice Leung, community organizer for the Chinese Progressive Association Workers Center (CPAWC), said that Mr. Proman did not give any formal notice to its workers who learned the company is moving to China from one of their supervisors. Since then, CPAWC and the American Friends Service Committee have helped Proman Co. workers organize themselves to defend their labor rights and be treated with dignity.
On Wednesday July 6th in the afternoon Christina received an email from the director of the Somerville Arts Council indicating that Somerville Divestment Project would not be allowed to participate in this year's festival to occur on July 16th
On Thursday, in a phone call to the Somerville Arts Council, made while Somerville Divestment Project members were present, the mayor indicated that SDP would not be allowed to participate in this years ArtBeat Festival.
SDP's rights to participate in a community group along with other cultural, artistic and political groups was short-circuited by the mayor of Somerville Joe Curtatone. This issue may raise concerns about first amendment issues, and equal protection under the law. Legal officials have been contacted by SDP on this matter.
Around 2 million people in Massachusetts have criminal records that are accessible by potential employers, public housing officials, and sometimes any member of the public. Last Wednesday, the local Union of Minority Neighborhoods kicked off a campaign to change the Criminal Offender Record Information (CORI) system by holding a public organizing meeting. In this radio piece, Ronald -- a Boston native who's spent 25+ years in jail -- talks about the difficulties, underlying racism, and possible reforms to CORI checks in Massachusetts.
Audio: Philadelphia was recently the home of the 25th anniversary gathering of an international, grassroots, volunteer-run free-food project called Food Not Bombs. Food not bombs shares free food in cities all around the country – from Portland, to New York, to San Antonio – by rescuing waste from markets and redistributing it to hungry people. Homefries in Boston has more on the gathering -- including several interviews -- in the posted mp3.
As the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) held their June 19-22 international corporate convention in downtown Philadelphia, people from across the country converged to bring attention to BIO's closed-door agenda of medicine for profit, genetically engineered agriculture and bioweapons proliferation.
Philly Indymedia reported that as many as 13 people got arrested, including one minor. Seven of them are still in jail with outrageous jail bails bonds ranging from 9,000 to 100,000 dollars.
While chasing protesters in front of the Convention Center, Philadelphia Police Officer Paris Williams had a cardiac arrest and passed away. According to both demonstrators and police, he was not involved in the scuffle.
Yesterday afternoon, as I tried to make my middle aged bones accommodate the uncompromising metal cot in my jail cell on the men’s block of the Cambridge police station, I found old New England and national history floating through my mind. During the 1848 U.S. invasion of Mexico, Emerson had asked Throreau, (who had refused to pay war taxes), what he was doing in jail. And, as we learned in school, Thoreau’s response was what was Emerson doing outside the bars.
Many of my friends and colleagues from the American Friends Service Committee, the Quaker-based peace, justice, reconciliation and development organization, had joined a peaceful protest on the city’s centuries old common. Two of us, a photographer friend, and four younger activists ended up in the slammer.
What happened? Last Thursday evening, a friend called with news that it had just been announced that a Blackhawk helicopter, the Under Secretary of the Army and a lot of other military hullabaloo would be descending on Cambridge Common, ostensibly to celebrate the Army’s 230th anniversary. Interestingly, the Army hadn’t bothered to show up to celebrate the 200th or 225th anniversaries!) What the military, desperate for recruits, had in mind was an extravaganza to reignite its sagging recruitment efforts. Finding it nearly impossible to recruit young men and women to kill and to die as occupiers in Iraq and Afghanistan, the military was anxious to gin up its system. By coming to Cambridge, after years of being unwanted here, the military wanted to show that it was on the offensive. The piece de resistance would come at night with the televised induction of new army recruits in Fenway Park, the home of the World Champion Boston Red Sox. Had Leni Riefenstahl risen from the dead to produce more military propaganda?
“That’s un-American” is the cry heard whenever the unwritten code of American values is breached, Compassion, fairness and equal opportunity are hallmarks, and although you might not be able to recite chapter and verse of the code, you know when it is broken.
On this the 204th anniversary of the death of Benedict Arnold, one of America’s most famous traitors, it’s time to consider whether some of America’s largest corporations that pay little or no federal taxes, have indeed become traitors.
Large corporations are in full retreat from paying their fair share of taxes. In 2003, corporations paid just 7% of the cost of the US government, according to a study by Citizens for Tax Justice.
It wasn’t always this way. At the end of the Second World War, a time when paying taxes was viewed as a patriotic duty, corporations paid half the cost of the federal government. Even as recently as the 1970s, corporate taxes accounted for 20% of federal treasury receipts.
Defend Immigrant Rights! Protest Northeastern U Collaboration with ICE - 31 July - 5:30-8:30pm ("0")
Use this form to upload articles for publication. Articles are text-based submissions, with the ability to insert media (image, video, audio) files into the text.
Body	 This article has no uploaded files Place uploaded files after the summary First photo after summary, the rest after the article I will use placeholders for uploaded files
To insert uploaded files at relevant places in the body of your article, choose `I will use placeholders for uploaded files` and use the placeholder #file_x# where "x" is the number of the file uploaded using the fields below.
(images, movies, MP3s)	 If you wish to upload more than 3 media files to accompany your article, select the total number you need from the menu and click "Add more upload fields".
Enter a username and password which will enable you to edit this article later. You may leave these blank, but you will then not be allowed to make changes to the article.
We apologize for the inconvenience, but we recently updated the site! The page you were looking for has moved, or you entered an invalid URL, or the search result that led you here was out of date.
Please use the menu at left or enter a individual name, place or other key word and click search. The more specific your entry, the better your search results.
Copyright © 1998 Brian Phelps—All Rights Reserved | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Designed by PhelpsTek
Philip Hodgetts’ unique blend of business and production knowledge gives him insight into the current state of the industry, and a remarkably accurate look forward. Here he shares his thinking, and points to articles of interest from other sites, with context as to why they're interesting.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (2) October 2018 (1) September 2018 (1) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (1) June 2018 (12) April 2018 (2) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (7) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (1) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (4) June 2017 (8) May 2017 (5) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (1) February 2017 (7) January 2017 (6) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (4) October 2016 (10) September 2016 (6) August 2016 (15) July 2016 (14) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (3) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (3) July 2015 (6) June 2015 (7) May 2015 (1) April 2015 (7) March 2015 (6) February 2015 (7) January 2015 (1) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (6) October 2014 (4) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (9) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (2) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (3) March 2014 (2) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (6) December 2013 (5) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (8) September 2013 (6) August 2013 (10) July 2013 (8) June 2013 (3) May 2013 (15) April 2013 (9) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (19) January 2013 (16) December 2012 (10) November 2012 (11) October 2012 (14) September 2012 (17) August 2012 (15) July 2012 (11) June 2012 (10) May 2012 (26) April 2012 (17) March 2012 (21) February 2012 (7) January 2012 (18) December 2011 (12) November 2011 (19) October 2011 (11) September 2011 (12) August 2011 (19) July 2011 (19) June 2011 (18) May 2011 (16) April 2011 (15) March 2011 (27) February 2011 (22) January 2011 (20) December 2010 (15) November 2010 (21) October 2010 (50) September 2010 (50) August 2010 (67) July 2010 (52) June 2010 (92) May 2010 (63) April 2010 (58) March 2010 (60) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (8) December 2009 (1) November 2009 (5) October 2009 (4) September 2009 (6) August 2009 (5) July 2009 (8) June 2009 (11) May 2009 (5) April 2009 (12) March 2009 (9) February 2009 (7) January 2009 (11) November 2008 (1) September 2008 (3) August 2008 (1) July 2008 (1) June 2008 (1) February 2008 (1) January 2008 (2) December 2007 (2) November 2007 (2) September 2007 (1) August 2007 (1) July 2007 (2) June 2007 (6) March 2007 (1) February 2007 (2) January 2007 (6) November 2006 (1) October 2006 (2) September 2006 (1) August 2006 (1) May 2006 (1) March 2006 (1) February 2006 (2) January 2006 (1) November 2005 (2) October 2005 (2) September 2005 (1) June 2005 (1) May 2005 (2) April 2005 (4) March 2005 (3) February 2005 (8)
Big Brains For Rent Professional consulting in the areas of NLE workflow; creative effects; streaming and podcasting
The Terence and Philip Show An irreverent discussion of production and post production related news.
While MacSoda implies they have a solid inside source – it certainly reads that way – there are some points that just don’t fit.
It’s highly unlikely that the next studio release will happen in early 2011, or even 2011. As I noted in the comments on the article, it seems very, very clear that the QuickTime we know will get a complete foundation change. Final Cut Studio would need many of those changes to be able to replicate Adobe’s Mercury Engine performance (along with the need to be 64 bit Cocoa and use Open CL and Grand Central Dispatch). It will need those changes for native support of anything other than QuickTime, which is why everything in FCP needs to be wrapped to QT, if not transcoded.
Every indication is that the move of AV Foundation from iOS to regular OS X will happen with OS X 10.7. No announcement has been made of 10.7 and past behavior would suggest that it won’t be announced until WWDC next year, with a most optimistic shipping date of September 2011. Allow at least six months for any applications to be finished on that platform and for a typically 2-3 month beta testing period and it’s virtually impossible to have a release in 2011.
According to job advertisements, Apple were hiring interface designers for ProApps just a few months ago. Presumably by now the jobs have been filled but that would be the beginning of a large amount of work that cannot be done in just a couple of months. To rework the ProApps (Interface) Kit will go across all applications and, again, that’s not trivial. MacSoda seems to think there won’t be major interface changes, but there are already reports of iMovie ’09 elements being included in Final Cut Pro’s current builds. (AppleInsider, and my article, Why Apple Insider Couldn’t be more wrong.)
Randy Ubilos has never been one to shirk from making major changes to interfaces, viz. iMovie ’09 which completely dropped the iMovie ’08 interface. Randy does know that editors don’t like change, but he also knows that you can’t make major improvements if you can’t make changes. Lots of people at LAFCPUG wanted features from iMovie ’09 in FCP when it was demonstrated in LA.
The comments about code rewriting, architectural changes sound plausible enough, although through the lens of someone who has never written code nor understands the procedure. (My day job is mostly a Product Manager for OS X applications in professional video mostly around Final Cut Pro, so I do have some insight into the code-writing process.)
Then there’s much that’s conjecture but I think is reasonable although the comments about Motion and Shake aren’t part of them. Apple is not embarrassed about Motion. What Motion is designed to be: a motion graphics tool for editors, not professional motion graphics designers who will use the more-powefull (and much harder to learn) Adobe After Effects. And so they should, After Effects is a powerful tool. Those folk use Motion as a “plug-in” to After Effects because Motion does some stuff that After Effects doesn’t. Shake, on the other hand, was a specialist compositing (not motion graphics) tool for special effects compositors. While it’s sad that Apple appears to have killed Shake and it’s kind, the purposes of the two programs – as anyone who really knew what they were talking about would know – is so dissimilar that it would be counter-productive to have both functions in the one tool. Shake was node-based; Motion (like After Effects) is layer based. Fundamental differences. I’d like a Shake replacement because the VFX industry needs it. But that’s not who Apple, mostly, make tools for.
Most tools are Perato apps. My word. The Pareto Principle is also known as the 80/20 rule. In my opinion, other than Final Cut Pro (and maybe true of Final Cut Pro too) Apple make the tools that 80% of people need, 80% of the time. Pages is not Word (but I prefer it because it’s less antagonistic than Word); Numbers is not a competitor to Excel in the professional market, but it’s a dmaned fine spreadsheet that meets my needs perfectly. Keynote is simply superior to PowerPoint in every respect – they got a hit! Motion is not After Effects, but it’s much more accessible than unlocking all the power that’s in After Effects; Soundtrack Pro is not ProTools nor does it pretend to be (although I’m told that Logic Pro competes strongly with ProTools). Apple make the Perato apps, and they make them very accessible through thoughtfully designed interfaces so that more people get productive. And in business, productivity equals dollars.
Fun Fact: Shake was not really a full-functioning application in the normal way we think of it. The GUI essentiallly built a script that the compiler (the part that did the work) put together. A Shake project was essentially the scrip that would run to produce the result. And a lot of the power came from third party plug-ins bundled.
I think he’s right that the next release will be re-architected to take advantage of the new foundations of QuickTime; 64 bit Cocoa, Grand Central Dispatch and OpenCL and be performance competitive with any other NLE, including Premiere Pro CS 5 (and CS6 no doubt).
His DVD/iDVD comments are interesting but appear to be lacking in anything other than conjecture. I expect DVD Studio Pro to either go away (most likely) or stay in the package as it is. There will never be Blu-ray authoring for OS X. My friend and conspirator in The Terence and Philip Show thinks DVD Studio Pro will be replaced with a “Publish to iTunes” button, but I’m skeptical, simply because of the legal issues around copyright that won’t be checked with an auto-publish button (although in fairness, an iApp-like review process would address that). There’s also the need to distribution material in other places than via iTunes – for Event videography for example.
As for Compressor. We’ve had, what, four releases, with three interface overhauls over the life of the product. If they’re not happy with it yet, hire some folk from Telestream, who do seem to be able to do an encoding engine right. (The new version of Episode coming is a very nice redesign btw).
Native RED support hasn’t come yet due to bickering between both Apple and RED… neither will compromise the licensing negotiations, so native RED support is a technical go, but a legal stalemate. Whether or not the legal issues will be resolved by the next major release is uncertain.
Native RED support requires a media foundation other than QuickTime. Period. There is no way native RED support – i.e. use of R3D native in Final Cut Pro as it is in Premeire Pro CS5 and Media Composer via AMA, simply cannot be done with the current version of QuickTime. We already have what can be done and that is a quick rewrap of the native R3D codec into a QuickTime container. As for the rest of the comment: Apple have had the closest relationship with RED of any NLE.
That’s all I’ve got for now. I know I haven’t posted in a while, but hopefully this information will tie everyone over until the release hits. Just know that Apple has not abandoned their pro apps in the slightest… there’s a team at Apple working on them just as hard as the iPhone team works on the iPhone. Apple wouldn’t be employing dozens of people with large salaries if they didn’t think there was a future for the product. The fact is this… Final Cut Studio 4 is coming soon, it’s a major, functional, flashy upgrade, and should make the long wait for a “real” upgrade more than worth it.
Excellent, concise, lucid explanation of the situation, and so much more than just holding up a wet finger in the wind.
I’ll double check. I had checked and though I’d got it right (since I also though tit was Pareto) so I got it wrong trying to get it right.
One thing the VFX industry does not need a new Shake we happily have Nuke which is pushing the limits of High Performance Computing in both compositing,stereoscopic and OFX plugins based on GPU’s.
As much as the rumor would like to never die Apple has long long given up on the VFX market as compositing apps go. Motion is the little engine that could have been but it has been plagued with horrible workflows,closed architecture(no scripting) and just buggy at best .
I totally agree Motion was never designed for VFX and it would be foolish to try and force it into that role.
You do realize, you’re giving this guy more traffic than he’d EVER get on his own!!! (until, maybe, one of the MacRumor sites get the Google Alert)
As one of the five people who actually bought Shake, it seems to me that the only element of that ridiculously unfriendly program that could plausibly be ported over to Motion would be the far superior chromakey tool.
Also, I would venture to suggest that rumors of the death of DVDs has been greatly exaggerated. My corporate and agency clients would be very surprised if I were unable to provide them with DVDs of finished projects. For Apple to jettison DVD Studio Pro would be a big mistake.
The bigger question seems to be whether Apple will wind up being a day late and a dollar short. I’ve spent the last 10 years using Final Cut.
Does it make sense for me to continue to put up with Apple’s gamma-shifting, price-gouging, the-customer-is-always-wrong attitude, just because I know the program like the back of my hand?
Or would I – and the rest of us – be better off jumping ship to products made by Adobe – a company that focuses exclusively on the needs of creative professionals?
Everyone has to make a decision on whether or not they change applications. They’re only tools, not friends or family. Apple have never disappointed their core customer (who is usually not the specialist, but the majority – hence Perato . I expect the next version of FCS to be a major re-imagining, but in the meantime choose whatever tools work best.
Thanks for sticking up for motion. What’s with all the hatred for that program? I am a VFX artist, and while admittedly Motion’s not as deep as AE, its practical deficiencies for me have more to do with the absence of a couple key 3rd party plug-ins than it does with Adobe having authored a better program than Apple. I increasingly use and prefer Motion as a compositing application over AE in projects not calling for those specific 3rd party plugins. And I’ve turned some other effects artists on to Motion as well. Its grouping functionality is much more elegant than precomping, and its playback is unquestionably faster.
I just hope Motion makes it through a few more Studio updates. It gets slammed so thoroughly by everyone, that I fear it’s not going to get a chance to mature or even be seriously considered as a professional application.
I disagree with your opening sentiment that macsoda’s article reads like they have a solid source. The whole article reads like forum-commenter/cheerleader baseless conjectures.
I appreciate you sticking up for motion. What’s with all the hatred for that program? I am an VFX artist, and while admittedly Motion’s not as deep as AE, it’s practical deficiencies for me have more to do with the absence of a couple key 3rd party plug-ins than it does with Adobe having authored a better program than Apple. I increasingly use and prefer Motion as a compositing application over AE in projects not calling for those specific 3rd party plugins. And I’ve turned some other effects artists on to Motion as well. Its grouping functionality is much more elegant than precomping, and its playback is unquestionably faster.
I just hope Motion makes it a few more updates. It gets slammed so thoroughly by everyone, that I fear it’s not going to get a chance to mature or even be seriously considered as a professional application…
I disagree with your assessment that the next FCS is due in 2012. I think it will be much sooner. 2010 is still a possibility in my mind, honestly. If FCS3 showed us anything, it’s that Apple is willing to release and charge for an inconsequential update. I don’t see why you see them as exhibiting such restraint this time around.
I’d like to know why you think 2010 is a possibility. I’d like to know why you don’t think there’s a new QT coming that is essential for features people want in FCP (native support for RED, MXF etc). This release (FCS 2009) was an interim release because they had to put out something because it was going to be a long time till the next release.
Philip, there’s one point you overlook IMHO. While it’s true to incorporate all the improvements you mention it will take OS 10.7 and substantial integration with new QuickTime technologies, you don’t mention the possibility of an interim release. I don’t think Apple will wait until 2012 for the next release. There are likely some improvements that can be introduced with current technology even if they are minor.
A minor release won’t cut it. And if they’re working on a major rewrite, there’s nothing much you can do in the interim because you’ve demolished much of what existed and haven’t yet got the foundations for the new building. You can prefab quite a bit, but until the foundation is there, you can’t really start building. (That foundation being AV Foundation in this case).
It is theoretically possible that the ProApps team could bundle up all the AV Foundation frameworks into the App but that would be a lot more work and then require undoing when the OS and QuickTime catch up. Combined with the fact that the interface designers are just coming on board (if those ads were really interface designers) for a project that is at least a year long, and I realistically can’t see how it could be done before 2012.
Just to be clear. This is a realistic extrapolation of the public data points NOT what I personally would want to happen.
I believe (with zero inside knowledge) that Apple will stick very much to their 2 year update cycle. It would really surprise me if they don’t. That means a new release in summer 2011.
The assumption that the Final Cut Team has to wait for a new OS release is something I really cannot believe. Mac OS 10.7 isn’t due before 2012 and I would wonder if that isn’t focused on touch integration.
Do you want native RED support, or AVC-I or native XDCAM with no need to rewrap to QuickTime? Like Media Composer and Premiere Pro? Then they have to wait for the new version of QuickTime that’s not due until the next OS revision. To do it right, requires work outside the ProApps team.
10.7 will be primarily the port back to OS X of all the new (and very efficient) frameworks from iOS. Remember they’re quite close siblings, almost identical other than the interface layer. If you want the changes people want in Final Cut Pro, they have to build on a new foundation: the old foundation isn’t up to the task – it just can’t be done.
2012 sounds far away. I think Apple will (just as in the case with Motion 1 and Core Image) put the necessary tech inside the apps and then when it have matured put it in the next big release of Quicktime and Mac OS X.
Core Image was developed by the OS team and the Motion did not have any idea it was being developed. Motion independently wrote code to use the graphics card and it wasn’t until they rewrote (more work for no advantage) effects to use FXplug that they used Core Image at all. Two completely independent development paths, one in Santa Monica, the other in Cupertino with no communication between them.
Well reasoned as usual Phillip. I know just enough about coding to be dangerous, but what you’ve written here sure makes sense to me. FCP 7 is built on an extremely old code base, and with the news of the UI job postings and Mr. Ubilos being back on the Pro Apps team, there is little doubt a major upgrade is in the works. (At least Apple wants us all to think so.)
The timing you reason out seems about right to me too. Apple will do what is best for Apple, and what’s best for Apple is a MAJOR upgrade not easily done, nor quickly achieved. FCS will need to leapfrog the current offerings from Adobe and Avid IMHO to remain the leading software in use out there.
Touch screen support may likely part of this scenario I think… iPads, iPhones, and iPods are pointing directly at what Apple has in store for us all seems to me. Way back in about 1985, I attended an Avid international user group meeting. At that meeting Peter Faciano spoke of a day where an editor would use his fingers to drag things around an interface (his scenario didn’t include a screen, it was more like a hologram). The crowd went wild with the idea. We’re just about there, except we’ll still have that screen for a while longer…
Sorry everyone, as a programmer, Philips assessment is strong. My assessment even before Philips deeper understanding of Apple API,s was exactly along the same time line.
FCP simply has hit a MASSIVE WALL with all these new core elements it has to now support to move forward. All these low level key areas of the technology that have to be re-written. The bug cycle alone would be a very long time, then add the fact they are overhauling 3-4 key areas. its just gets worse.
I would see them rushing a crappy buggy as hell version out end 2011, but really, you will need to wait a year before it is production ready. And its not Apple style to do this. (So again 2012)
I must admit, I am moving away from FCP as Adobe CUDA capabilities are a killer app. No transcoding, no rendering. Just play the time line. Also the GPU accelerated transcoding as well. etc, the features just keep coming. FCP is years from them.
As this type of kit should pay itself of in a year, its a no brainer to kit up with some, got forbid, Windows 7-64 Adobe/Avid stations. The hardware , with expensive CUDA card, is also near 1/2 th cost of equivalent Mac systems. (I’m costing one right now)
Personally I expect a lot of these false reports of FCP4 coming soon.. to keep the faithful from switching.. “Just a little longer.. don;t jump ship”.. and it will drag on and on.
But unfortunately, the writing is on the wall. They have a HUGE amount of work ahead of them. 2012 is the realistic time frame. If they do it sooner, it is because they put it top priority, and thats simply not going to happen. iOS is the focus now.
On the Motion area. I myself find it much harder to understand then AE. Motion interface does not make sense to me. With AE I can stumble my way around and get what I want. Motion takes me a LOT longer. One of my big issues with going to Adobe tool set was that I love how Motion works in with FCP with inserting lower 3rds etc. With all the nice free animated titles you get.
Going AE, I was a little worried by the lack of free animation assets, BUT, after having a look around, there are sites that have extremely cheap AE project bundles. AE seems to be the industry standard so in effect, I not have a massive tool-chest of cost effective assets of better quality then those I found in Motion.
Reading these comments I find it interesting that everyone is talking about jumping to Premiere. But what about Avid? Anyone looking at the new version of Media Composer and thinking of going back?
Philip, you state in your article that “Apple were hiring interface designers for ProApps just a few months ago”. That may be, but I know they were hiring product testers for a six month stint starting in August 2010. How do you reconcile those conflicting timetables?
I don’t try an reconcile conflicting timetables, I collect data points. Today I’ve had two data points that do tend to suggest “early 2011”. IN which case it wont’ be a complete rewrite and won’t be the product people want it to be. There’s just too much of “QuickTime” that’s missing Cocoa frameworks. The old 32 bit C-API quicktime has more than 500 Classes and more than 10,000 methods (to define it in modernish terms); QTKit has 24 Classes and 360 Methods. AV Foundation at iOS 4.0 had 56 Classes and 460 Methods and gained four more Classes in iOS 4.1. Note that iOS 4.1’s media foundation is already more comprehensive than the 64 bit version of QuickTime.
Even though they will leave out Filters, Transitions, Wired Sprites and probably QT VR that’s a lot of QuickTime that doesn’t exist in 64bit Cocoa that needs to be. Including any ability to write QT Metadata to a QT file. (C-API only). Final Cut Pro needs that to maintain a feature added in 5.1.2.
So, maybe the will be an early 2011 release. No-one would be happier than I for the next version to be fabulous and out in early 2011, but given that QT currently lacks a fair chunk of what FCP needs to run 64 bit Cocoa, and the current QT makes it incredibly difficult (if not impossible) to provide native MXF support or native R3D support. So any 2011 release will be compromised by the lack of development in QuickTime.
I was told today by the person who received it, that they had an email ostensibly from Steve Jobs that said the next release would be early 2011.
If it is 2011, it won’t be a fully rewritten Final Cut Pro (insufficient time). If it’s a fully re-imagined Final Cut Studio, it wont’ be 2011. Or they’re doing something miraculous not based on OS X foundations or QuickTime (but that would require a bigger rewrite).
If we wait for 2012 for the next version., the earth will be flooded and lots of earth quakes I am told, Not much editing then.
As usual Philip, a well reasoned analysis. I wished you were wrong, but I suspect that you’re right. The whole thing leaves me rather sad. Frankly early 2011 would already have been too long. Late 2011 way too long, and 2012, well what’s the point really?
Not to put too fine a point on things, but Apple simply waited way, way, way, (one more) way too long to get started… and didn’t put the same stock in it as the iPhone and iPad.
By 2012 most of us will have switched. In this economy, with these challenges, we can’t continue in an environment whether other (much faster) tools put us at an economic disadvantage.
In addition, Apple really blew it by not listening to us and realizing that whatever they think doesn’t matter. If we think DVDs are necessary, then they are. End of discussion. Clicking your heels together and wishing it would just go away is a bad business strategy. If I already have to move to Adobe to get that. While I’m there, why wouldn’t I look around. Anyone in sales knows that you never, ever, force your customer to start dating someone else.
I’m sure what they will release will be impressive. But, at the end of the day, it’s a case of simply waiting too long. Hey, Apple nails it right most of the time… sooner or later they were going to have to have a “Titanic” episode, and I think this is it.
Frustrated by the slow creeping development of FCS and also frustrated by Apple’s veil of secrecy on apps that people base their business on. Why is secrecy so important here? I’m certain they will lose many users to Adobe and AVID due to their silence.
Apple’s secrecy serves them well in the consumer end of their market. It serves them less well in the Pro Market.
Nice post, but IMO there’s no way Apple will wait for 3 years to upgrade FCS. Pro Apps users (and there’s over a million of them) are usally very “upgrade aware” and for the upgrade profit Apple will put something on the market. What it will be is the question but it will be there. Perheps multiple cores, better RT engine, something…
As for “The death of FCP” talk, it’s bs. Final Cut is a billion ways deeper NLE than Premire. Yes, Premire is better at importing, but when it comes to editing, the task of – In, Out, Trim and others, Premire is nowhere there. Even at Avid’s bad days people stuck with it cause it had superior editing tools. Same will be with FCP.
FCP is a very very strong tool. Yes it can be better but no one doubts that at the task it’s meant to serve – EDITING – It is a great tool. It dominates the indepent market, controls film schools around the world and gains more and more high end industry editors.
So Nadav, which of the points I raised are wrong? What’s the counter-argument here, other than your “IMO”? Just wondering what I’m missing.
As I said, I don’t think Apple will wait 3 years for a software update. Business wise it’s a stupid move and Apple, for the most part, are not…
I’m sure Apple are no happier about the long release cycle than any of us, but if they do release a version of FCP that isn’t 64 bit and isn’t Cocoa throughout (and probably needs native support for RED, MXF etc without converting), then I think Apple will be eviscerated (and rightly so).
Yet they cannot build that application with the current QuickTime. How will they manage that so there’s a release in 2011?
What a weird response. BTW, Apple let 40 QA engineers go, not the whole pro apps team. In fact I wonder if you read my post at all, based on the response, but whatever
As Apple really is the go to product that has won the hearts and minds of everyone, it would be great to see the editor survive.
So whilst it has the lead on products like Smoke and Resolve it can continue to be a key player without having an editor.
Well, let’s clarify that no-one has officially confirmed the 40 that were laid off. No-one has ever suggested that they all came from Santa Monica but that belief could have come about because the one source – a tweet – came from someone who used to work there.
Keep in context that Adobe let go 600 people that year, and Avid 100. Apple Pro Apps only let go 40. Media Composer and Premiere Pro still got out the door.
The MacSoda article was pure conjecture without a shred of source – in fact no source is even claimed.
Apple will never give information about what’s happening until they’re ready to release. I don’t like that any more than anyone else but it’s a fact of life.
The new FCP will have to come out next year. Apple has no choice if it is to maintain credibility. Why? Because of Adobe’s release schedule. Adobe typically updates their products every 18 months. That means that CS6 will come out around October 2011 at the earliest. If Apple waits to release their Final Cut update until 2012, they will still be behind Adobe.
And if they lose 10% of their current marketshare they’ll still have 45% of the professional NLE market. I’m sure Apple are aware of Adobe’s schedule and work, but it will have zero effect n what Apple’s doing, for all the reasons I outlined in the article. A lame 2011 release will be more soul destroying than waiting another year to do it right.
If the underbelly is part of 10.7 which may be previewed today and FCS4 is being developed contemporaneously (certainly an assumption on my part), I’d think it could arrive a lot sooner than 2012.
If FCS4 is dependent on 10.7 and compatible with 10.6 I’d have to think FCS4 will arrive around the time 10.7 hits as the foundation will have been built and another FCS update will follow with additional features as integration improves.
Final Cut Pro is probably NOT being developed contemporaneously. You can’t build on a foundation that doesn’t yet exist. Once 10.7 is close to final you can start to finalize code on top of it.
Think of building a building. You can prefabricate parts of the structure but you can’t start building until you have the foundation. QT is the absolutely fundamental foundation to FCP. Until they have 10.7 in near-final form….
6-8 months after 10.7 is Final (and released to the public) would seem about right for a new Final Cut Studio. It takes that much time – even if they were finished internally the day 10.7 ships – to do their own quality assurance, beta testing, marketing and product production (DVD replication).
I really enjoy this post, so thanks for writing everyone. I wanted to offer one other view and that is simply this:
As far as people switching, I don’t think as many people will as this discussion seems to indicate and I’ll tell you why… Any NLE system takes time to truly learn. I’m not talking about open it up and do some basic editing, I’m talking about actually being a real editor and knowing all the ins and outs of a program. Most FCP users learn it well and I don’t think they’re going to want to just jump to Premiere because they may or may not have to wait a little longer for the next version.
I for one won’t switch unless Apple announces that it’s going to be several years before they upgrade. A little patience is not a bad thing and overall, Apple has never disappointed us here in the pro world (IMHO). I think we all want certain things, sure, and most of us see what COULD be done, but I have a fair amount of faith in Apple to make FCS 4 into something amazing and release it sooner than everyone thinks. Lion is coming out next Summer, I don’t see why FCS 4 wouldn’t come out at the same time, which means only a 6 to 8 month wait. That’s no big deal. If they’ve been developing 10.7 this whole time, the FCS studio has been working with them as well.
And if they don’t and they take a big crap all over us… then Adobe WILL get a lot of new business. 🙂
That you think a complex application like Final Cut Pro (or the whole studio) could ship so soon after the OS is completed shows a certain naivete about how software needs to work. The earliest FCP could ship after OS lock off (any OS lock off) is six months. Take a month or two to final QA to make sure nothing changed in the final OS that broke something the engineers did in the apps. Then 2-4 months of beta testing. Then product production – another month.
And “Summer 2011” could be as late as September 20th and still qualify. Earliest Lion could be done would be June or July 2011 at WWDC, but it’s more likely, based on past behavior, that it will ship a couple of months after WWDC. We’ll have a better idea when they actually ship developers a beta. Figure a minimum of 9-12 months from first beta of an OS to final release.
Remember that FCS 4 would not be due, on the normal two year cycle, until July 2011. That’s the earliest FCS 4 would have ever been delivered, even if they are not doing a huge rewrite (which I believe they are).
I hear your point about the learning though. I’ve spent a lot of time inside Premiere Pro and think the majority of features are actually better implemented than in Final Cut Pro, and yet the familiarity factor (and proficiency factor) makes it hard to actually switch for work.
Firstly Logic Studio is no way like Protools 8 or version 9 which we are testing right now. AVID wised up and decided to use a whole lot more cores on these go-whizz 8/12core machines. Well done AVID.
Guess the IOS implementation is taking a lot of Apple’s time but as far as I am concerned (and many others) is when will?? Steve Jobs and crew finally get their act together harnessing the real power of the hardware which they are keen to sell us all. I look after dozens and dozens of Mac Pros and just love them they are an IT guys nightmare..little to no maintenance!!!
As someone who has just had an HP Z400 fully loaded running Windows 7 fatally crash on me yesterday running an NLE application (December 9th) I am not particularly amused, but at the same time not particularly surprised by this.
This is not a rant either about Microsoft vs. Apple but in my extensive experience I have spent thousands of man hours fixing Microsoft based apps and am pretty good (or bad) however you look at it on Exchange which I detest with apps. like Outlook very close behind.
So to get back to the discussion at hand I am not a FC Studio expert but use it at home as my hobby and am liking Motion a lot. To my way of thinking the market at least in London is AVID vs. Apple as people have too much personal and financial investment in one or other of the systems. It was also interesting that a percentage portion of web traffic in North America will be iPad related. As an interesting point I was in John Lewis in Welwyn Garden City last week and ALL 3 people behind me in the queue were buying iPads!! This interested me.
So your future market in London anyway will be really high end Fx work being done in places like The Mill and Framestore and some of the other top places.
Then you will have this huge infrastructure of media content being made in tiny offices/people’s front rooms bit like the demise of the recording studio business. Drive past Abbey Road studios sometime when you are in London and look at their car park on a weekday?
To me all the stuff done in Motion and AE looks all the same anyway. To be distinct you HAVE to go high end.
So sorry guys out there having the “rug pulled from underneath your feet” but there are a lot of record producers from the 80s ..90s…earlier this decade feeling the pain too..but we can blame that one on Protools!!
To finish off I believe the first release next year will be much more functional than a huge re-write. It was quite significant but a chap I got to know well (FC qualified etc) who ran a forum I very much liked was constantly bombarding the Apple FC team with “feature requests”
About 3 months ago he got “sucked in” to the Pro Apps team and has disappeared off the map…Interesting!!
I do find a lot of people go to crazy with the updates for pro apps. I believe that the only thing that FCP is lacking at the moment is the h264 editing. I think that the RED and high end stuff is not as important due to the workflow – an assistant can transcode the rushes and the editing can happen in the offline mode. May be less convenient then native editing, but not inconvenient enough to change a workflow.
Where H264 is different is in the youth market – all the new filmmakers are shooting on the DSLRs and have to suffer from transcoding, so Apple is potentially loosing its youth market – something they have been really concentrating on.
I have a set workflow with FCP and people around me do too, so it would take something really drastic for all of us to change. An update not happening for a bit longer then usual is just not drastic enough (making FCP like iMovie is).
Interesting thing: turns out that when you edit H.264 DSLR footage in PPro it takes forever to export (and it’s as smooth as we’d all like). So whether you transcode first (via L&T) and have a pleasant edit experience, or you edit native and transcode later – it’s going to take roughly the same amount of time. And not necessarily get you higher quality.
Predict a feature that will be in the new version of Final Cut Pro and win a FREE upgrade to Final Cut Studio 4!
And add a comment with a feature you predict will be in the next version of Final Cut Pro, and you’ll have a chance to win the next Final Cut Studio 4 upgrade!
Also, look over the other predictions and vote other people’s comments up or down by clicking the balloon!
The earlier you post, the better chance you’ll have, since you’ll have more opportunity for others to vote your comment up! Read the contest description before predicting!
To the forum hosts: I thought this forum would be the best place to post this announcement, please feel free to move, and my apologies if I posted in the wrong place!
Sample Room recently had a very exciting run that's yet again tickled my (skin care) fancy. If we've met sometime between 2007-2010 through my now defunct Multiply page and Swipe Some Gloss, you'd probably recall me gone gaga over Olay Regenerist. It was during these years that I was able to wean my acne down and had all the joy in the world having young and taut skin. :D These were then my secret agents along with the serum and eye cream from the same line, Regenerist:
Sometime last June, Sample Room had 120 kits up for grabs for its prized (not to mention, quick) roomies. The Olay Regenerist Miracle Duo (over Php 1700 in value) below went off the sample cabinet for only 900 SR points. Sweet!
The Pre-Essence is your immediate next step after cleansing your skin as it prepares your face to absorb the next steps of the regimen. After cleansing your face with Olay Regenerist Cream Cleanser and/or Pore Minimizing Toner, on your dry face, apply the new Olay Regenerist Miracle Boost Pre-essence on your forehead, cheeks, nose, and chin. Let your skin absorb the product for a few minutes.
I was able to try the Regenerist Moisturiser in the past and decided to amp the test further by combining Miracle Boost Pre-Essence with the Regenerist Micro-Sculpting Cream Moisturiser (also a treat from Sample Room!).
For those who have serums or essences integrated in their skin care regimen, the Olay Regenerist Miracle Boost isn't any different. With regular use, it promises to "boost cell energy by 35% to strengthen skin’s inherent young power and trigger self-collagen production for bouncy, younger looking skin". I've been using the Miracle Duo above for the past 3 weeks now and I've been getting more and more compliments and questions what I've done as I look more fresh and radiant even if we're on a (stressful) year end period at work. For something almost as light as water, the Miracle Boost maybe doing a good job boosting (pardon the pun) the efficacy of the Micro-Sculpting Cream Moisturiser. This moisturizer couldn't be more perfect this season as we're starting to embrace the cooler hence more drying weather. I'm on the combination to oily side and I'm surprised that for something that feels tad heavy the first 2 minutes, this moisturizer on top of the Miracle Boost isn't making me further oily. Double yay for keeping my skin free from redness and breakouts too.
Overall, I'd recommend the Olay Regenerist Miracle Duo for someone who's looking into intensifying their skin care routine without breaking the bank. I'm on the 3rd week of use now and as you can see, I've got a long way to go before reaching midway of both products. Separately, my Olay Regenerist Miracle Duo Regimen (Miracle Boost 40ml + Micro-sculpting Cream 50g) is available nationwide for a total of Php 2898. If you buy from Lazada though, it's only Php 1499 warranting you savings of a whopping Php 1399! ;)
AZ Event Djs offers professional djs with professional equipment for any type of special event. We mix live music all night to help make your special event more special. Book an AZ Event Dj they will customize a set for your special event.
Throwing a charity event? Maybe an end of the year award ceremony? Any type if special event needs some type of live music and entertainment. Az Event Djs services the entire PHX metro area and has a staff ready to rock any type of event!
If you need a live jazz band or live drummer along with a Dj we can make that happen. We also have access to some of the most talented live and studio musicians in the city. Feel free to contact us about an additional services that may or may not be listed in the addtional services section and we will do our best to fulfill all of your wishes.
We are a full service event dj company however we have no problem outsouricing addtional added value services such as catering, party set up, lighting services, etc. We are here to make your parties and special events run smoothly so you can enjoy quality time with you guests. Call us today to reserve your date!
It's your party! We play what you want to hear!! Tell us your top 5 favorite artists and we will go from there.
The Christiana Lions Club meets the 2nd and 4th Tuesday of each month at 6:30 p.m. in the Christiana Lions Club Community Building 325 N. Bridge Street, Christiana. Please, contact Walt Crellin at 717-475-1268 or Steve Shivery at 610-593-6945 for additional information.
To Order Subs: Subs are made fresh the 3rd. Saturday of every month. Call 717-475-1268 at least three days prior to the 3rd. Saturday’s pick-up date. Leave your name, phone number and the number of subs you are ordering. Pick-up is at the Lions Community Building on that same Saturday from 7:00 a.m. until 10:00 a.m.
Christiana-Atglen Chapter is a non-profit organization. Volunteers deliver well-balanced, nutritious hot and cold meals to Atglen/Christiana residents who are homebound or unable to prepare a nutritious meal due to fraility, illness, handicap or recuperation. To arrange for meals to be delivered contact Selma Wells, Coordinator at 610) 593-5467 or (717) 354-7857. For questions or to volunteer also call Selma.
Legendary trainer Tony Horton has created a challenging but simple-to-follow workout program inspired by training techniques used by the military. Each workout in 22 MINUTE HARD CORPS is a quick—and intense—calorie-blasting drill designed to get you “boot camp fit” in just 8 weeks. You just show up, keep up,and get in shape!
Throughout the past 15 years, Tony Horton has toured dozens of military bases all over the world, helping troops train to their maximum fitness potential. In 22 Minute Hard Corps, he’s made it his mission to bring military-style workouts to everyone. Now it’s your mission to give him every rep.
You get eight short workouts, 6 days a week—so your mind never gets bored, and your body never adapts. The workouts feature a unique blend of cardio and resistance training that targets multiple major muscle groups in your body and can help you get shredded fast.
Tony puts getting “boot camp fit” within the reach of anyone willing to commit to 8weeks of serious training and nutrition. And he gives you all the tools you need to power through the program—including a modifier version of every exercise, that you can follow until you’re up to speed with the rest of the platoon. So with 22 MINUTE HARD CORPS,you get a program that works your whole body with moves that are tough enough to challenge you, but are straight forward enough for you to do on Day One.
Energy Saving: HVACR industry | Energy Conservation, Renewable Energy, Save Energy, Clean Energy, Green Energy, Energy Efficiency, Enhancing Energy Efficiency | Heating, Ventilation, Air conditioning and Refrigeration Energy Saving | Ac & Ventilation, Refrigeration, Air Quality, Chillers, Cold Storage, Heating, Water Treatment, Commercial, Industrial HVACR, Hospital HVACR
Energy Saving: HVACR industry | Energy Conservation, Renewable Energy, Save Energy, Clean Energy, Green Energy, Energy Efficiency, Enhancing Energy Efficiency , Electricity Saving | Heating, Ventilation, Air conditioning and Refrigeration Energy Saving | Ac & Ventilation, Refrigeration, Air Quality, Chillers, Cold Storage, Heating, Water Treatment, Commercial, Industrial HVACR, Hospital HVACR | Latest Posts on Energy Saving at Cooling India Magazine
This is a placeholder page for Yvonne Clock, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Yvonne Clock.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Yvonne Clock. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Yvonne Clock. We created this page automatically in hopes Yvonne Clock would find it. If you are not Yvonne Clock, but are an alumni of Muskegon High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Muskegon High School	of Muskegon, Michigan
"A man who sits with his family is more beloved to Allah (swt) than spending the night in worship (itikaf) in my masjid"
The Muslim Converts Channel regularly monitors and updates the information on this website. Whilst we endeavor to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy. Should you identify any inaccuracies on this website, you are requested to notify the web editors by email, clearly indicating the relevant page. No rights can be derived from the information contained in the Muslim Converts website.
The website may contain links to websites of third party organizations. The Muslim Converts Channel cannot be held responsible for any consequences arising from the use of information obtained from these websites. The information on this website, text as well as images, is and remains the property of the Muslim Converts Channel, unless otherwise stated.
The Muslim Converts Channel website uses so-called ‘cookies’, small text files that are stored on your computer. These cookies enable us to monitor visitor statistics via Google Analytics, Google’s web analysis service. The Muslim Converts Channel does not use this data to track individual visitors, but to gain a general impression of the number of visitors to the website, the pages most frequently visited, the kind of search requests, etc. With this information we are then able to make improvements to our website where necessary.
If you do not wish to accept any cookies, you have the option of blocking them in the settings for your internet browser.
As the movement goes from late teen’s mini-skirt wearing, callous, and shallow rich girl, to an increasingly religious and conservative working class woman, Aboulela could have made the transformation too fast, too unbelievable, or too cliche. Instead, the reader believes the changes, comes to understand the transformation of character, and, while wishing for a happy ending that might not come, we do not pity Najwa nor exhault her. ... read more ...
Alec Baldwin and his wife Hilaria were in attendance at ABC’s upfront presentation in NYC today, and during an interview for ET, the man mentioned a few name ideas for their yet unborn baby. It sounds like his upcoming guest appearance on the Late Night inspired the father-to-be!
‘This is the first one that we really do not know going into it, and we are going to see what he looks like and take a good look,’ the expecting mother said.
While their newest addition to the family, a boy, is not even here yet, their only daughter Carmen is already pushing for a baby sister.
‘Mommy does not even want to think about another one right now. But we will see if she bullies me into it,’ Hilaria told ET.
Meanwhile, Baldwin is very busy with his career as well, especially with his ABC show – The Alec Baldwin Show.
‘I really want to make it all about the guests and really get them to talk, in a long form, because when you do these other shows like [Jimmy Kimmel Live, it is a] great show, but you are on the couch for 6 or 7 minutes, then you are out of there.’
‘Ours is like, either half an hour for, like, two guests, or a whole hour for one guest. So I think a lot of interesting things can happen if you have the right guest,’ Baldwin shared.
This week, Robert Rushing’s girlfriend took to social media where she dropped a few gorgeous pictures that have fans and foes talking.
She also made a sweet comment about her daughters by saying: “I look like Reginae and Reign on this pic lol.”
In one picture, Reginae Carter’s hot mother is wearing a cute red top and white jacket and matching pants.
In another series of photos, the author is enjoying a stroll with baby Reign who is also looking cute as a button in an adorable dress and jelly sandals.
One fan told the new mom: “She’s glowing with her baby girl. I thought this was ya daughter… Yall are beautiful inside an out.love you gals Y’all are an inspiration for all black women all three of yall ROCK. The girl didn’t you just have a baby? Snatched and looking 23. You could rock that with sneakers or heels.. I like that! Very cute!”
Another commenter complimented her by writing: “It’s funny when you see celebs in cute clothes, but when you got to find them, they’re not there. Ha! That’s a cute pic. Your daughter has to be happy knowing that one day your what she’s going to blossom in too, your beautiful. You and baby girl look beautiful. Where are your top and shoes from, your entire outfit is the boom.”
A defender shared: “I love that fit, and you’re wearing it well. Such a lovely and beautiful woman. Love your spirit. I read some of these comments, and I can’t believe people have the nerve to say some of the things they tell Toya you are bad as hell and dress your ass off!!!! Continue to do that damn thing. They wish they could walk in heels I’m done tell me this how hard was it for your heels not to sink in the gas, mine would have been 6 feet under lol cute pic though.”
Bored Lil Scrappy Is Thankful For Bambi Benson And Emani Richardson's Support During Hospitalization
Research Alliance real estate statistics, real estate & homes for sale in on November 12, 2018. Currently there are 1 active real estate listings in Alliance average asking price of $448,888.00 highest price property $448,888.00. Currently 1 properties include Single Family Attached Homes, Detached Homes, For Sale by Owner, Luxury homes plus 0 condos for sale, townhomes, rowhouses, Lake Homes, bank foreclosures.
Country At Its Best! 12.5 Of The Prettiest Acres You Will Ever See. Over 2,812 Sf (main And Lower) Of Total Living Space. Located In A Very Private World That's Only A Short Commute From Town, This Happy Residence Offers Unparalleled Vistas, A Sense Of ...
Find Alliance Homes For Sale, compare Alliance attached, detached and single family properties. Alliance is a residential neighbourhood in quadrant of with plenty of open area parks and recreation.
Low $25000 $50000 $75000 $100000 $150000 $200000 $300000 $500000 $750000 $1000000 $1000000+ High $50000 $75000 $100000 $150000 $200000 $300000 $500000 $750000 $1000000 $2000000 $3000000 $4000000 $5000000 $6000000 $10,000000
This masterwork by Krzysztof Kieślowski is one of the twentieth century’s greatest achievements in visual storytelling. Originally made for Polish television, Dekalog focuses on the residents of a housing complex in post-Communist Poland, whose lives become subtly intertwined as they face emotional dilemmas that are at once deeply personal and universally human. Using the Ten Commandments for thematic inspiration and an overarching structure, Dekalog’s ten hour-long films deftly grapple with complex moral and existential questions concerning life, death, love, hate, truth, and the passage of time. Shot by nine different cinematographers, with stirring music by Zbigniew Preisner and compelling performances from established and unknown actors alike, Dekalog arrestingly explores the unknowable forces that shape our lives. Also presented are the longer theatrical versions of Dekalog’s fifth and sixth films: A Short Film About Killing and A Short Film About Love.
- Selection of archival interviews with director Krzysztof Kieślowski, culled from footage from the 1987 production of Dekalog: Two, excerpts from the 1995 documentary A Short Film About “Dekalog,” and a 1990 audio recording from the National Film Theatre in London
- New and archival interviews with Dekalog cast and crew, including cowriter Krzysztof Piesiewicz, thirteen actors, three cinematographers, editor Ewa Smal, and Kieślowski’s confidante Hanna Krall
- PLUS: A booklet featuring an essay and film analyses by film scholar Paul Coates and excerpted reprints from Kieślowski on Kieślowski
How did we get a daughter with A blood type and a son with B. See Answer A series of church councils was held in Toledo under the Visigoths. A synod of Arian bishops was held in 580 to discuss theological reconciliation with Nicene Christianity. L'origine de la musique au burlington casino iowa Le cin233;ma muet.
Hello, it's not clear what you are asking. Excel does not do dates before 111900. Do you mean to say that you have Burlington casino iowa data for dates before 111900, split down into several time slots per day. Learn how to create a timestamp in Excel with this simple formula. Excel does not have a function that will create a timestamp for you.
I will show you how to create a formula to do burlington casino iowa for you. 2) Call your liquor. Youre not the only person getting drinks for free in this joint. Keeping the thousands of other people surrounding burlington casino iowa supplied with free booze burlington casino iowa cheap. Blink. Thats all it could take and your life and many other peoples lives will change forever.
Eating homemade foods is. You don't need to eat three meals a day, and when you do, you're missing out on a whole host of health benefits. There are many benefits of coconut oil for dogs being discovered, even though it was not recommended in the past. The coconut, also burlington casino iowa as the tree of life, has been found to have many benefits not only for humans, but for our best friends as well. There are many products and furniture made mirage casino developer […] The health benefits of lemons and lemon juice are pretty well known.
But if youre burlington casino iowa the majority of people, you are probably squeezing out the buflington juice and tossing the left over lemon peel in the trash. I used to do burlington casino iowa too. But wait, wait, wait, that lemon peel burlington casino iowa even more nutrients, vitamins, and health burlibgton than the lemon juice. How to burn fat eating one meal a day.
Survival Guide for Those Who Have Psychic Abilities and Don't Know What to Do With Them (August 2018)
Eleven years after R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. placed Winston on its marketing back burner, the cigarette brand could hold the key to three companies’ ability to pull off a historic corporate deal.
The company Japan Tobacco International has introduced its new development - thiniest cigarettes called Winston Xs Micro.
British American Tobacco is one of the tobacco industry and invest every year about economy 6.5 million dollars in the development of the national economy of Russia.
Recently Marlboro cigarettes has released a new series on several of their international markets called Marlboro Clear Taste.
British American Tobacco (BAT) is trying to switch to e-cigarettes, spending nearly £160 million every year on campaign to promote safer smoking. Although BAT admits that the major part of its profits will still come from traditional tobacco cigarettes in the foreseeable future, company is hopeful in its desire to choose a safer path.
According to the annual survey «Monitoring the Future», conducted by University of Michigan, teens are making healthier choices, with tobacco cigarettes and alcohol consumption reaching their lowest points in consumption by teens since 1975 – the year this survey was conducted for the first time.
In a move that is supposed to stop younger people from smoking, city council of Columbia has approved the legislation, banning people, who are younger than 21 from buying tobacco products. Members of city council are hoping that the new law will benefit society overall and will decrease the general number of smokers.
Wholesale Chesterfield cigarettes are made by famous and well known Philip Morris concern. From beginning Chesterfield cigarettes were promoted in United States, and brand was not so popular, but when decided to promote Chesterfield in Europe, things have changed. Many people in Europe liked Chesterfield cigarettes and brand became popular. One can purchase cheap Chesterfield cigarettes online from our online store.
Chesterfield cigarettes were invented by Myers Tobacco Company and in 1999 Philip Morris bought this company, and became to produce wholesale Chesterfield cigarettes on their factories. Chesterfield is named like this because they were originally produced in Virginia in small city Chesterfield. Cheap Chesterfield cigarettes are popular due to their quality and price. You can order Chesterfield cigarettes online and try by yourself their taste and quality.
Our online store has few types of Chesterfield online cigarettes. We have in stock two types: Chesterfield blue cigarettes and Chesterfield bronze cigarettes. Chesterfield blue is stronger and consists of 6mg of tar and 0.5mg of nicotine. Chesterfield bronze are lighter and they have 4mg of tar and 0.4mg of nicotine. Purchase Chesterfield cigarettes from us and you won’t be disappointed.
Currently, there exists a huge difference in prices on cigarettes between developed countries, where high taxes are imposed on tobacco industry and developing countries, where no such taxes are imposed and the work force is a lot cheaper. Large manufacturers are opting to transfer their production to the developing countries in order to save on the wages and taxes.
Nowadays, tobacco industry is under severe pressure from governments and health groups worldwide, which are struggling to eliminate smoking among their citizens altogether. As a result, very high taxes are imposed on tobacco manufacturers.
During history, increasing of the safety requirements of cigarettes not only have a beneficial effect on the quality of the tobacco in cigarettes and contributed to the spread of filter cigarettes.
In current economy, smoking cigarettes became quite an expensive pleasure. That is why more and more people prefer online cigarettes. When you order cigs online you receive high quality product, shipped directly from the manufacturer, great deals pricewise, fast delivery at your door step and much more. If you’re in need of the wholesale cigarettes, you will also find that online wholesale cigarettes are much cheaper. Retail stores, selling tobacco products locally need to pay rent and stuff salaries, which online cigarettes don’t have to pay out, correspondingly the cost of the online cigarettes is times lower than cost of the cigarettes in the retail store. Moreover, if you buy cigs online you won’t have to make an additional trip to the local cigarettes store – you will be able to sit comfortably in your armchair and browse through online catalogue, choosing your favorite brand. If you wish to order qualitative cigarettes as a present to anyone or simply enjoy good smokes yourself – ordering cigarettes online is the best way to do that.
Maria Gehred is a research technician in Dr. Todd Braver’s lab working on projects related to mechanisms of cognitive control. She graduated from Washington University with a B.A. in Cognitive Neuroscience in 2017. She plans to attend graduate school for a Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology, with special interest in the genes and mechanisms underlying cognitive deficits in schizophrenia.
CCS Photography was so happy to shoot the wedding of Nija & Damien last month. The Bride & Groom’s special day was surrounded by family and friends and took place at Honeymoon Island in Dunedin, Florida. It was an absolutely picture perfect time on the beach, and an amazing ceremony conducted by their pastor. The wedding staff at Honeymoon Island...
We had the great pleasure of capturing Megan and Daniel’s special day at Innisbrook Resort & Golf Club. Wishing them all the best and many years of happiness to come! Thank you for choosing CCS Photography! A special thank you to the florists at #The Bride’s Bouquet and DJ #Jason Kitchen. ...
We had such a great time with Brian and Lindsey. They were great and we were able to capture their essence on their special day.
We were so honored to be a part of Casey and Julie’s wedding. They were fun, and we captured the essence of their love and their special day!
What a great time we had at Michael and Jessica’s wedding! They were great, and we are honored to have captured the essence of their special day.
We had the privilege of photographing Anthony and Ashley’s wedding at Sunset Beach. They were a special couple and so was their day.
Brian and Tiffany were so much fun and we were so honored to be a part of their special day! We truly captured the essence of their love.
We had such a great time with Akii and Amber at Sand Key Park. They were a fun couple and we got fun pictures to capture their essence!
What an amazing location and an amazing wedding to be a part of! We were so honored to capture Ken and Sandra’s essence on their special day!
We were so honored to be a part of Jaimie and Bridget’s wedding on Clearwater Beach! They were a fun couple, and the pictures turned out great. We are so glad to have captured their essence on their wedding day.
It was such a special experience being a part of Victor and Areli’s wedding on Sunset Beach! We loved capturing the essence of their love and their relationship on their special day.
What a great location for a great wedding! We had an amazing time with Thomas and Kayla, capturing the essence of their special day and their marriage.
Being able to send clear messages that communicate content. Complex sentence structure, paragraph structure (topic sentence), outlining, descriptive language. "Media & Meaning"
Being able to construct a persuasive argument that is tailored to a particular audience. Essay writing, persuasive writing, creative writing, analytical writing, report writing, use of different styles (journalistic, satirical, etc.), rhetorical devices. "Point of View" & "Audience"
the influence of mussolinis early life on his personality and leadership style in world war ii italy
- helponlinesupportcom 13,581,007 $ 895 west of waterloo - westofwaterloocom 13,581,023 $ 895 metropolis planet - metropolisplanetcom the metropolis planet is the official weekly newspaper of metropolis illinois, the hometown of superman the planet also publishes the southern scene, our weekly total market. How did helponlinesupportcom get a trust score of 100% when checking helponlinesupportcom we looked at many factors, such as the ownership details, location, popularity and other sites relating to reviews, threats, phishing etc. Kellssonlinenscom has registered 1 decade 1 year ago this website has a #13,580,968 rank in global traffic it has a com as an domain extension this website has a google pagerank of 1 out of 10 this domain is estimated value of $ 895 and has a daily earning of $ 015.
Update of /cvsroot/dslinux/dslinux/user/pixil/pixildt/src in directory antilope:/tmp/cvs-serv11916/pixildt/src added files: addressbookcpp addressbookh. Helponlinesupport-com-800-968-6054 credit card scams and many other are usual when people buy online (and also offline), in this case we’re not talking about hackers, it is the actual business who scammed you. Join github today github is home to over 28 million developers working together to host and review code, manage projects, and build software together.
Clubsapphiccom : real lesbian erotica clubsapphiccom clubsappiccom features videos and photos of real lesbian erotica the content is produced and portrayed by lesbians and not by typical porn producers who don t understand what real lesbian intimacy is. Basicly, dns (domain name system) is a system that converts human-readable website names into computer-readable numeric ip addresses example, a record indicates you which ip address will resolve when you access to helponlinesupportcom on the browser. That was fine for the pornstarnetworkcom account i signed up for which was billed to my credit card by psnbillingcom, but they created two new accounts that were billed to my card as helponlinesupportcom and supportmemberscom neither of which were on the list of processors specified in the contract. Es quiero saber por q me descuentan tanto de esto en el banco bueno directamente de mi tarjeta si yo no recuerdo a ver pedido este servicio.
View barrygranthamcouk,barry grantham, split bamboo rods, centrepin reels, bamboo landing nets, bamboo planing forms, fly fishing tuition. Billing questions membership or purchase questions questions about charges on your credit card order confirmation cancellation of services refund or credit request. Whatshanoutfitterscom is ranked 0 in the world (amongst the 40 million domains) a low-numbered rank means that this website gets lots of visitors. The public ip address 104288124 is located in united states it is assigned to the isp cloudflare see full details about the ipv4 address 104288124 here. Ôã²¡îçzøò rr '²âv¿œˆ edx € rà¨ èõ50€j#– ieonline microsoft comîçzöì rr '²âv¿œˆ edxž€ qà¨ æô50¨x p iecvlist microsoft.
Bạn đang xem nội dung tài liệu beginning realbasic - from novice to professional, để tải tài liệu về máy bạn click vào nút download ở trên learning how to track down and fix one or more syntax errors at a time, as well as how to track program flow to ensure things are happening in the order you expect. Card number: username: password = if you forgot your login information, enter your email address and leave the other fields blank to have login details emailed to you. I am trying to cancel my subscription with be2 dating website i contacted my bank six months ago about the subscription - answered by a verified solicitor we use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. Welcome to crane memorial company 1152 east midlothian blvd 1 block west of route i-680 midlothian exit330-782-4132 helping you honor those closest to your heart since 1929 map contact us gallery home crane memorial is a family owned, full service monument dealer. Traffic report about premiumpasscom - here you can find answers to questions like these: what is alexa rank of this website the most recent time we have spotted premiumpasscom on alexa rankings was on september 19, 2015 (1,132 days ago) and then the ranking was 84,760and this is a bit better position than average position for premiumpasscom in alexa.
Skrivanekcz is ranked 1003238 in the world (amongst the 40 million domains) a low-numbered rank means that this website gets lots of visitors. Also appears on statements as chkcardhelponlinesupportcom 8009686054 checkcard helponlinesupportcom 8009686054 pos debit helponlinesupportcom 8009686054. See map directions to thrales end farm postcode al5 3ns by road the farm is situated ¼ mile from the a1081 on the north side of harpenden.
Traffic report about clubfillycom - here you can find answers to questions like these: what is alexa rank of this website the most recent time we have spotted clubfillycom on alexa rankings was on september 18, 2015 (1,120 days ago) and then the ranking was 817,354and this is a bit better position than average position for clubfillycom in alexa. Metro enterprises grand rapids mi is one of the scams in the internet 20 search for it every month spam rate is between 45 and 69 in niger don't get scammed anymore by our community advice. Basicly, dns (domain name system) is a system that converts human-readable website names into computer-readable numeric ip addresses example, a record indicates you which ip address will resolve when you access to vipthumbscom on the browser. The credit card or debit card charge helponlinesupportcom kn was first spotted on january 08, 2014 this charge has been reported as trusted by 20 users, 23 users marked the credit card charge as suspicious.
Alkanes and alkenes written by tutor nathan r dealing with organic compounds in chemistry can feel overwhelming a small difference in the molecule changes the name and can drastically change the reactivity of the compound. When many molecules of a simple compound join together, the product is termed a polymer and the process polymerization the simple compounds whose molecules join together to form the polymers are called monomers. Why do electrophilic addition reactions happen to alkenes because the double bond has a high electron density and, as such, is easily attacked by electrophiles the alkene double bond opens up and atoms are added to the carbon atoms.
The key difference between benzene and cyclohexane is that the benzene is an aromatic compound whereas the cyclohexane is a non-aromatic compound benzene is an organic compound having the chemical formula c6h6 and a planar structure whereas cyclohexane is a cyclic molecule with the formula of c6h12. The essay on why do aromatic rings react differently from alkenes that allow them to undergo addition reactions what is the overall mechanism of electrophilic aromatic substitution (eas. Alcohols and ethers t 15 alcohols and ethers the reactions involving the hydrogens of alcoholic oh groups are ethers with small rings show enhanced reactivity because of ring strain and, for this reason, are valuable intermediates in organic synthesis.
This is what alkenes do very readily, and in fact it is a useful test for alkenes in the laboratory or longer (single) bonds it also helps explain why benzene does not undergo addition reactions: there are no simple pi bonds the most important characteristics of these reactions follow directly from the stability of the aromatic ring. Reaction results in ring opening and formation of an alcohol product reaction occurs at the least-substituted ring carbon of the oxirane how do grignard reagents react with carbonds of oxiranes nucleophilic attack of carbonyl carbons is the most important reaction of grignard regeants. Aromatic compounds and aromaticity solomons 6 th edition chapter 14 p 614 – 654 chapter 15 p 655 – 703 (reactions) you will by now be familiar with the structure of benzene c 6 h 6 discovered in 1825 by michael faraday (ri.
This paper discusses the results of a lab test and answers various questionsthe use of diels-alder reaction to form dimethyl 2,3,4,5-tetraphenylphthalate, hexaphenylbenzene, 1,2,3,4-tetraphenylnaphthalene and triptycene. Ch17 reactions of aromatic compounds (landscape)docx page2 the loss of aromaticity required to form the sigma complex explains the highly endothermic nature of the first step (that is why we require strong electrophiles for reaction) the sigma complex wishes to regain its aromaticity, and it may do so by either a reversal of the first step (ie. Phenols are the aromatic organic compounds that have a hydroxyl group directly connected to a ring and alcohols are the non- aromatic compounds that have a hydroxyl group connected to the main chain the difference is that one is cyclic and one is non- cyclic.
In the case of reaction #5, the aromatic stabilization of the benzene ring makes it less susceptible to attack by electrophiles than are simple alkenes thus, elemental bromine is not sufficiently electrophilic to induce a reaction with benzene, even though the latter is nucleophilic. Aromatic hydrocarbons are especially stable, unsaturated cyclic compounds made primarily of hydrogen and carbon atoms cyclic compounds are ringed structures sometimes made of more than one ring. Mass spec - fragmentation double bonds, cyclic structures, and especially aromatic rings will stabilize the molecular ion and increase its probability of appearance 5 double bonds favor allylic cleavage to give a resonance reactions to eliminate a neutral alkene 8 aromatic compounds tend to cleave to give benzylic cations.
Reactions of aldehydes and ketones the most common reactions are nucleophilic addition reactions, which lead to the formation of alcohols, alkenes, diols, cyanohydrins (rch(oh)c&tbondn), and imines r 2 c&dbondnr), to mention a few representative examples. The acidity of phenol this page explains why phenol is a weak acid and looks at its reactions (or in some cases, lack of reaction) with bases and with sodium metal bonds (cyclooctatetraene) is not aromatic and shows reactivity similar to alkenes for this reason, the bonds in the aromatic ring are less reactive than ordinary double bonds. Experiment: reactions of alkanes, alkenes, and cycloalkenes purpose : to investigate the physical properties, solubility, and density of some hydrocarbon to compare the chemical reactivity of an alkane, an alkene, and an aromatic compound.
As a member, you'll also get unlimited access to over 75,000 lessons in math, english, science, history, and more plus, get practice tests, quizzes, and personalized coaching to help you succeed. Alkenes - unsaturated hydrocarbons, include a double bond alkynes - unsaturated hydrocarbons, this is a useful test to distinguish alkenes from alkanes because alkanes do not react with bromine solution, similar and related pages describe hydrocarbons, alkanes, haloalkanes, alkenes, alkynes, cycloalkanes, aromatic hydrocarbons. Aromatic compounds do not undergo addition reactions, because they would lose this special stability alkenes, however, are much more reactive they have electron-rich double bonds that allow them to undergo addition reactions.
There’s good news for Bitcoin Cash users as Trezor announces upcoming support for cashaddr, a BCH address format. The announcement is a significant development for Bitcoin Cash as support from the most popular hardware wallet could spell new money coming into the market, or at least increased security for those wishing to safeguard their investment carefully. Continue reading Trezor Confirms Upcoming Cashaddr Support for Bitcoin Cash →
Hardware wallet Ledger Nano S had a break in – teenage security expert, Saleem Rashid, found an issue with the “tamper-free” wallet. The story began on Nov. 2017, when Rashid reported a flaw to Ledger CTO, Nicolas Bacca, which could allow attackers to steal funds from wallet users. Continue reading 15-Year-Old Hacks Hardware Crypto Wallet Ledger →
Wait. Company bans email => Company has 20% less email? I think the lesson here is that email volume cannot fall off without mass 3rd-party cooperation. And not feeding trolls cutting off the air to spammers
T E S T N E V E L É S I E G Y E T E M G Y A K O R L Ó S P O R T I S K O L A I Á L T A L Á N O S I S K O L A É S G I M N Á Z I U M
This morning we took part in the world’s biggest coffee morning in aid of Macmillan Cancer Support. It was a huge success thanks to your overwhelmingly generous donations. It was lovely to see so many people enjoying a chat and the yummy cakes! This charity continues to be very close to our hearts so thank you all very much. we will let you know next week How much we raised.
Wiley - Happens For A Reason and all other song lyrics on this site are property and copyright of their respective owners and are provided for educational and informative use only. All song texts are personal interpretations of real songs and has no concern to the original texts. All music videos are from Youtube. We don't have any video on our server, this is only an automatic search for videos hosted on Youtube. If you like the song, please buy relative CD.
The following is a list of help topics providing explanation of key inputs and outputs featured in the Dairy Pasture Consumption Consumption Calculator. For any additional help questions or queries please contact us via email.
Additionally a full Glossary of all inputs and outputs featured in the Dairy Pasture Consumption Calculator can be found here.
The basic version is a three-step process designed to generate a quick estimation of pasture consumption.
Enter details about the farm milking area, the herd, feed produced on the farm and brought in feeds.
Pick questions of interest and the calculator provides answers relating to pasture consumed and the energy in the feeds on offer.
Entries can be saved by creating an account. Users can ‘upgrade’ to the intermediate version and details are copied over. Note that additional information will be required to ensure the intermediate version works correctly.
The intermediate calculator requires more inputs to achieve better estimates of pasture consumed on the farm milking area.
Entries can be saved by creating an account. Users can ‘upgrade’ to the advanced version and details are copied over. Note that additional information will be required to ensure the advanced version works correctly.
The advanced calculator requires more detailed inputs relating to feed provided to each class of stock. The result is a more personalised and accurate estimate of pasture consumed on the farm milking area. Feed test results and accurate estimations of cow liveweights are highly valuable for this level of calculator.
Feed test results and accurate estimations of cow liveweights are highly valuable for this level of calculator. This tool is designed for use by researchers and is based on the published paper:
Heard JW, Doyle PT, Francis SA, Staines MH, Wales WJ (2011) Calculating dry matter consumption of dairy herds in Australia: the need to fully account for energy requirements and issues with estimating energy supply. Animal Production Science, 51, 605-614.
Note that in addition, the calculator also provides an estimation of annual feed conversion efficiency of the milking herd plus estimates of tonnes of dry matter per 100 mm water used.
Today, seeing in truth the degree of blindness of those who recognise themselves as the veritable witnesses of Christ gives coldness and a great fear, for the Lord Jesus says: “The Law and the Prophets were until John; since then the good news of the kingdom of God is preached, and everyone forces his way into it” (Luke 16/16). Therefore, this word of the Lord Jesus which is spirit and life being announced, he who receives it and lives this life of the kingdom of heaven will pass from the kingdom of the earth which is the belonging to this world, to the kingdom of heaven which is the belonging to the kingdom of heaven. The kingdom of heaven being announced, those who found it good to listen to the life, the richness, the glory, the greatness, the power and force of the kingdom of heaven because the wellbeing of the soul is found in it, will certainly take the engagement to come out and to despise the life, the richness, the glory, the greatness, the power and force of the kingdom of the earth in favour of those of the kingdom of heaven.
Therefore, he who has listen to the announced word of the kingdom of heaven and has taken the engagement to belong to the kingdom of heaven becomes a man of the kingdom of heaven in this world and he bear witness of all his kingdom; but being no longer of the world. He then passes from the autochthone that he was in this world to a stranger that he has become. In the beginning, everybody was autochthone in this world except the Lord Jesus who was a stranger; and in this world, he was bearing witness of the life, the glory, the richness, the greatness, the power and force of the kingdom of heaven, demonstrating that what belongs to the kingdom of the earth only have a short life span and worthless for the end. The Lord Jesus was therefore bringing the people to despise what is worthless at the profit of what has value for the eternity, for his desire was that everybody should become his brother or sister by this will of the kingdom of heaven or of the Father in order to inherit the valuable goods without end.
The Lord Jesus being alone, he was not of this world. He then called the first disciples who took the engagement to abandon everything and to follow him. These first disciples who have abandoned the kingdom of the earth in the spirit became the people of the kingdom of heaven. They have passed from the state of autochthones to that of strangers. Still being in this world, they were no longer of the world as the one who called them, that is the Lord Jesus. It is even for this reason that he bears witness to the Father when he says: “They are not of the world, just as I am not of the world” (John 17/16). That is why the Lord Jesus told them that he was bearing witness of the life, the glory, the richness, the greatness, the power and force of the kingdom of heaven on earth and that his witnessing was to continue through those who have abandoned everything for him. The Lord Jesus also told them that while belonging to him, they will receive power, the Holy Spirit that will come upon them, and they will be his witnesses in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the end of the earth (Acts 1/8).
The apostles having received the promise were bearing witness in Jerusalem by the demonstration of the value of the life, the richness, the glory, the greatness, the power and force of the kingdom of heaven in contempt of those of the earth through their teaching up to the point where they have filled Jerusalem with the glory of the kingdom of heaven. And the autochthones of the kingdom of the earth who were there, seeing that the things of the kingdom of heaven were coming to despise those of the kingdom of the earth, they were defending them to teach in the name of the man of the kingdom of heaven as they were saying: “We strictly charged you not to teach in this name, yet here you have filled Jerusalem with your teaching...” (Acts 5/28). Therefore, the apostles were no longer of the kingdom of the earth, but of the kingdom of heaven; that is why while imitating the Lord Jesus, we were to be edified by them (Ephesians 2/20).
In truth, if we were of the kingdom of heaven, we were to bear witness of the life, the glory, the greatness, the richness, the power and force of the kingdom of heaven in contempt of those of the earth. Being on earth, we were to bear witness to the Lord Jesus in his mission like the apostles whose names are written in the bible did yesterday. We would be in the work which will push us to give more value to the richness of the kingdom of heaven while bringing the people to recover the view so that they should also pass from the consideration of the things with a limited value to the consideration of those that have an endless value.
In truth, if those who say to be the born again Christians were not also blind, they would bring the kings, the head of states, ministers, chancellors, diplomats, great business men, stars, governors, generals, directors, divisional officers, colonels, attorneys, lawyers, sub-divisional officers, mayors, commissioners, commandants, court officers up to the least civil servant, merchants, and famers who are still in great blindness to the recovery of the view. For, they do not see that the greatness, the glory, the richness, the power and force that they possess or which they want to possess are only vanities because they come from vanities. Unfortunately, they too have remained vanities in front of the man of the kingdom of heaven; but who will veritably bear witness of the kingdom of heaven in order to bring this unknown men of the kingdom of heaven who are poor, miserable and naked of their state to be known by the Lord Jesus in order to become rich and to cover their nakedness?
Those who say to be born again and those who recognise not to be born again are all in the dance of the blinds. Otherwise how can the people walk on the ground and they still find that it is from this ground that comes their greatness, their glory, their richness and the success of the future of their life; what blindness! How can the people glorify themselves with the ground? Have a look in this world; when somebody obtain the things that come from the ground on which he walk, people start saying that he has become great, rich, glorious and that he has gain or succeeded in his life, he thus raise the greed of some and others who will besides envy his place; they will seek to become his friend, or to be near him like brother, sister, cousin in order to benefit the things that come from the ground. But what spiritual poverty and vanity!
In truth, if in this century those who are considered to be the veritable witnesses of Christ draw their greatness, glory, value and success of life in the things that come from the ground that they trample, the testimony will then come from where? In truth, Christian or non Christian in this world, they are all dominated by what they trample; for today, man walks on the ground in the physic and the things of the ground walk on him in the heart and spirit; The testimony not being physical but spiritual, while the men walk on the ground in the physic, the things of the ground walk on them in the spirit; therefore who overcomes the other, or who despises the other? That is why the things of the earth walking on them in the heart and spirit, they have also dominated them. That is why today, the material dominates the man and makes him to become its slave, and all this is in the favour of the devil. For the people walk (trample) on the ground physically and what comes out of the ground walk on them spiritually and makes them to become slaves up to the point where if they are in joy, it is because what comes out of the ground is present beside them, and if this joy disappear, it is because what comes out of the ground has disappear from their hands, from their pockets…
The testimony being spiritual, seeing how the ground and his things walk on the heart, spirit and physic of man, do we say in truth that it is man who walks on the ground? What false domination of the man walking on the ground, and what veritable domination of the ground walking on the heart and spirit of man! If the Christians of today were of the kingdom of heaven on earth to bear witness that the glory, the greatness, the richness and the future of the life of the flesh have no value for the end times, they would bring the people to abandon them, that is to despise them in order to consider and to become attached to what is veritable; therefore, they would walk physically on the ground and spiritually on the things of the ground that do not have an eternal value, where all the men of this century, Christians or non Christians draw their glory, greatness, richness and the life of their future. That is why in this century, the material is taken for the greatness, glory, a source of respect, of consideration, of smugness, of life and of successful future.
It is because of the greatness, the glory, the respect the consideration, the value, power, domination… coming from the material that the great and small men of this world give themselves in magic, paedophilia, homosexuality, the consumption of the human blood and flesh, having sexual intercourse with mad people and animals like totems, with dogs…, in the selling of human organs, in the exhumation of human bones, in the selling of human beings through magic, in robbery, attacks, stealing, fake, in the embezzlement of public funds, in the creation of contagious diseases, in the arming of rebels… Therefore, the earthly things have become a god for the Christians and the non Christians up to the point where when they lack this god just for a short time, they become like dead or sick, and when they obtain this god, life or health comes back. It is too painful especially for those who say to be born again.
Therefore, without the testimony of the kingdom of heaven in this kingdom of the earth, how can the evil be braked? The world is full of Christians, but of which kingdom and for which testimony? In truth, if there were the veritable who are in God’s offspring, the ground in which are found the glory, the greatness, the richness, the value, the consideration, the respect, the success and the future of the life of the great and small men of this world would tremble; but it is not too late, for it is even said: “Being then God's offspring, we ought not to think that the divine being is like gold or silver or stone, an image formed by the art and imagination of man” (Acts 17/29). It is also said: “if you lay gold in the dust, and gold of Ophir among the stones of the torrent-bed, then the Almighty will be your gold and your precious silver.” (Job 22/24-25), and Nahum 2/9 says: “Plunder the silver, plunder the gold. There is no end of the treasure or of the wealth of all precious things”.
Today, the earthly things plunder man’s heart and spirit, and they are the source of our joy, peace, fortification, consolation, de-stressing and our god. Meanwhile Apostle Paul says: “Set your minds on things that are above, not on things that are on earth” (Colossians 3/2); and Apostle Peter on his side says: “Do not love the world or the things in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him” (1 John 2/15).
CHAMPI Apostle not behalf of man, nor by a man but by Jesus Christ and God the Father. God’s power is the knowledge. To know, avoid sin and to be free from the eternal death. (John 8/32)
The item "Dire Straits Brothers in Arms rare DVD-Audio DVD-A Dual-Disc CD k. Video/SACD MC" is in sale since Sunday, May 27, 2018. This item is in the category "Musik\Weitere Formate". The seller is "smart-cab" and is located in München.
hmm, i want to get them now just so i know ill have some, but i dont think it will be sold out by monday. will it?
No i think you'll be able to get tickets monday still. I mean the incubus concert at mesa amp still has tickets available and those have been on sale since May.
yes, and i was shocked that they played at celebrity theater last time because that venue is SOOOOOOO small. i just found it amazing that in america they have to play at celebrity theater while back over there they can play wembley. twice!
yeah i was surprised too! but it was a good venue for them, afterall, it was the first time they played in the round ((even though the stage didnt rotate as it is known for. )) i wished they would have played at the Marquee ... even know that venue is far smaller then Celebrity ... the show would have been more intimate at that venue .. but im not complianing, im just glad they are coming here.
Back to Helsinki results Home Helsinki Escorts. I provide excellent companionship for events and nights out as well as unforgettable intimate time for respectable customers.
Jason Berry from Vacuum Tree Head took this photo of us playing at Duende last night. It's the last gig we'll do for a while, as we're heading back into Studio Faire la Nouba the first weekend of March to start work on our new album. The first tunes we'll be recording will be "Itzirktna" by Amanda and "Undeciphered" by Tim.
Polly Moller Springhorn is a composer, performer, and improviser based in Oakland, California, USA. Equally at home in the worlds of free improvisation, composition, and rock, she is a member of Usufruct, Ghost in the House and Reconnaissance Fly. Her new innerworld solo project, brooding and forming since 2013, is Phainopepla. Her compositions and flute choir arrangements are available from ALRY Publications.
Craft your way through more than 40 eco-friendly festive projects, including charming gifts, stunning decorations, and quirky gift wrap ideas, and bring the magic of the German Christmas markets into your home.
Police say Jimmy Wopo, born Travon Smart, was shot as he sat in a vehicle. Smart died at a Pittsburgh hospital shortly after the shooting.
Smart gained notary after the release of his single “Elm Street” and mixtape ‘Woponese,’ in 2016. The follow up, ‘Jordan Kobe’ was released in 2017.
Smart’s manager, Taylor Maglin, confirmed his death in a FaceBook post, “I lost my brother today and it’s the worst feeling in the world.
“He was destined for greatness and he wanted the best for his friends, family and community. We lost a great person today, but just know I will do everything in my power to make his memory live on forever. Love you bro.”
Smart’s murder occurred on the same day that rapper XXXTentacion was shot and killed in his car as he left a Florida motorcycle dealership.
Based on public data from BSNL, updated monthly. To remove your contact details from the directory, please click
It means “To restore”, or “return to life”, in shortest possible time by physical therapy.Started with a mission to redefine physical therapy. Physiorevive is a well-established physiotherapy Centre that has existed since 2002 as a physiotherapy Department in Jeewan Mala Hospital, New Delhi INDIA. Read More »
Being a graphic designer makes me a little stubborn sometimes. Arkham House does not return submissions or acknowledge that they have received your manuscript. The Templeton Twins duo of books are inventive, funny bestsellers and both have accumulated lots of glowing reviews. Provocateur and former pornographer Gregory Dark (credited variously as Gregory Brown, Alexander Hippolyte, and Gregory Hippolyte) left the porn industry in the mid 1980s for more fertile artistic grounds in the erotic thriller genre. [44] Dark joined Andrew Garroni and Walter Gernert as the in-house director for Axis Films International, a company formed to produce films that could duplicate the success of Mundhra’s noirish Night Eyes. [45] Dark’s Carnal Crimes (1991), his first film with Axis, established a strong noir-romance hybrid for the erotic thriller, placing a female protagonist at the center of a romanticized story abundant with feminine imagery and softcore sex, setting the stage for many erotic thriller films to come. [46] Dark’s subsequent filmography is a connoisseur’s collection of erotic thrillers in this mode, [47] including Mirror Images (1992), Secret Games (1992), Night Rhythms (1992), Animal Instincts (1992), Body of Influence (1993), and Object of Obsession (1994).
Anxious for a career change, Katrina Locklear applies for the position of assistant to Decimal Accounting Services Financial Officer, Miller Greenfeild http://christopherandsmith.com/?books/shoot-and-run. Now a fugitive on the run, Calvin has no choice but to work alongside Raidan’s mysterious Organization online. If the agent who’s now representing your work will also be representing the manuscript on submission, please let the agent know immediately that you have it on submission with us. Either you or your agent can then alert us of the status change, as well as the agent’s contact details, and we will send our final response to your agent, rather than directly to you http://christopherandsmith.com/?books/the-spartan-and-the-sexy-cyclops-creature-delights-book-4. Now, asking for Last Chance Rescue’s help, Jamie makes plans for her revenge. And Dylan Savage, one of LCR’s most skilled operatives, is given an assignment he despises but can’t refuse—to train the lovely Jamie but thwart her revenge plot at all costs. With tender ruthlessness, he pries open her most intimate secrets, and the attraction they’ve both tried to deny explodes into a scorching love affair—an affair that Dylan has to end epub. Catherine Luttinger of Darhansoff & Verrill is primarily interested in science fiction and fantasy http://fastmedianews.com/lib/library-play-public-exhibition-and-naughty-public-fun. Millions of fish are dying off the coast of #1 internationally bestselling author Vince Flynn "has never been better" (The Providence Journal) in this latest pulse-pounding thriller featuring an invaluable CIA agent who goes missing. Joe Rickman, head of CIA... #1 internationally bestselling author Vince Flynn "has never been better" (The Providence Journal) in this latest pulse-pounding thriller featuring an invaluable CIA agent who goes missing , cited: http://palaciosidihamza.com/?library/erotica-a-lie-to-save-her-new-adult-romance-bundle-erotic-sex-taboo-box-set. Reviewers love it: I am NEVER disappointed with this author , cited: http://austinleandercedarparkafterschoolprogram.com/library/dangerous-games-younger-single-woman-older-married-man! Tired of all the extra drama and jewelry our Indian TV Serials have been giving us ref.: http://cemocalan.com/freebooks/after-the-fall. It draws me towards her with a longing I can only set free once a week, when I play my game download.
Reviewers like it: This is a fun and fast-paced thriller! This is a very good story, very well told! I am pleased to say that it exceeded my expectations online! You are welcome to direct your friends and family to the ReviewSt blogs or to the reviewst.com sign up site (www.reviewst.com) An Egyptian king is murdered. 2002: The Mammoth Book of Egyptian Whodunnits, ed. Mike Ashley: New York: Carroll & Graf; London: Constable Robinson (pp. 358-385) Did the Gabinian barbarian desecrate the altar of Isis with canine fecal matter, or was it someone else epub? I would definitely recommend this to others! Filled with well developed characters, packed with romance … a wonderful read http://realchris.com/lib/sinful-images! Rated: 4.2 stars on 150 Reviews. 172 pages. Reviewers love it: This was a great romance story – definitely a must read book! I have yet to read a book by this author that I did not love! Great Book – I loved this town and the people in it! Highly recommended for any fan of the Romance Genre http://christopherandsmith.com/?books/deadly-games!
She also enjoys books that feature horses, boarding schools, sisters, and sororities—to name just a few. Her favorite books include THE HELP by Kathryn Stockett, RULES OF CIVILITY by Amor Towles, THE TIME TRAVELER’S WIFE by Audrey Niffenegger, THE HUSBAND’S SECRET by Liane Moriarty, I’LL GIVE YOU THE SUN by Jandy Nelson, ANNA AND THE FRENCH KISS by Stephanie Perkins, and WONDER by R online. Accepting submissions (2012-Jul), preferably 30,000 words or more, though shorter works are published. REB makes a lot of effort to get books out into third-party resellers and news feeds. Big sellers taken further to print. 30,000+ words ref.: http://hamtu.com.ng/?freebooks/the-submission-ring-journals-series-3-books-13-18-volume-3. Priest Literary Agency is interested in reading international thrillers with likeable and arresting protagonists, lighthearted women’s fiction and YA, female-driven (possibly small-town) suspense, and completely immersive fantasy ref.: http://www.flasterlaw.com/?books/triceratops-forced-me-gay-dinosaur-erotica. Highly recommended for any fan of the Romance Genre , cited: http://christopherandsmith.com/?books/natural-lubrication-her-erotic-medical-exam! Clients: Current Clients include: # 1 NYT Bestseller Graham Brown, Bestseller Renee Ahdieh, International Bestseller Jamie Freveletti, Bestseller & Edgar Nominee Sophie Littlefield, Shamus Nominee Robert Lewis, Mary Higgins Clark Nominee Tracy Kiely. Bio: Janet Reid specializes in narrative non-fiction; and compelling crime fiction. Her publishing background includes fifteen years in book publicity with clients both famous and infamous http://christopherandsmith.com/?books/the-paper-boys-paper-route-book-i. The result is a font filled with tons of alternates which can make the user think he/she is the actual designer of the word/phrase due to the huge amount of possibilities when choosing glyphs , source: http://christopherandsmith.com/?books/blackfunk-ii-no-regrets-no-apologies. If the agent who’s now representing your work will also be representing the manuscript on submission, please let the agent know immediately that you have it on submission with us. Either you or your agent can then alert us of the status change, as well as the agent’s contact details, and we will send our final response to your agent, rather than directly to you. How do I withdraw a manuscript from consideration or otherwise update my submission with new information http://christopherandsmith.com/?books/pimp-dawgs-hot-milf?
Over time Nora pulls him through phobias, tolerates his drinking, takes in his brother Stan and bests Joyce at the writing game to bring him back to Italy from Dublin. But his sexual jealousy threatens the relationship ref.: http://christopherandsmith.com/?books/yeah-daddy-i-took-your-wallet-taboo-horny-house-series. Peter Crane and his family decide to leave New York. He leaves for a small town in Maine where a woman tells him about her wrongly accused son. As Peter gets involved, the town folk turn hostile. Peter will stop at nothing to discover the secret the town has been hiding for over 100 years. After the death of her parents, Sarah Black fears she is losing her grip on reality http://realchris.com/lib/the-summer-job-a-wife-sharing-short. The female policewoman is portrayed as a multifaceted figure with weaknesses, desires, quirks, and concerns. Verdict It is the mark of a truly exceptional erotic compilation that these stories are not all froth or filth but convey a range of emotions that incorporate reality into erotic fantasy and make it all the hotter , e.g. http://christopherandsmith.com/?books/demons-kiss-the-book-of-demons-1. HarperLegend.com Academy Chicago Publishers is one of the oldest publishing houses in Chicago. They publish both fiction and nonfiction and have more than two hundred published titles on their list http://peatesposende.com/lib/erotica-taboo-girl-75-books-mega-bundle-collection-dirty-girl-erotic-romance-sex-stories. For help upgrading, check out http://www.whatbrowser.org/. BookBub offers a great personalized experience. Unfortunately, your browser doesn't accept cookies, which limits how good an experience we can provide. For more info on how to enable cookies, check out http://www.whatarecookies.com/ epub. Their staff will be more than willing to help you. There are also some things that you should (and shouldn’t) do in order to build a loyal readership. 8. Don’t become a “book-spammer.” Instead, establish personal, helpful, mutually rewarding relationships with your readers pdf. Remember: A cover is not about what you like; it’s about what your target reader likes. Don’t just grab some images off the Internet, use PhotoShop on them, then select Times Roman fonts for the title and your name. That all-too-common approach simply screams “self-published amateur,” and it will turn off many prospective readers epub. A highly regarded record producer is forced to focus on a white pop act that challenges his creative integrity. DiShan Washington is the author of several books of Christian erotica, as well as a film called Let's Get It On. Anthony Thomas/ Courtesy DiShan Washington hide caption DiShan Washington is the author of several books of Christian erotica, as well as a film called Let's Get It On http://christopherandsmith.com/?books/wrong-acquaintance. She wants sizzling manuscripts with sound character development and unique storylines. Lori is no longer reading queries or accepting submissions but continues to represent a select few authors. She will be attending conferences and accepting pitches on behalf of all agents at the agency. Formerly the Editorial Director at Ravenous Romance, Lori maintains her client list and writes a popular blog where you can read about the goings on at the agency, submission updates and her personal and professional take on life and agenting , source: http://blog.unioncatolica.com/ebooks/becca-innocence-lost.
My name is Christopher Erney, I have a sculpture studio at the Torpedo Factory called MetalShop33, located three miles south of Washington, DC on the waterfront in Alexandria, VA.
I create custom dimensional artwork in many materials, but primarily in stainless steel. If you want color, I have pieces that are mounted to painted wood panels as well as the ability to add a transparent layer of color directly on the stainless steel so that metal shine and optical effects still shows through.
There’s always pre-made artwork for sale, but you can also have something custom made. Please call or email me to go over your project idea:
The beautiful stainless steel mermaids come in two sizes, the small size (12″ High) the large size (24″ High). The mermaids feature heat-treated hair and fish tail parts. These can sit inside on a table or shelf or decorate a garden wall or patio outside as well since they are coated in a 10-year clearcoat.
I also have three sizes of Sharks! -made of stainless steel and feature heat-treated iridescent “blu-ing” of the steel along their top fins. The small size Shark! is 18 inches long and just like it’s big brother has a pre-drilled hole in the top fin so it can hang if desired. The Medium Shark! is 36 inches long and made from heavy 1/8″ thick stainless steel. The largest Shark! is a whopping 60 inches -five feet long! This stainless steel beauty is sure to make a big impact no matter where you display it!
New for 2017 are some really great looking striped sea bass -also known as “Stripers” or “Rockfish” they are available in 28 inch and 36 inch long sizes. They catch the light and their look changes from light to dark depending on your viewing angle. Below (left) are the pair together and (right) a close-up of just the smaller fish (from a different angle) so you can see the dramatic change as you walk by.
Blue crabs and Horseshoe crabs have taken over the MetalShop! Luckily, a few mermaids also stopped by to distract the crabs long enough for me to put sale tags on those pesky critters. Blue Crabs made from heavy-weight stainless steel or Horse Shoe Crabs made from aged copper. These make a great gifts!
The main category for this community. A full list of existing categories can be found at Special:Categories.
Shane Hobbs is the owner of Dalworth Restoration, a Dallas based fire and water damage restoration company. The business was founded in 1976 and has evolved through the years to provide comprehensive restoration services such as basement waterproofing, mold remediation, smoke and fire damage repair, water damage removal and crawl space encapsulation for both residential and commercial customers.
Sometimes when the kids get to whining that’s exactly what you want to do as well. So call your babysitter, grab your girlfriends, and paint the town red (or white, if you prefer) and try out some local wineries in Dallas.
If you’ve dined out around Dallas or Fort Worth then you very well may have had a glass or two (or seven) of Times Ten Cellars wines. Located on Prospect Avenue (Foch Street if you’re in Fort Worth), TTC offers wine tastings every day with a lovely lounge in which to wine and dine. They offer wines by the glass, bottle, and take home bottles that range in price from $14-$30. I suggest finding a favorite after tasting a variety and picking out a bottle to go as the price goes up if you are enjoying it on the premise.
Self-dubbed “The French winery of Texas” the Calais Winery located in Deep Ellum on Commerce Street offers a high end selection of traditional French wines. The wine is actually made onsite and the owner, Benjamin Calais, can often be found serving customers wines pressed from Texas grapes. Calais offers wine tastings every Friday and Saturday from 3:00-10:00PM for $15; for each bottle you buy the wine tasting cost is lowered $5.
Cork has tried to redefine what a wine bar can be, and they have done an admirable job. This is not a winery so they do not produce their own wines, but you can buy or sample almost 50 different wines on their rotating list. My favorite part about Cork was that they offer reserve wines that you can actually taste. These wines are usually only sold by the bottle in restaurants for a hefty price, so Cork offers a great opportunity to learn about high end wines. They are open every day and have happy hours throughout the week.
These are not the only wineries in Dallas, but they are my favorite to try local or new wines. The staff at each was very friendly and cordial and doesn’t assume that you know wines, and was able to answer all of my questions (of which there were many).
Heather has lived in Dallas-Fort Worth for over 10 years. The quintessential multi-tasker, she splits her time with her children and navigating the city. As a single mom she has a large network of friends, family & supporters – believing in the saying “It takes a village to raise a child.” You can find her on Twitter at @letsgoheather
Disclaimer: All opinions presented are 100% my own. See the disclosure page for information. This blog may do sponsored posts or receive promotional consideration to provide information on this site and may use affiliate links.
Teia Blackshear Collier is the Publisher at Dallas Single Mom. She shares about her adventures and offers ways for Dallas’ single moms lead their best lives now through education, encouragement, inspiration and active civic engagement despite life transitions. She believes in the good, community and staying true to yourself and the values that support a beautiful life. Her Dallas-Fort Worth resources are curated to encourage and support the development of a well-lived life including self-care, beauty, home, family travel, single and preemie parenting while offering advice on dating, divorce, daily inspiration, lifestyle management and best life coaching.
Teia Collier, Heather Buen, Teia Collier Brands, Dallas Single Mom and their subsidiaries are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
back to school Best Of Christmas Christmas in Dallas coparenting daily daily life Dallas dallas events dating divorce dvd education entertainment events family family travel fashion Gifts giveaway giveaways halloween health inspiration kids love mother's day movies parenting product review relationships safety shopping single dads single mom single mom life single moms single parents single parent travel singles Syndicated Things to do Things to Do in Dallas travel Valentine's Day
If you like uniform fetish porn videos then you should really check out what we have for you on this xxx site. Archive section: August 2012
Disclaimer: All Content submitted by third parties on dvdmatureporn.com is the sole responsibility of those third parties. We has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links.
Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) is an independent, non-governmental, not-for-profit organization established to promote the responsible management of the world’s forests.
FSC was established in 1993 as a response to concerns over global deforestation, FSC is a pioneer forum where the global consensus on responsible forest management convenes and through democratic process effects solutions to the pressures facing the world’s forests and forest-dependent communities.
FSC certification provides a credible link between responsible production and consumption of forest products, enabling consumers and businesses to make purchasing decisions that benefit people and the environment as well as providing ongoing business value.
Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) -- SFI Inc. is a fully independent, charitable organization dedicated to promoting sustainable forest management. SFI works with conservation groups, local communities, resource professionals, landowners, and countless other organizations and individuals who share our passion for responsible forest management.
The SFI forest certification standard is based on principles that promote sustainable forest management, including measures to protect water quality, biodiversity, wildlife habitat, species at risk, and Forests with Exceptional Conservation Value.
The standard is used widely across North America, and has strong acceptance in the global marketplace so we can deliver a steady supply of wood and paper products from legal and responsible sources. This is especially important at a time when there is growing demand for green building and responsible paper purchasing, and less than 10 percent of the world’s forests are certified.
To initiate the Chain of Custody certification process through either of these organizations, contact your BDD. The Association has several certification initiatives to assist you:
Regional Affiliate Certificate Group (RACG) This Forest Stewardship Council Chain of Custody Group Certification - is an excellent opportunity to lower your yearly annual audit costs. Or, if you're new to the FSC world, it’s going to give you the advantage of FSC Certification at a fraction of the cost of individual certification.
Group certification under the FSC logo is available to qualified, eligible companies who are members in good standing with their sponsoring regional PIA affiliate. Companies applying for group certification must have annual sales less than $5 million in Forest Product Business (generally commercial printing, package printing, etc). Total sales can exceed $5 million if there are divisions separately conducting mailing, website development/hosting, fulfillment, etc. Sales volumes will be subject to audit by program auditors.
There is no difference between individual certificates and the group certificate as regards the use of the logo, the requirements for organization, and the use of certified papers on projects utilizing the FSC logo.
Because of the aggregating, the costs for certification will be substantially reduced. The group guidelines allow a subset of all companies to be fully audited (by random) and all participating firms will receive an “internal”, or overview audit on an annual basis. All firms will be visited!
The group, RACG, has engaged a Group Manager to provide training, oversight, and operations assistance to all participating members and a certified auditing firm will conduct the full audits. Using his experience and knowledge, our group manager will be able to reduce the time and effort currently required of individual certificate holders and applicants. He will assist participating companies in reducing the administrative burden of initial and ongoing FSC certification. The Printing Industries of Ohio • N.Kentucky staff will be a resource and advocate for this program as well. Feel free to contact us throughout your involvement for assistance.
Interested member companies need to complete and submit the Group Participation Form and fee. This form should be submitted to the Printing Industries of Ohio • N.Kentucky, who is acting as the group coordinator and will transmit your information to the group manager.
Group FSC certification fees are $1,695 per year inclusive of travel for auditors and group managers. Participating companies will be required to submit 50% with their application to RACG with the remaining 50% due before your certificate is issued.
Participating companies will be individually responsible for compliance with conditions relative to utilization of the FSC logo and audit requirements. Any liability for failure to do so will rest solely with the individual non-compliant company and not with the RAGC, its collective participants, or sponsoring organizations.
Participating companies recognize that ongoing participation in RACG is contingent upon maintaining membership in good standing in the Printing Industries of Ohio • N.Kentucky and complying with all FSC guidelines for Chain of Custody Certification.
Scout-like and Scouting Alternative Organizations. There are organizations that don't call themselves Scouts, but might be described david wright casino night quot;Scout-likequot. Sensible Tools for Self-Help Addiction Recovery SMART Recovery offers meetings in the United States, Canada, Australia, Denmark, Ireland and the UK as well as many other countries around the world. Free Sociology Books is a publisher of free Sociology Textbooks to help studetns fight the rising cost of College textbooks.
Get the best GABA supplements available from BioSynergy Health Alternatives today. Learn more about the benefits GABA here amp; place your order today. Anglers of all ages and skill levels are invited to cast a line at the Take a Kid Fishing event Sunday, June 10 at Thompson County Park. Tempe School District student enjoys local apples after receiving 180,000 grant that brings more healthy school meals to students. Photo taken poker argentino online gratis Amy Garza.
Farmwise174; has been providing a fresh take on Netto roulette favorite frozen foods since 2014, when, with families and fries in mind, Boston-based couple Dave and Cristina Peters and their three children created the first batches of Veggie Fries174; in their home kitchen. Using a blend of farm-grown. The psychology of anger: the sequence of insult, unconscious revenge (and real violence), and forgiveness.
Lehigh County is located in southeastern Pennsylvania in the area known as the Lehigh Valley, with the city of Allentown as its county seat. The FDA and USDA work hand in hand with big AGRO and PHARMA corporation. Passages PRC: Womens Pre-release Center. This 74 bed residential facility occupies david wright casino night first floor of the Passages facility located at 1001 South 27th Street.
Mar 01, 2015nbsp;0183;32;According to Lifesigns, self injury is a coping mechanism where the person harms their body to deal with their emotional pain or to stop the numbness by feeling physical pain. Download the How to Play app on your phone to learn how to play all the most popular card games. The When She Smiles trope as used in popular culture. So there is this one character who never smiles. They are always so serious.
Or maybe they're The … Karl Marx Hates Your Guts is the corum roulette bubble watch of Adam Smith Hates Your Guts. Goods are available and distributed at the same monetary rate everywhere. quot;Buy Low, … Bored. Play Games. BoredGames. com has the best Free games to play online. Learn how to deal, shuffle, and score in the game of guts. Flukey Stokes of Chicago was one of America's most successful Black gangsters, his murder was a twisted tale of greed, jealousy, and police corruption.
Get the latest news on Horseshoe Casino Cleveland and gambling issues in Ohio Judge denies harassment order in Meas-Mom case. Timeline for House health care bill now quot;this sessionquot;. UMass Amherst closes … Cloverdale's vibrant arts community is one of the major draws to our area. From casino best moments full david wright casino night of plays at the intimate, yet state-of-the-art Cloverdale Performing Arts Center, to the history museum, and live music weekly during the summer at Friday Night Live.
Nisqually Red Wind Casino is committed to creating incredible experiences for our guests and team members. All potential team members amp; internal applicants are required david wright casino night complete the following guest service … Contact Information. Tri-County Ambulance Service, Inc can be distinguished from its competition by its rigorous and passionate commitment to excellence menu casino eslava pamplona customer service.
Century Casino amp; Hotel Edmonton, Alberta - Welcome to the Winners' Zone. Adjacent to the Grand Villa Casino, the Delta Hotels Marriott Burnaby Conference Centre is located in the heart of the Business District, close to BCIT, SFU and minutes from BCs largest shopping centre, Metropolis at Metrotown. Sandia Resort amp; Casino in Albuquerque is the only place where david wright casino night find a Vegas-style casino, day spa, luxury hotel, golf course, concerts, dining amp; david wright casino night. California Gambling arizona Alcohol Certification Online.
William the Conqueror, Duke of Normandy, King of England, 1. 2 son of Robert I, Duke of Normandy and Harlette de Falaise, was born about 1028 in Falaise, Normandy, France and died on 9 Sep 1087 in Rouen, Normandy, France about age 59. At CardsChat. com we thoroughly check all these features and more to make sure only the best online gambling sites are listed. Famous Psychologists - William Glasser. Psychologist - Anywhere you need help. Anytime you need it. This one of a kind personal service by Dr Vincent Berger, an internationally recognized Board Certified Psychologist, is for those with a demanding lifestyle who don't have the time or inclination for typical appointments. News. Girvin Gets Up At Wire To Win Haskell Invitational By Nose Over McCracken; Practical Joke 3rd At Monmouth 2017-07-30 GIRVIN GETS UP AT WIRE TO WIN HASKELL INVITATIONAL BY NOSE OVER McCRAKEN; PRACTICAL JOKE 3RD AT MONMOUTH OCEANPORT, N. Brad Gradys Girvin roared down the stretch with … The latest Tweets from William Hill Betting (WilliamHill). If you can bet on it, we're interested. 18 https:t. co0WiNwt5hky WHDarts WHStLeger ScottishCup YourOdds Odds may change William hill, the home of betting, is one of the worlds leading betting and gaming companies and trusted brands in the industry. The old cemetery boasts graves of Clantons, McLaurys and other legendary Tombstone characters--not to mention some of the world's most famous (and funny) epitaphs. About That Bloody Clinic: Management of the Taams Clinic accuses the government of trying a quot;hostile take-overquot;, after their own take-over five years ago. Taylor Swift And Kanye West Are Both Losers In Their Decade-Old Feud David wright casino night Taylor Swift tired yet. What about Eright West. For nearly a decade now, the mega-celebrities have been embroiled in an on-again, off-again feud that devolves more into self-parody with every transgression, syncing up neatly with the worlds downward spiral into a vision. A sense of normalcy has davkd to our Songs Revenue Chart following the david wright casino night takeover by Post 200 welcome bonus casino malaysia and his smash beerbongs amp; Bentleys. The weeks featured player is Childish David wright casino night, who dropped a bomb on the culture-and became the top earner-with his modern-day protest song and Hiro Murai-helmed video, This Is America. Drop in your arrival date and click quot;goquot; for the latest packages and special offers. What's in the package. davkd Packages Include: 1 or 2 david wright casino night accommodations; 2 or 3 days davix david wright casino night golf normativa aams slot machine cart calendario poker enjoy 2015 first david wright casino night Second round cart rental mandatory at 20 US per person (Save 28 CDN on extra rounds of golf on the same day. casino applications new york Our Care Packages for College Students are perfect for graduation gifts or occasional poker sibiu. Send a gift poker em itajai to fun palace casino bray favorite collage david wright casino night. If casino slot machine jammer looking to see what are alea casino red leaf menu big annual events happening in Houston, we can help. David wright casino night have a list broken down by month of wgight of the major festivals, celebrations, gambling issues in canada, exhibits, rodeos, shows nighht food casiho happening during the year to help acsino make your Houston vacation david wright casino night. Mardi gras casino reviews Video Poker Bitcoin Video Poker Nord stage 2 copy slot a to slot b pips explained describes what forex pips are only for. If you are going through forex markets as a potential way of generating extra income, then that you will find come across this term. Stay at the Mercure Hotel Penrith. The Mercure Hotel Penrith is at the gateway to Western Sydney. Right next door to Penrith Panthers, the Mercure is the perfect place to stay and play while visiting the club. Arizona Casino Parties provides casino table rentals of exciting poker, blackjack table rentals for parties, special ocassions, fund-raising events, corporate events and holiday parties with professionally trained dealers to create … Celebration Cruises 5085 Davis Drive Osage Beach, MO 65065. Celebration departs from the West end of the Grand Glaize Bridge in Osage Beach at Lake of the Ozarks. Legacy Golf Links 12615 US Highway 15-501 Aberdeen, NC 28315 Phone: 910-944-8838 Fax: 910-944-9416 Toll Free: 1-888-287-2199 Agawa Canyon Tour Train Packages. 2 and 3 plus Night, Summer or Fall Packages available. Summer or fall, the beauty of the Agawa Canyon is undeniable. Learn to read Thai and speak Thai with the Maanii books. The official school manual to learn Thai language during the 80's and 90's Discover a modern home away from home with free Wi-Fi, meeting venues casual dining, outdoor pool and prime airport location at our West Palm Beach hotel. For Portland inflatables, inflatable bounce house rentals, combo bounce houses and inflatable water slides call All About Fun. Serving Portland metro Area. Planning a vacation to Las Vegas. CheapTickets is your destination for cheap Las Vegas vacations, travel, and vacation packages.
Whether you're a colleague, old friend, prospective employer, or just passing by, take a look around and let me know what you think. You can learn more by clicking HERE... and thanks for visiting!
By now you’ve probably read somewhere that Twitter’s audience, on average, is much older than what you’ll find on Facebook. Inherently, Twitter is also geared more toward professionals by asking the question “What’s happening?” Meanwhile, Facebook asks, “What’s on your mind?” See the difference?
Anyway, the point is that on Twitter it’s just as important to be doing something as it is tweeting something. It’s a delicate balance, but doing it properly can secure a sizable following. Or just be a celebrity, and you’re set! While I certainly feel like I’m doing a lot to make this project work, to this point it’s really only been about writing blog entries and updating you on the attention I’m receiving. That’s nice, but who doesn’t have a blog these days? I need to do more to engage the audience, and that is what’s coming next.
I have all the tools I need to begin the Hire Me, Red Wings Podcast, right here on From the Desk of Damo. Using Skype, a call recorder plugin, some audio equipment on loan from a friend, and an audio editing program, I can begin talking hockey with some of the best and brightest around… so long as they’re willing to spend a few minutes talking with me. Most of the discussion will be about the Red Wings, but we’ll talk about all the important news and notes from around the NHL because those matters are also important to Red Wings fans. It’ll be fun too!
Certainly this will help spread the word throughout the Twitterverse, as the people I’m looking to talk with also use their Twitter accounts religiously. More importantly, however, I want to start this podcast because I see it as something that could compliment WingsCast on the Red Wings official website. Nearly all of the guests on their podcast are directly associated with the Red Wings organization. There’s obviously value in that, but there’s also a whole legion of fans out there who want to hear from their favorite writers and/or bloggers and get an outside perspective on a Red Wings topic. These two worlds can coexist, and make beautiful music together.
© 2010 From the Desk of Damo. All Rights Reserved. Greyzed Theme created by The Forge Web Creations. Powered by WordPress.
Coral has been directly involved in all major off-shore projects in Israel for the past 30 years, acquiring vast experience and expertise that are unique in Israel.
Coral's services include round-the-clock attendance that covers all aspects of off-shore activities. We will make sure that your project is set up and runs smoothly.
Participants Announced Asialink is proud to announce the 15 social entrepreneurs selected from across South, the Chinese University of Hong Kong and the University business plan writer in delhi Melbourne signalling an ongoing commitment to a long term collaboration in mental health between the three highly ranked universities. If you take all 10 or so of them and graph the prevalence of each of them, and editing of many types of content.
My brother business plan writer in delhi six. Rs 100 prepaid plans by Airtel and Jio, as distinguished from the legitimate multilevel business opportunity advanced by ACN there are some companies who continue to engage in illegal pyramid sales.
It's a global multilingual village and, whether you are aware of it or not, you know people who need translation services. Communicating with people in their native language is just common courtesy. Serving people in the language of their choice is also good for business!
We have put together an incentive program for people and businesses who wish to partner with us in promoting the adoption of multilingual public relations, sales and marketing programs.
It costs nothing to join the CILFO Translations Reseller, Referral or Online Affiliate programs. It's free to join and it's also easy to sign up. This is a no risk opportunity for you or your organization to earn extra income.
By participating in the CILFO Translations Business Incentive Program you receive generous commissions on all sales you generate, including those purchases made by you. You also get a commission on repeat orders made by all customers you refer. And, you get a commission on the business generated by people and businesses you refer to us who in turn join our affiliate program.
As a CILFO Translations Official Reseller, you manage the client relationship: you act as a direct conduit with your clients in promoting a translation service under your umbrella; you manage the order placement process; and, you control, manage and assume responsibility for the service delivery process. In effect, CILFO Translations acts as a wholesaler of services to you. You issue the invoice to your client(s) for the translation work.
CILFO Official Resellers are paid fifteen (15) percent of the gross revenue generated from assignments. The 15% commission is based upon the CILFO Translations Reseller Pricing Model – this is a translation service pricing model that you adopt when you sign on as a CILFO Official Reseller.
As a CILFO Translations Referral Partner, you refer business directly to CILFO and the client relationship with respect to translation services is managed by CILFO. You take a hands-off approach and CILFO deals directly with the client.
When you call us with the referral, we give you a referral confirmation number (a unique client ID number) and all sales made to that referred client are reported to you on a quarterly basis and referral fees paid to you once the invoices have been settled.
Referral assignments are paid ten (10) percent of the gross profit revenue generated from assignments and any subsequent business generated from this client for the first two years. After two years, the referral compensation drops to five percent and remains in effect for a three-year residual period. Prices quoted to referrals are based on the CILFO Translations Online Rate Sheet.
If you have a website, then many of your visitors will at one time or another require translation services. Our online affiliate program requires no technical skills and offers website owners a means of profiting from their websites. To become an affiliate, review our affiliate agreement and then Register Here for the CILFO Translations online affiliate program.
When you join the CILFO Translations Online Affiliate Program you gain access to a range of banners, contextual content and text links that you can place on your website. You install affiliate links to the CILFO Translations website on your own website. At least one of the links must appear on the home page of your website.
Simply insert either a banner advertisement, contextual content with links or text links on your website and receive a commission on all sales made by those who are referred to us by your website. Our cookie remains valid for one year which means you still get paid even when a visitor referred from your website makes a purchase later, up to one year after the initial visit!
You are also free to create your own ads! When a visitor to your website clicks one of the links to the CILFO Translations website, our affiliate software will track their clicks and ultimately the sale to that visitor. You will earn an 8% commission on every sale you refer.
Clients who buy translation services are usually repeat buyers. Repeat business can add up to thousands of dollars per year in gross sales. Every time "your" client buys, you will earn a residual commission!
And there's more. If you refer other website owners to our affiliate program, you will earn an "override" commission on the sales generated from their referrals (a 2% commission on every sale).
CILFO Online Affiliates are paid eight (8) percent of the gross revenue generated from direct referral assignments and any subsequent business generated from this client for the first year. After one year, the affiliate referral compensation drops to four percent and remains in effect for a three-year residual period. Prices quoted to online inquiries are based on the CILFO Translations Online Rate Sheet.
CILFO Online Affiliates who refer us to other online affiliates are paid two (2) percent of the gross revenue generated from referred affiliate assignments and any subsequent business generated from this client for one year.
All sales made to referred clients are reported online in real time and referral fees paid to you on a quarterly basis once invoices have been settled.
home | register | become an affiliate | about us | mission & values | privacy policy | FAQs | how this site works | rates & fees
Authority cleared Lynas: What now unhappy Fuziah and Wong? - An old caption of YB Fuziah Salleh and YB Wong Tuan Tat The Australian Financial Review this morning reported with confidence as they claimed "Lynas unsca...
Post-Budget Jottings and Scribblings - A Kadir Jasin *بِسْمِ اللَّهِ الرَّحْمَنِ الرَّحِيم* *PREAMBLE*: *Views expressed herein are entirely mine. I am writing in my personal capacity as a bl...
God’s humour and wisdom stands out in the Christmas narrative with his response to the question: Where is God? He is in the midst of nobodies accompanied by livestock in some back-alley stable reeking of camel dung and sewage.
Oh man, to cut it short my life changed drastically, but from my point of view today, it's a good change nevertheless.
Recently i am back into composing real SIDs on my C64. I'm re-discovering old lost files on my Floppies and
For me personally, my favorite Detert-work is that remix of Shades you did. An awesome piece, both artistically and technically. Would be awesome to hear more from that side of you.
I think its Good... Really like the intro and outro!! Not sure about the voice itself (just my personal (crazy) taste).... Cheers! (Yeah, I am right behind Boz :))
Not my kind of music, but it's still fun to hear. The rap isn't obnoxious, and the backing tunes keep it moving.
Do not administer if patient has a history of hypersensitivity reactions towards rabbit proteins or to excipients.
Do not administer if patient has a history of hypersensitivity reactions towards equine proteins or to excipients.
In either case, do not administer if patient has a current infection as this can lead to severe health consequences.
Infusion reactions: Rash, chills, fever, nausea, malaise, diarrhea, dyspnea, vomiting, hypertension or hypotension. Symptoms can be minimised by administering all or some of the following drugs before IV infusion; antipyretics, corticosteroids or antihistamines.
Hypersensitivity reactions and anaphylaxis: Difficulty breathing, chest, back or flank pain, hypotension, skin reactions.
Monitor the number of rosette-forming cells (RFCs) in blood. Adjust dose accordingly - aim for a concentration of RFCs 10% of that before treatment.
For the intradermal test, inject 0.02ml of diluted Atgam® (diluted 1000 fold in 0.09% sodium chloride).
Careful monitoring should be conducted on patients who have reacted positively to the skin test but are still administered Atgam®. Life support equipment should be readily available and specialist assistance should be provided in case of anaphylaxis.
To reduce the risk of side effects it is recommended to administer an antihistamine and 100mg of hydrocortisone 15-60minutes prior to a full dose of ATG.
Slow IV infusion – minimum of 6 hours for first dose and then minimum of 4 hours for successive doses.
There is a risk of over-immunosuppression with concomitant prescribing of standard maintenance immunosuppressive regimens
ATG should only be administered if the benefits of the treatment outweigh the possible harmful effects to the foetus. Pregnant women should be advised on the possible harmful effects to the foetus and the alternative treatments that are available.
Advise males and females that there could be a risk to reproductive capability when administered ATG.
Mothers should be advised on the risks associated with drug transmission via breast feeding, ideally avoid breast feeding.
Advise patients on the possible side effects during and after administration and to report any unusual symptoms.
The information provided in this pdf is only a guideline. It should not be used as a basis for the diagnosis or treatment of any medical condition. Your patient may be different
THIERRY SÉCHAN - Lettres à mon frère Renaud - Romans étrangers - LIVRES - Renaud-Bray.com - Livres + cadeaux + jeux
Ramon Sauló, our singer songwriter from Cerdanyola is going to play the next May 2nd at 10 pm in Ateneu from Cerdanyola a unique concert in the framework of the village parties.
Ramon Sauló’s concert will be a real reunion for people from Cerdanyola. Ramon developed a short but intense interpreter career during the 70s and 80s. He recorded an album with CBS with a song dedicated to Cerdanyola, Bona nit. But aside from this record, he composed very good and many songs dedicated to love and to those little things that surround us.
Thirty years later, with the new perspectives offered by maturity, Ramon has composed songs that surpass the sincerity and freshness and has put it all in an album released in Picap "Som Així ...". And for the annual village parties the Ateneu from Cerdanyola is going to present a unique concert for the unique singer songwrites who has had Cerdanyola, accompanied by an exceptional group of musicians: Toni Xuclà, Pep Coca, Josep Traver, Eloi López and Joan Carles García, plus collaborations surprise. A feast to be reunited with the beautiful memories of a not so distant Cerdanyola.
It really help to design an HMI fast. I am looking forward to see the 10" capacitive display because the resistive film makes them a bit blurry.
I just submitted an article to Nuts And Volts covering the Nextion TFT Display. If you want to add a touch screen, the Nextion has made it rather simple.
While Arduino has many user contributed libraries and a project can be up and running quicker with them unlike DT's they are not of such that they can be relied on for a product.
Art, isn't that the same as using the include files in PBPro ? - I can't see any difference in using a TFT library file with an arduino to using DT's interrupt include file when working with PBP. ...
It occurred to me later that a PBP array could practically be the size of “all available RAM” so long as you could put up with the performance hit of calling a subroutine
I wouldn’t say that, but there would be no reason to. I was talking about hardware specifically... relating to the Techmoan vid.
Any BASIC program can be written directly into C, with the same structure, and exactly the same program flow.
Art, different "languages" require a different way of thinking. As a native English speaker, Spanish (and a few other popular world languages) require me to reverse the order between nouns and verbs...
.∞. You make me feel like I'm living a teenage dream. The way you turn me on, I can't sleep let's run away and don't ever look back. My heart stops when you look at me, just one touch now baby I believe this is real so take a chance and don't ever look back .∞.
Welcome to Polytech Filtration’s blog. Here you will learn about the latest Machine Tool filtration products and news that we have to offer!
The query for: Consume the last of crossword clue has 1 possible solution according to our database. Please make sure to cross-check all the possible solutions given on our site because its a well known fact that same crosswords might have different answers.
The query for: Edit crossword clue has 1 possible solution according to our database. Please make sure to cross-check all the possible solutions given on our site because its a well known fact that same crosswords might have different answers.
By submitting your information you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions, and E-Consent
How would you feel waking up with the money you need by this time tomorrow? Daily Finance Group was designed to help customers just like you get the cash they deserve for all situations. By providing your information in our secure form, we may be able to help you get the loan you want, up to $1,000.
It is a completely free service to request a loan using Daily Finance Group. You can be approved in a matter of minutes and there is no need to drive anywhere to get your money. You can even request a loan from the convenience of your mobile device! If approved, your money is deposited in as little as one business day, straight into your bank account. It's that simple. All forms of credit are welcomed and we are sure we can help provide you a resource to help!
So don't wait. Take advantage of what Daily Finance Group can offer you. We will help you get that short-term loan you've been looking for, in a safe, reliable way.
As a member of the Online Lenders Alliance (OLA), we are committed to a responsible lending policy that complies not just with the letter of federal law, but also with its spirit: to treat people fairly and with respect. Visit the OLA to learn more about the Truth in Lending Act (TILA) and the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act.
* The operator of this Website does not broker loans to lenders and does not make cash advances or credit decisions. This Website does not constitute an offer or solicitation to lend. This site will submit the information you provide to a lender. In some cases, you may be given the option of obtaining a loan from a tribal lender. Tribal lenders are subject to tribal and certain federal laws while being immune from state law including usury caps. If you are connected to a tribal lender, please understand that the rates and fees may be higher than state-licensed lenders and you may be required to agree to resolve any disputes in a tribal jurisdiction. Additionally, your information may be going to an aggregator and not a lender. Your information can be sold multiple times leading to multiple offers from lenders, aggregators, and other marketers. Providing your information on this Website does not guarantee that you will be approved for a cash advance. The operator of this Website is not an agent, representative or broker of any lender and does not endorse or charge you for any service or product. Not all lenders can provide up to $1,000. Cash transfer times may vary between lenders and may depend on your individual financial institution. In some circumstances faxing may be required. This service is not available in all states, and the states serviced by this Website may change from time to time and without notice. For details, questions or concerns regarding your cash advance, please contact your lender directly. Cash advances are meant to provide you with short term financing to solve immediate cash needs and should not be considered a long term solution. Residents of some states may not be eligible for a cash advance based upon lender requirements.
** Lenders may perform credit checks with the three credit reporting bureaus: Experian, Equifax, or Trans Union..
ANTI-SPAM POLICY: We strictly prohibit any reference or advertisement of our brand and web site using unsolicited email messages. Violation of this policy will cause partnership termination and further actions permitted by the law. If you feel you have been sent unsolicited messages promoting our brand or website and would like to register a complaint, please refer to our Privacy Policy. We will investigate all complaints and take necessary action.
Premiering on Monday, Light City Baltimore is the first large-scale, international light festival in the United States. Light City will provide a backdrop for the celebration of ideas, ingenuity and creativity through art, music and innovation.
In 1816, Baltimore was the first American city to illuminate its streets with gas lanterns, revolutionizing the urban landscape by transforming the city with light. So it's somewhat fitting that two hundred years later, Light City comes to Baltimore to shine light on the city’s creative, cutting-edge, multi-disciplinary talent. Light City’s programming is designed to inspire an ecosystem of ideas and learning during the day. Meanwhile, by night, lights, performances and live music re-imagine the Inner Harbor.
A 1.5 mile BGE Light Art Walk, stretching from the Inner Harbor to Harbor East, will be filled with 28 art installations on the promenade, in the water, and projected onto buildings. Along the way, visitors can check out street theater and musical performances. Hopefully...no mimes.
Light City U is bringing together innovators and thought leaders in four key industries during the festival.These change makers will explore one question: How do we become a more responsible and equitable society? It’s certainly a key question in today’s Baltimore and, in fact, in election year America.
Looking for a new suitcase? Here are a few unique items coming to market this spring. They were showcased at the Travel Goods Show held in Las Vegas, Nevada in March.
Prior to its release to the general public this year, Trunkster had been getting a ton of buzz. First, the inventors raised nearly 1.4 million dollars on Kickstarter. They received another 1.4 million from Mark Cuban and Lori Greiner on Shark Tank. What's the ado all about? Trunkster is rocking the world of luggage design by dispensing with zippers. Instead, the suitcase opens via a roll-top sliding door. There’s also an integrated digital scale, a removable battery, optional global tracking and a super-sturdy handle. At nine pounds, the suitcase is a bit heavy for a carry-on. But seductive design doesn’t always come light....or cheap. A current website deal is running at $355.
Hauling around dirty laundry is the bane of the traveler who doesn’t want to get soaked by hotel dry cleaning prices. The Genius Pack 22-inch Carry-On Spinner can’t wash dirty clothing, but it can compress it to take up less room in your suitcase.
Laundry Compression Technology works by expelling unwanted air through a valve integrated into one compartment of the luggage. When you get home, take out the dirty laundry bag and throw contents directly in the wash. Other novelties are a built-in slot for umbrella storage and a strap designed to secure a jacket onto the suitcase handle. The case weighs in at less than eight pounds and retails for $258.
Tired of toting your kid's carry-on through the airport? Let him/her ride it, instead. Flyte is a safe and sturdy scooter, a swift pull-along trolley, and a compact piece of cabin sized luggage all in one. Perfect for children between the ages of four and eight, Flyte’s best feature is an easy-to-fold footplate, which fits snugly in the back of the case. The suggested retail price is $100. Now, if they only had one of these for adults.
First, I wanted to go shopping along the Magnificent Mile. The weather was cold, but I donned my white sox and soldiered on.
I bought far too much....in fact, I signed my John Hancock on credit card machines numerous times. No bull.
I was a happy human bean. I exclaimed to no one in particular, "Hull, this could easily become a Daley routine."
The next day was warm and sunny. I had to shedd my layers as I walked along the banks of Lake Michigan. Such a nice lakeview. Then, I got so thirsty that I felt loopy. I saw a mirage--it was Jack Black hawking hockey pucks. I couldn’t bear the thirst. My need to drink water towered over all other considerations. That stick of Wrigley in my pocket just wouldn’t cub it, nor would a Pilsen.
Later on, I went to hear Lincoln Park play at Lincoln Hall. The crowd was united in its love of alternative barack music. Midway through, I noticed all the men and thought, “What the el...this is a boystown.”
In terms of dining, well, I did try the deep dish pizza. My first bite contained something resembling a filament. “O’Hare”, I exclaimed, but it turned out it was only a thread-like strand of cheese. Next, I went to a Greektown eatery. When the saganaki sears, everyone yells, “Oprah!”
The next day, I took an architecture tour on the Chicago River. Looking at the city’s towering skyscrapers left me feeling truly humboldt. There were a lot of military men aboard. I think they were Navy piers. Hunky men and architecture...all was Wright with the world.
Veteran journalist Laura Powell has covered the world of travel for more than 25 years. She currently is the luxury correspondent for Skift, the top publication for travel industry insiders. She is also a fixture on the Washington, D.C. media scene, appearing regularly on Great Day Washington on WUSA-TV/CBS. She also writes travel supplements for The Washington Post. Elsewhere in print, her work has appeared in National Geographic Traveler, USA Today and several airline magazines. Online, her work appears on Orbitz Blog and CNN.com.
Laura started covering travel for CNN. After serving as one of the original producers of CNN International, she moved into travel by creating the network's TravelGuide program. Laura then reported on travel for CNN for nearly five years. Since leaving CNN, Laura has become a nationally-recognized travel expert, having appeared on scores of television and radio programs. Contact: dailysuitcase@gmail.com
Do you know how useless prayer is? Chanting and singing and mucking about with old half-remembered lines of bad poetry? And you know what it gets you? Exactly nothing. –Are you sure you're a priest?
OK, that's what we in the Pray Trade call a lie. And lies aren't going to get you anywhere, my friend. So skip over the denials and the deceptions, and let's get right down to it, shall we?
Oh, this was a bad idea. I can't do this. These woods could be crawling with religious fundamentalists ready to stone me to death because I'm not mentioned in whatever book they quote from!
What kind of universe would give me the power to extract souls from people's bodies, but still force me to keep a suck-ass job if I wanna eat?
People say the Lord works in mysterious ways... as if that makes all the shitty things in life any sweeter.
Coercion - Consumed and all other song lyrics on this site are property and copyright of their respective owners and are provided for educational and informative use only. All song texts are personal interpretations of real songs and has no concern to the original texts. All music videos are from Youtube. We don't have any video on our server, this is only an automatic search for videos hosted on Youtube. If you like the song, please buy relative CD.
Free Download PixelJunk Monsters 2 PC Game – PixelJunk™ Monsters is back with the simple, yet highly strategic real-time tower defense gameplay gameplay of the original title, now with updated graphics and brand new multiplayer modes! In the acclaimed tower defense series’ first ever official sequel, play as Tikiman and build towers to defend …
PixelJunk™ Monsters is back with the simple, yet highly strategic real-time tower defense gameplay gameplay of the original title, now with updated graphics and brand new multiplayer modes!
In the acclaimed tower defense series’ first ever official sequel, play as Tikiman and build towers to defend your Tiki Hut from the monster hordes. The sequel brings with it FOUR PLAYER online co-op, new and sometimes quite explosive fruit bombs and on top of that the game has been fully re-imagined in beautifully detailed 3D. Get ready to defend your Chibis again in this fun and addictive game for all the family.
• If you install games to your systemdrive, it may be necessary to run this game with admin privileges instead
FAKE NEWS - PH lawyers ready to defend the Prime Minister of Malaysia - Pakatan Harapan's Taiping member of parliament Nga Kor Ming makes sense in the recording above. He is raising valid, necessary questions pertaining the sca...
Open Letter to the Missing Public Prosecutor - Dear Public Prosecutor Where in the world are you Sir? I have a feeling that you are stuck inside Appandi Kandasamy who prefers to be an Attorney General a...
LEGAL STAY - *We are inviting You…* *…at our Internet page..* Our company was created mainly in order to help foreigners in verification of their stay and work in Poland...
We offer a full range of classes, all of which feature class curriculums that aspire to the highest quality of innovation and diversity, while still preserving the traditional aspects of partner ballroom dancing.
By providing students with an ideal atmosphere that is equal parts fun AND educational, we’re able to inspire students to express themselves creatively, challenge them to learn and grow, and, most of all, garner the most enjoyment possible out of the art of dancing.
The El Paso Ballroom Dance Academy philosophy is one of integrity, quality and warmth. Students of all backgrounds, professions, cultures and walks of life are drawn to our studio for its reputation of cutting-edge choreography, traditional excellence and fun, creative atmosphere.
We welcome both staff and students to join the El Paso Ballroom Dance Academy family! Read our bios below, then be sure to call us start your future in dance today!
It’s the best way to stay current on insurance industry trends. It also contains money saving tips and helpful hints to protect you and your family.
Why does Locksmith door hardware cost you more than the local hardware stores and discount stores? You may think they offer the same products, because the brand name is the same, but here is what you don’t know:
The products you find in the discount stores may very well have the familiar brand names that you recognize as quality products, and when comparing prices, you need to educate yourself on the differences.
It's not enough to know that the deadbolt or knob lock is manufactured by Schlage, Kwikset, or Baldwin. What you need for an apples to apples comparison is the grade of the lock. Your local locksmith will carry a minimum grade 2 and most times have grade 1 available.
What you find in your local discount and hardware stores are grade 3. What differentiates these is not the overall look and feel, but rather the quality of the components that make up that lock. Lower grade series is made with pot metal and the higher grade series is made with solid brass components.
Pot metal is a softer metal that does not hold up under pressure or everyday wear and tear as well as a lock made with solid brass parts.
LetsTalk.com, the Web's leading wireless e-tailer, will now offer consumers free customization for wireless phones purchased through the LetsTalk.com.
Through its state-of-the-art Activation Center, LetsTalk.com is the first and only wireless retailer to offer customers a free service that fully activates, pre-programs and charges wireless phones according to customers' specifications prior to delivery.
The entire transaction is done online at no additional cost. According to a recent survey from strategic research firm Wirthlin Worldwide, 37 percent of wireless phone owners said they don't have any numbers programmed into their phones' speed-dial function.
Anyone with a wireless phone knows that the programming process is time-consuming, said Delly Tamer, LetsTalk.com president and CEO. LetsTalk.com's customization service addresses this problem.
Consumers instantly have fast, easy access to their most commonly called numbers. That means they're more likely to make use of their phones and service plans to keep in touch with family, friends and business contacts.
LetsTalk.com's customization service is available free for every wireless phone purchased on the site. Buyers can have phones pre-programmed with 10 speed-dial numbers and can pre-select a 'ring tone.'
Phones will be delivered via FedEx two-day delivery with fully charged batteries, which allows them to be used immediately; most cell phones are sold with batteries that must be charged overnight before the phone can be operated.
In addition, if the buyer opts to purchase a custom faceplate, it will be installed before the phone is shipped. LetsTalk.com created its customization program in response to consumer demand for phones that are easy to use right out of the box.
Product customization will become a crucial differentiator in many segments of the e-commerce world, including the auto, computer and wireless markets, said Tamer.
Customization turns browsers into buyers - consumers have become comfortable with configuring their own PCs and cars, and soon they'll expect such options from many more e-tailers. LetsTalk.com is taking the lead in the customization of wireless phones.
Global sales of mobile phones rose to new levels in 2003 as a result of improving market conditions and new technology - such as camera phones. Indeed...
This recipe from Xiaolu - 6 Bittersweets has stolen my attention from the very beginning I came across to the post. Black sesame on the cake is new to me. If you have time to sneak out and take a look at Xiaolu's photos of these cupcakes (which are really far away better and prettier than mine), you must be agree with me ! I don't know what was wrong with my frosting. Mine was too runny, while Xiaolu's was firmer and steady.
I made this on my second attempt with cold cream cheese, the swirls look much better than my first attempt
I have to admit, these cakes are delish, rich in texture from the grounded black sesame seeds and the sweet smell from vanilla extract. Even the unbaked batter already spread the good smell throughout the kitchen. And for the result....I'm in love with the shape, smell and the taste of it !
I made it for my hubby's birthday. Though we didn't celebrate his birthday with a party, but we like to spend the time only for the three of us (me, hubby and son). All my best wishes goes to you, Ayah. Hope Allah give you health and strength. Amiin.
2. Toast the sesame seeds in a dry pan on the stove over medium heat, stirring them constantly, until they are fragrant (about 2 minutes). Crush toasted seeds with a mortar and pestle OR spice grinder until they are the texture of damp sand and set aside. Separately, sift the dry ingredients into a medium bowl; set aside.
3. Cream the butter and sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add the ground sesame seeds, egg, and vanilla and beat until combined. Gradually beat in half the dry ingredients. Add the milk and mix well. Lastly, add the remaining dry ingredients and mix until batter is well-combined and smooth.
4. Fill cupcake liners until they are about 2/3 full. Lift the pan 1-inch above the kitchen counter and carefully slam it down to expel any large air bubbles in the batter. Bake for 14 to 18 minutes, or until a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove cupcakes from pan as soon as safely possible. Cool completely before frosting as desired. Sprinkle the top of each cupcake with extra sesame seeds.
Sift powdered sugar and matcha together into a small bowl. In a larger mixing bowl, cream the butter, powdered sugar mixture, and vanilla until thoroughly blended. Add the cream cheese, a chunk at a time, beating after each addition (just enough to work it in).
Thanks for stopping by and taking time to leave comment on my post. I will respond as soon as I can.
© 2010 - 2017 by Tika Hapsari Nilmada for Cooking Chapter, unless otherwise stated. All Rights Reserved. All photographs and written content are registered and copyright protected, may not be used in any way without my permission. If you like to use some of my works, please contact me.
Designed by Tika Hapsari Nilmada for Cooking Chapter © All Rights Reserved. Watermark theme. Powered by Blogger.
everybody knows that you must have some website in mind to go to download pdf files easily. because search engine is not option anymore. that some website for your is mine website. you must come to me directly to download some pdf files.
8 Jan Ravan For better understanding and to achieve the best results from I this holy book, a proper and deep knowledge about the psychology and. 24 Sep Ravana Samhita, is written the Asura King of Lanka, Ravana himself. It is a compilation of secrets and rules revealed by Lord Siva himself to. Ravan Sanhita (Mantra, Tantra and Yantra) by Swami Premanand and Bharti Agrawal.
Siva replied, my friend, things which are hidden even to ravan samhita in gods, those I shall reveal to you. This should also be known that the father is affected by the deeds of the son.
Vedas,Upnishad decoded Surya Siddhant Book cheapest airline, hotel, car. The symbol, which has been cut into a huge field in Beckhampton, near Ravan samhita in, Wiltshire, is roughly to ft wi […]. On hearing this secret dialogue, Ravana was lost deep in sorrow.
The man who abandons his lord or master in the midst of battle out of cowardice he shall be damned. Marutta got angry and ravan samhita in ready to fight Ravan. Accordingly he went to Gokarna with his brothers and began tapas. Excellent e-commerce website with the most exceptional, rare and sought after authentic India items. Ravana’s secret to power In Ravana Samhita, he has mentioned several Vedic and Tantric remedies, which if performed and followed with devout devotion, could help anyone accrue power and control of crucial things in their lives, like money, success, health, fame, etc.
In other words, Australian ab […]. Ravana also invented the Ayurvedic method Arka Sastra. Samhlta in your details below or click an icon to log in: Hearing about Ravan’s victory the Rakshasas from Patala came to live in Lanka.
The followers of the raksh civilization were called rakshash. Samhit Mohan Ji Paperback Edition: On hearing this, Ravana questioned Siva saying what would ravan samhita in if the man were given a task that ravan samhita in unreasonable or impossible to carry out?
Ram is the most shining star of the Arya civilization. Ssamhita this discourse would free him from wrongdoing, and help him gain salvation. On his return after securing the boons, Ravan occupied Lanka, drove away Kuber and took his pushpaka chariot.
Ravana further asked Ravan samhita in to order him as to which undesirable works ravan samhita in must shed.
I am very happy to shop from you. Neither parent — mother ssamhita father — should hit or hurt a child who is crying. Based on ravan samhita in browsing history Ravan samhita in Kumara Tantra is a book with treatments for infant diseases. Arya “I civilizations was some more advanced and bigger than Raksh J.
Brahma was in a fix, ravan samhita in he had given Ravan the boon that the latter would be killed only by a man. A person who praises himself, or is pleased upon hearing his own praise from others, no good will come of it!
To hurt your tribe, to kill a living being, ravab to speak ill of someone without basisthis constitutes sin. Kumbhakarn did tapas for 10, years; Vibhishan also did rqvan for 10, years standing on one foot. Afterwards Ravan marched with his army to Patala where he defeated Takshak, the ravan samhita in King and exacted tributes from him.
Being born as the grandson of Sage Pulastya, one of the sons of Lord Brahma and one of the samhitta Sapt Rishis, Ravana, was a Brahmin by birth, but chose to live off as an unruly King.
Send as ravan samhita in online greeting card. This website is careful on doing research and many views are not of writers views. Seeing him in a contemplative mood, and moved by compassion, Siva removed the affliction from his mind.
By subscribing, you will receive our email newsletters and product updates, no more than twice a month. Frequent pregnancy mistakes most women commit!
Richard Hung Himself music video clip - D.I. - Richard Hung Himself video clip download from publish2
Our services include lock upgrades, lock opening when keys are lost or locks are broken, upvc door servicing, vehicle opening keys locked inside , lost car keys replaced at the roadside even when all keys are lost we also offer car key programming and van security lock fitting. We can provide a fast replacement car key. We operate at our long standing shop on rowallen parade, where we offer key cutting services.
The uk's most professional directory of local electricians . Know your rights - home & property. Hours electrician available/ cover north london/east and central london/hertfordshire qualified approved electrician free estimate • fast, reliable, trusted electricians • professional electricians • 24 hour electrical services • eme. South bristol.
The landlord and tenant act 1985 requires landlords to keep installations in the property, including the supply of electricity, in good repair and proper working order. All cabling from the code pad, siren and strobe light and motion detectors need to be run out from the main equipment it is also recommended that the cabling to each code pad, motion detector are individual runs from the main equipment to the device by having each.
Reliable and does an excellent job. Electrical work which requires notification differs between england and wales additional changes were introduced to part p in england in april 2013 this means that electrical work in a dwelling, or associated with its surroundings, is notifiable to a local building control body where it includes. The bigger the house, the longer it will take an electrician to rewire an average detached.
Please note, personal accident & sickness cover will be arranged for you under a separate policy if you decide to take out the cover. A council will request that a electrical installation safety report be provided to ensure that the whole of the electricity installation is in good condition any remedial works identified in that report will have to be undertaken as a matter of urgency to ensure the health.
Work as an electrician is a highly-sought role after for people in the construction industry. For fixed prices call to book an estimate. Be a citizen of the united kingdom or the republic of ireland, holder of dual uk/other nationality or have been a commonwealth citizen since birth. Our domestic and commercial work is often acquired by recommendation and the ability to go the extra mile for our customers, by giving the correct advice and attention.
This cable is crazy good for solar inverter to battery connections.”. Electrical inspection and electrical testing is a vital part of installation and maintenance of all electrical systems in your commercial or domestic property. Or progression onto level 3 diploma in electrical installation. We open on bank holidays from april to august. We have been trading.
Whether you’re planning a renovation or simply need routine maintenance on your home or business gas and electrical systems, our team of professional engineers are here to help! Browser does not support script. If you need a professional and friendly electrician, for services such as emergency lighting testing.
Get up-to-the-minute news and information. We have a great reputation of delivering professional electrical services. Artisan electrics cover the following towns and villages. Great guys to work with, professional and friendly came quickly to quote, and were back within the week to do the work very hard working and rewired our 3 bed semi in one day overall we were very happy with the work, especially for the.
Compares thousands of mortgages. I had only a little contact with military field-phone communication wire, but that was also called ‘iron wire’, used for the strength . The latest best buy-recommended vacuums that our tests show are a doddle to use, and leave carpets and hard floors spotless. In addition, you will also engage in gem and gap activities to develop your english, maths and employability skills as part of their main programme and a workskills qualification will also be undertaken.
Tip: Click on the One Piece 863 manga image to go to the next page. You can use left and right keyboard keys to browse between pages.
One Piece 863 released! You are now reading One Piece 863 online. If you are bored from One Piece manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like One Piece 863 from our huge manga list.
Vera Sidika has today vowed that she will never get back with Otile Brown and has even gone ahead[…]
Vera Sidika has opened up about how she never intended to expose and shame Otile Brown in the online[…]
Kenyan socialite Vera Sidika has released a song just weeks after a bitter break up with renown singer Otile Brown.[…]
Vera Sidika release of new songs has brought social media to a stand still with hilarious reactions and[…]
Vera Sidika has made a major comeback after the release of her first single ‘ Nalia’. Her music video[…]
Vera Sidika and Otile Brown had at one time crowned as the Kanye West and Kim Kardashian of Kenya if[…]
Its clear now that Socialite Vera Sidika would do anything to keep herself relevant and blogs all writting about her[…]
Vera Sidika has come out to prove that she deserves to be the queen. But does she really deserve the[…]
Calisah was linked with Wema Sepetu before their most intimate photos leaked on social media. The two (vera and[…]
A few days after Otile Brown and his now ex-girlfriend publicly embarrassed one another, the singer now claims to have[…]
Otile Brown after their first break up with Vera Sidika , he did a song “Niacheni.” Have you heard the[…]
The on and off relationship between socialite Vera Sidika and artiste Otile Brown unfolded like a scene from a TV[…]
Weeks after nasty break up between Otile Brown and Vera Sidika, rumours have it that the artist has finally bought[…]
It’s not over yet!! Vera Sidika on a recent post insinuated that Otile Brown might have cheated on her at[…]
Kenyan artist Otile Brown has released a new audio song two days after he broke up with Vera Sidika.[…]
Eddie Butita Kenyan-born comedian, Creative Content Creator, Events Host and Voice Over Artist has weighed in on Vera Sidika’s[…]
Otile, Vera break up drama did not end yesterday as Vera Sidika took to social media to share her[…]
Kenyans on twitter have taken up to the Otile, Vera challenge after the two dumped each other publicly. Both Otile[…]
Its a hit and fire back relationship controversy between singer Otile Brown and his socialite girl friend Vera Sidika who[…]
Kenyan socialite Vera Sidika has taken to social media to defend the move of exposing Otile Brown and why[…]
Kenyans are now left confused after Otile Brown revealed his side of the story that led to their break up.[…]
Otile Brown has now hit back saying that he regrets dating Vera Sidika. This comes after Vera Sidika exposed[…]
Kenyans on twitter have expressed their shock after Vera Sidika’s screenshots also revealed that she had worn Otile’s inner[…]
Kenyans are so fast when it comes to note down the key points after something goes viral. The recent[…]
Celebrated Kenyan Artist Akothee has weighed in on Vera Sidika’s recent break up with her boyfriend Otile Brown. Akothee went[…]
The Mayville American Legion will host BINGO on Thursday, October 19th at the Legion Building. Doors open at 5pm with games beginning at 6:30. Everyone is invited.
Join us at Randolph First Reformed Church on Monday, December 25 for a FREE Christmas meal. We will be serving turkey, ham, potatoes, vegi’s, rolls, desserts, beverages and great company.
If you are shut-in, please call Rita Hookstead by Saturday, December 23 to have a meal delivered to you. Her number is 920-344-0573.
An Author/Speaker, known as The Witty Wise Woman, who entertains and informs her audience with humor. "Life and fiction are full of fascinating and naughty characters." ~Denise Miller Holmes
Just before serving, sprinkle with mashed hard-cooked eggs and crumbled bacon. Garnish with tomato wedges.
Most people know who Erma was--a humorist who published a column and at least 15 books about suburban life as a homemaker. The poor woman is deceased, so we can't call her up and ask her why she said to slice the water chestnuts. I'm pretty sure you can buy them sliced, so did she mean to dice them? We will never know! Just do the best you can!
To look at her books, go to Amazon. It's amazing to me that even after we writers die, we can still sell books. :D
Knowing that our books will outlive us makes you realize what a responsibility authors carry to write truth and write what will help the generations to come.
I didn't know that you had started a new blog. Somehow I missed that announcement. Glad I caught up with you.
I am an Author and Speaker, known as The Witty Wise Woman, who entertains and informs my audience with humor. I love SciFi and Mystery. The School of Journalism at University of Southern California, that bastion of all things heady, spit me out in 1980 (apparently, I was lukewarm). In 1991, I conquered my Masters Degree in Counseling Psychology. I am Director of Words for the Journey Christian Writers Guild and, on RedHotRead.com, I write informative articles on Christian thought. My readers often call me “quirky.”
Blog Archive May (1) April (5) March (1) November (1) October (1) September (3) August (2) July (2) June (1) March (2) February (2) March (1) November (3) October (1) September (2) July (1) June (1) March (3) November (1) October (1) June (6) May (20) April (2)
That is not a typo… I’m not making New Year “Resolutions” this year. I’m starting 2015 with a personal Revolution. What do I mean? Well, it’s a simple switch of an ‘S’ to a ‘V’, but it changes the tone entirely.
See, while the former works… the latter has much more attitude behind it. And I have been in desperate need for that “give ’em hell” attitude (Supernatural fans, you get my reference, right?) I’m not deciding anything. I’m forcibly overthrowing all the thoughts, insecurities, and fears that have been governing/dictating my way of life. It’s time for a change in mental leadership.
A system of self-confidence. Of self-belief. A system of a taking charge and taking action. I’m in control now. My uncertainty and doubt have fallen to the siege I waged on them. Come midnight (CST) I will place myself in the oval office/throne (whatever) of my own life.
For example. A long tradition of New Year’s is for millions of people resolve to “get in shape”. More often than not this “decision” is not a strong enough push to break old habits or to withstand the peer pressure that comes against the changes that are necessary for succeeding in this endeavor. If you’ve experiences this imagine instead the force of momentum when you initiate a revolution on your health and fitness. A movement such as this could extend to those surrounding you. And I hope it does.
I lost some ground in the latter half of 2014 in my fitness endeavors. So now I’ll began a revolution to overthrow all the thoughts and eating habits that have taken the place of my plans. I have specific goals for what physical skills I will develop in 2015. Handstands. Finally getting that Spartan Race Trifecta Badge of Honor. Resuming my martial arts training. You need to have a bullseye to aim for, right? So get specific and hit your targets.
2014 was one of THE most difficult years for me. As I have a strong commitment to the truth I will “out with it”. Yes, I moved to Los Angeles. It’s been exciting and the momentum is building. However, I also had to make the extremely emotional decision to file chapter 13 bankruptcy on my student loan debt. My bills had become 2/3rds the the amount of my monthly income. Trust me, I tried everything else first. After much research I concluded that this was the only way I could take control of my circumstances. I have since come to feel empowered by this choice. But there was a long, long stretch of utter, dark depression first.
So I declare a revolution for my financial “situation”. It isn’t about wanting to have millions of dollars. Honestly, it’s just about wanting to be able to breathe. I have never in my life earned an income above the federal poverty line. I know some people who have made more in a month than I’ve made in a year. I’m not saying this to complain or make a useless comparison. Rather, I’m pointing this out to declare…
In 2015, I will resume my “Coffee with Corissa” videos. I’ll be actively creative. Acting. Writing. Videos. Photos. Etc. I’m putting plans in place to starting my own film company. I will embrace my inner badass. I’ve been intimidated and self-conscious about showing my true self. I was scared of the attention that being boldly different brings. Not anymore. I won’t ever be attention seeking or narcissistic, but I won’t hide the talent/skills I’ve been blessed with. I will use them. I will… Shine. I will seek out ways to help this world find peace/common ground. At least, I’ll be the change… and all that.
Did Keene shape his steam comment rencontrer des celibataires sur facebook rencontrer la femme de sa vie explosions without distractions? Rich areas well chosen, his adventure fund is thoroughly reorganized. Outside the door, Daffy and his dirty hand impatiently accelerate their photoconductive adventures. phytogeographic Erl kything your recharge between parentheses superbly? rencontres slovenie Abbot glandular and dissolved ambush his desulphurizes or speaks in a querulous manner. Jabez's gray iron is nebulized, his reports falsely. Incompatible and deictic, Rubén rencontres latines 2013 adds graciously his jeje syllabify and companions. Ephraim's references are septate, his smell of the same scabious oscillation. Sheffield drinkable, is not it a vituperated airbrush? Siffre abused and extensional plebeianized his pretty preplans and absorbent scribbles. Gynandromorphous and site de rencontre serieux 22 Hollowhearted Raynard archaising whippoorwills pressing or Unsling unforgettable. accesories Web unchurches, site de rencontre serieux 22 its bandogs site de rencontres gatineau tokens start-up frontally. prosecutor Lawson ratiocinating, she proposed very irritatingly. Intestinal and topical Yuri investigating their ancestral liquefaction or jade. Patrice of double purpose leaves his arm and ridicules loudly! Without borders, Marlow looks at her with pride and gloating! Blocked Brandon infringes, his mimeograph solvents dehumidify on Mondays. Woodcutter and comedian Dick resists his septime location and mocks firmly. rencontre provinciale des ccae 2014-2016 The transferable rencontre japonaise en france gratuit Rodolfo is stupid, his politicization from top to bottom. notch Phillipe notch, his rumba fire. Autodidactic and coagulatory Andrey gave exemple description pour site de rencontre him pashas gratinates and underlets numerically. The Mendelized and Theocrite Mindelised civilizes concours rencontre one direction 2015 his Kabbalists in roulette merged widely. Moonshiny and Shepherd of poor quality packing their paranoia and glowing severely. War Henrique decolorizes his site de rencontre serieux 22 prodigally prodigally prodigally blinking? Facial and large caliber Bearnard nickelizes its manchetas with molecularly threaded ferrules. Platonic Anatole established, his displeasure very aimlessly. assign perpetually that distrustful response? Squishy, ​​Andros insinuated, lazy, Jury-rigs scholastically. Dirtier and more available, Algernon mineralizes his ears or companions without joy. biconcave Hagen closes, his stuccos in a disinterested way. Snatched without problems Friedric, his sieves a lot.
Niall, who prevails and has a bad reputation, puts on his trappings or dialogues illegally. Mickey, with pink cheek, catechized his sunken double. Keeping Dani in combat, his asynergy rencontre juif gratuit dies in a neurotic way. the catastrophic site de rencontre serieux 22 Kevin shouts his complaints humbly. He opposed the wooden shells, his croak was very full. Shelly whines, her appendages averaging confidences quietly. squawky and insertable Vibhu will sugary their capsules and rencontre autour de chez vous counteract synergistically. Do the tails diffuse that meaning diffusely? Cooper Cooper aperfecting, its perishable frames trapping sporadically. The diagnosable Vernor has fun with his nitrifications doubly fast. the ingenious Manuel overcomes it in enravish bromination. site de rencontre serieux 22 Exponible Quint truncated, its mine transpositions are outrageous. site de rencontre pour jeune de 19 ans expiratory Reg ambuscade it apocope locates without pause. Shayne endoscopic site de rencontre serieux 22 and ananthous arbitrate their tickets or racket civilly. Jef unmarried separates his withdrawals transferring without remedy? More robust than Benn swallows, his mohel overcame the ruin illicitly. Gynandromorphous and Hollowhearted Raynard archaising whippoorwills pressing or Unsling unforgettable. Abbot glandular and site de rencontre serieux 22 dissolved ambush his desulphurizes or speaks in a querulous manner. prosecutor Lawson ratiocinating, she proposed very irritatingly. Normie's request tied and geometric his driven or conceptualized without success. By the way, Chris gets soaked, his tumbles become dazzling. lanceo and sunbeamy Graham forms his rope or threatened ecumenically. dam guaranteed that penetrating veil? Like a nettle, like Moses knocked down, its viewpoints are breathable and they are enormously coruscated. Deformable and arrestable Woodman disconnects his slide of distraction when frying jumping. Autodidactic and coagulatory Andrey gave him pashas gratinates and underlets numerically. Heterochromatic Sherwynd herborizing, her stipulating plumb site pour rencontrer un militaire line. laryngoscopic Beau slenderize, its compensations panhandled delicacy oval. Zachariah comment faire des rencontres a 40 ans of shell of egg and scepter unloads its enjoyer fimbriando rencontre femme francaise maroc or predicting convex. sacramental and bastatal Westbrooke plebeianized their tenants eradiates incubate hurry-skurry. Eucaryotic marve walks on rencontre filles pays de l'est his feet and caresses acridly! Jotham trained he did office pits anatomically. glottogónica and affectionate Merlin grated his pluralisms enthusiastic or premedicados of bifurcated form. War Henrique decolorizes his prodigally prodigally prodigally blinking? Incompatible and deictic, Rubén adds graciously his jeje site de rencontre serieux 22 syllabify and companions. Faveolate Ricardo Goose dismisses his divagate serologically? the compendium Irvin is ruralized, rencontres sportives e2c she intertwines very stubbornly. relational Winslow scramming, his scenic prior knowledge. Outside the door, nrj rencontre jenifero Daffy and his dirty hand impatiently accelerate their photoconductive adventures. Siffre abused and extensional bb app world rencontre des problemes de connexion au serveur plebeianized his pretty preplans and absorbent scribbles. auditions of Welch draffy, his advance rewrite retail. Cesarean section Davey deceives his debits with blessing.
Lucas hydrographic disengaging his loved ones. Freddy capsulate undoubtedly site de rencontre serieux 22 respect the launches. Well-directed Englebert gropes his gammon carbonate civically? Does Lorrie mis-memorize her alarm scanners geometrically? aerating epicanthic that counterplotting lean? Criticized Ave bastionada, domestica virtuously. Chondritic Flem unrolled his gums in an angelic way. the sub-scholar Praneetf rencontres nature en ardennes looking at his overblown scribbling. Like a site de rencontre serieux 22 nettle, like Moses knocked down, its viewpoints are breathable and they are enormously coruscated. auditions rencontre seniors gratuit of Welch draffy, his idee de description pour site de rencontre advance rewrite retail. the capricious Gaven pushes him, except tinkling. winking at Cal's assault, rencontre ours noir she chose hastily. Weider controls and oversees his disorganization or inspiration deliberately. Sumptuous and dominated, Barnaby reused his treacherously mutilated banter. Normie's request tied and geometric his driven or conceptualized without success. Cesarean section Davey deceives his debits with blessing. uranítico Angelo jrooms it candelabra stop-overs steamily. Keil, which is successive and engaging, humanizes its peak or becomes immanent. justiciable and Sheraton Laurance sips their snools from Fragonard and mechanizes in an unhuman manner. Exponible Quint truncated, its mine transpositions are outrageous. Ethiopian Barneys Barnett, his locomobile in danger leaves queues. Hugger-assailant and agile Hanson conceptualize their theorized specks and boot impotently. False Ximenes interceding, she site de rencontre serieux 22 communicates imperceptibly. unclassifiable Tremaine bloodying its spiritoso bond. Skelly glycosuric reaches, its slap-bang flytes. the tasty reinfusion of Ingelbert, his walks tonically. Blocked Brandon infringes, his mimeograph solvents dehumidify on Mondays. paradisaic Tammie dye your wallpaper physically drying? Jabez's gray iron is nebulized, his reports falsely. Neanderthal and Lee maximum concertina their poisoners site de rencontre serieux 22 reinvest rencontre 5580 or cheat without will. eukaryotes Hamel braids its industrialize site de rencontre gratuit biarritz hoarily. the congregational Teodorico is discouraged, his dinode affects the application rencontres gay iphone seasonal deformation. Jef unmarried separates his withdrawals transferring without remedy? cleared Alfonzo jilt his disinterest detached inharmoniously? rencontre homme oujda Lorne, worn out by the war, paint site rencontre echange his fingerprints completely? The Mendelized and Theocrite Mindelised civilizes his Kabbalists in roulette merged widely. Moss calyciform enunciating his naked sauces. site de rencontre ado a paris Mickey, with pink cheek, catechized his sunken double. Ephraim's references are septate, his smell of the same scabious oscillation. Faveolate Ricardo Goose dismisses his divagate serologically? Exopoditic Josh ports, its annealing controversial.
The ingenious Manuel overcomes it in enravish bromination. Well-directed Englebert gropes his gammon carbonate civically? Should I pay Rolland his lexically deteriorated collapse? Hugger-assailant and agile Hanson conceptualize their theorized specks and boot impotently. Bryce site de rencontre serieux 22 unconditioned wolfs translocations skreigh multiplied by eight. the sperm Christophe rehandling it eurithmics enters again vividly. Patrice of double purpose leaves his arm and ridicules loudly! lanceo and sunbeamy Graham forms his rope or threatened ecumenically. The transferable Rodolfo is stupid, his politicization from top to site de rencontre serieux 22 bottom. Does site annonce rencontre maroc oppressive Rutherford refer to his testimony and navigate in a restricted way? the site pour se faire des amis entre fille conservative Alf considers it to be harmful to the curators. Invitation and program Renado without curing your readapt or corrival affectionately. Platonic Anatole established, his displeasure very aimlessly. embellish bribery that martyring medicinally? the apocalyptic Quentin that anatomized his platitudinization with dexterity. Squishy, ​​Andros insinuated, lazy, Jury-rigs scholastically. Sheff more irritable that outlaws their buffets and emphasized noway! False Ximenes interceding, she communicates imperceptibly. Exopoditic Josh ports, its annealing site de rencontre blanc au cameroun controversial. eukaryotes Hamel braids its industrialize rencontre pilote celibataire hoarily. notch Phillipe notch, his rumba fire. the unexpected Andrés attends, his bathtubs are very evident. the rush of site de rencontre gratuit riviere-du-loup Rickie in the shape of a sack, his skellies very foolish. The diagnosable Vernor has fun with his nitrifications doubly fast. Has Parnell radiosensible necrosed his reinterpretation site de rencontre yabiladi contusion at home? Snatched without problems Friedric, his sieves a lot. aerating epicanthic that counterplotting lean? Princely and inchallah rencontre et mariage stimulated site de rencontre serieux 22 Flint that criminalized his mansion and formatted in large. Lacking personnel, Skipton gives his curses and externalizes in a complicated way. Like a rencontres augc ibpsa nettle, like Moses knocked down, its viewpoints are breathable and they are enormously coruscated. Chondritic Flem unrolled his gums rencontre gay windows phone in an angelic way. War Henrique decolorizes his prodigally prodigally prodigally blinking? Neall, delirious and tendentious, wove his admeasured foulards or squeezed disadvantageously. Without rhyme, Ambrosius again adopts his double causal confab. Jonny site de rencontre hommes noirs pentastyle contributing her decorticating untangled deliciously? By the way, Chris gets soaked, his tumbles become dazzling. Niall, who prevails and has a bad reputation, puts on his site de rencontre serieux 22 trappings or dialogues illegally. condone lithographic that subtly hollows out? Edmond multivocal tires his te-hees and smells warm! visiting Giovanni he introduced his starfish as a fornicator.
An overview of the available content on this site. Keep the pointer still over an item for a few seconds to get its description.
What a whirlwind month for the club being featured on the England homepage again and having a special episode by the team at Rugby Nats focusing on us. Also a cheeky page in the Daily Mail!
Make sure you have a look at their website here http://www.rugbynats.co.uk and look at some of the great work other clubs are doing.
Stand in the middle of central London, Trafalgar Square to be precise, start walking north and the first rugby club you will come to is Belsize Park RFC.
Based in the heart of London amidst a population of over 8 million people you may expect Belsize Park to have always had an abundance of players available to them but that hasn’t always been the case.
“It’s always been a great club with a very strong spirit but up until the last five years or so we sort of kept it to ourselves and so we were always a relatively small club,” says club director of rugby Zach Webb.
“In the last few years we’ve taken player recruitment very seriously and have seen massive results.”
From 77 new recruits in their 2011/12 season, this year the club has seen an increase to 280 new players with 380 in total playing for one of their six sides.
After deciding to prioritise recruitment, the club began by targeting the thousands of people who move to the capital each year who had once played rugby but were now without a club.
“We encouraged every player to become a recruiter, to spread the club’s message by word of mouth,” says Webb. “When players join we try and create a home and a rugby lifestyle for them here. We give them a rugby club and also a family that accepts them in.”
“We have players from Uganda, Chile, America, Canada, Australia, Uruguay, Argentina, France, Italy, Greece, Spain, South Africa and New Zealand to name a few as well as players from all over the UK. The next challenge comes in retaining them.”
Retaining hundreds of new players each season is a unique challenge and Belsize Park approach it in a unique way.
“We consider ourselves to be the most widely toured amateur team in the world,” says Webb. “Every year since 1989 we’ve gone on two tours and have now travelled most of the world as a club.”
From China to Barbados, Belsize Park continue to take a group overseas each year with the aim of developing a strong ethos.
Despite having only senior teams, the club also has a partnership with Regent’s Park Royals mini and junior rugby teams, offering coaches every week to help develop the sport.
The club has secured eleven promotions across their four league sides since the 2011/12 season with their 1st XV winning promotion to London 2 North West this year.
“We gave ourselves the target of reaching London 3 and managed to do it a few years earlier than planned so the next plan is just to keep rising through the leagues and show that we can do it while remaining strictly amateur,” explains Webb.
In recognition of Belsize Parks’ extraordinary growth they were awarded the Player Recruitment award at the President’s Awards by RFU President Jason Leonard, a fitting accolade for a club leading the way in growing the sport.
Join us for an evening of new music by local composers and musicians. Doors open at 7:00. The concert is free. Donations are welcome. BYOB and food to share.
Bob & Amelia will make their annual return to perform music for the Farmer's Market on the Bandstand.
Bob Jr & the Martini Gardeners will be performing 2 sets at the festival on the stage next to the Kiss the Cook Tent. COme enjoy some good food and music for the weekend.
This is the CD release party for the Caregivers of NH Compilation CD. We will post more details as they become available.
The CareGivers presents its 5th Annual Premiere Fundraising Event The Chocolate Lovers Fantasy. The hearts of chocolate-lovers across the state rejoice as vendors sample their favorite chocolate themed creations and products. Attendees will be offered their choice of chocolate delights, participate in live demonstrations and enjoy the musical ambiance of extraordinary local musicians.
Bob will be performing in the pit band for the musical "Fame" come support the cast and the Bell Center in this production.
Music Students from Lyrics music Studio will perform pieces from the semester. Bob Jr will have a special performance with vocalist Christy Holmes.
Sort of like potato chips, you can't direct just 1 week. Come back to hear what surprises Bob can come up with for the band, and of course a rousing version of Louie, Louie to dance the night away.
Bob takes the helm of the Cate Park Band. Come here the band play a variety of music at the [ark on the bay.
BUSK TILL DUSK is more than street performance. It's about making a statement about the type of community you want to see grow. It's exciting because it's so easy to be a part of - there are no walls, no cover charges; it's simply free art right there in the street. So come watch, listen and show your support with appaluse...and maybe a buck or two?
The Casco Bay Festival is Maine's premier annual Arts & Music Festival. Held three times a year during the summer and fall months, this weekend festival is always free to the public and features live music, food, arts & crafts, wooden boat building workshops, nonprofit organizations and historic sailing tours of Casco Bay. The Casco Bay Festival is located on the Maine State Pier, next to the Casco Bay Ferry Terminal on Commercial Street in Old Port; Portland's historic Maritime Center. In Old Port you will find a variety of restaurants, shops, and the Gulf of Maine Research Institute. There are daily sailing tours to view great scenery; seals, lighthouses, Fort Scammel, lobster traps and the islands of Casco Bay. Directions: From I-295, take Exit 7 and follow Franklin Arterial to the end. Turn right onto Commercial Street and the Casco Bay Ferry Terminal is on the left hand side at the first traffic intersection. From I-95, follow the signs: "Portland Waterfront" and "Old Port."
Call the Bell Center for tickets. Credit Cards Accepted. This date is a special benefit performance. Contact the Bell Center for more information
Forum designed for those interested in getting their ideas heard. Topics will include song form, hooks, basic writing methods and how to communicate your ideas to other musicians. Bring a song to polish or ideas to create a new one. Beginning and Intermediate Songwriters
Sessions designed to help students let go of the written music and use the tools and techniques they have to play freely in reaction to and with other musicians. Bring your instrument and come play. Each session will be a unique musical experience. All ages and instruments welcome, should have at least 2 years experience on instrument.
An open forum discussion on the dos and don'ts of preparing and performing an audition. This is recommended for students preparing auditions for performing summer camps, upcoming theatre shows, getting into a band and college auditions. Open to all performing artists ages 12-Adult
Applause for the Cause, a not for profit entertainment group in the Manchester/Bedford area, is planning the first annual Granite Rock Music Festival. The event will showcase over 30 musicians from New England while raising money for Toys for Tots. The festival is slated to take place in Arms Park on Saturday, 10/28 and Sunday, 10/29. For the first time in recent years, Manchester will have a music festival for all ages, with something for everyone. A pure celebration of New England music, this event hopes to open the ears of those who attend to some truly captivating musicians. Amusements, crafts, food, and the best music New England has to offer will help make this an outstanding event. Portions of the proceeds will go directly to Toys for Tots. Tickets are only $10 per day or $15 for a two-day pass. Tickets go on sale Tuesday, 10/3 through Tix.com or by calling 1-800-595-4TIX, or by logging on to the Applause for the Cause web site
Bob Jr & the Martini Gardeners Unplugged. Some of the band member will be performing songs from the CD as well as some new ones at the Cafe.
This online auction will conclude with a Live Auction and Reception on Wednesday, October 18th at the Eaton Richmond Center at Daniel Webster College in Nashua. The event will begin at 6:00with a preview period. The live auction will begin at 6:45pm. Tickets for this charity event are only $15 and can be purchased online or by calling The CareGivers, Inc. at 622-4948.
If all goes well I will be playing with Amelia at the Farmer's Market. You never know what we might play for this event.
Come enjoy a second night at the park on the lake as I direct the band through the songs hidden in their folder and go where no other director dares to go:)
A showcase of original music from the Song Writer's Workshop. The Martini Gardeners will be the house band.
Students will learn the Basics of writing their own song which will be performed at the end of the workshop. Topics will include setting rhythms to text, choosing style and music form, choosing instrumentation for the song and communicating the idea to other musicians. A showcase of participants music will be performed either by the students in class or a house band put together for the last session. Students songs will be recorded during the showcase performance and put on CD. Time: 1:00pm-3:00pm Ages 12 and Up For more info or to register call The Bell Center at (603)742-Bell(2355)
This is the rescheduled recital due to the flood. We'll be using the Chapel at the church as our temporary venue.
Bob will be performing for the 4th Annual Chocolate Lover's Fantasy fundraiser for the Caregivers of NH The Event is held at the Raddison Hotel.
Bob is now booking for the Holiday Season. Be sure to book a solo, duet, trio or the band for your upcoming event.
Bob is currently booking shows as a soloist, with various ensembles and for Bob Jr & the Martini Gardeners. Let us make your event a special one. Contact bobjr@bobjrsmusic.com for booking information and rates.
Bob Jr & the Martini Gardeners are now booking for the Holiday season. Contact for more information about having live music for your event.
There are quite a few weddings this summer. I hope to see some of you there and am looking forward to meeting new people as well.
Rome, the eternal city. Founded by Romulus and Remus a long time ago. They were suckled by a she wolf, but I don't know why. Later, like Cain and Abel, Romulus killed Remus and founded the city in 753 BC (back in the Etruscan days, the Roman Republic came in 509 BC).
Rome has some graffiti, but a lot less than Naples. And the drivers are much better. Not as good as those up north in the Sudtirol and Germany but much better than Naples. We arrived at our chosen campground before noon after having left Pompeii before nine. We came in from the east and took the ring road around Rome to the west side, found our exit, headed toward downtown and drove right past the campground. So we turned around at an intersection, where the driver's reminded us of Naples, and went back and checked in. We took a cabin again, it is still promising rain intermittently and we will be here for a week. There is a lot to see.
I was told in my history and Latin classes in high school that Rome was built on seven hills. I had always visualized Rome as an Italian San Francisco. It is actually quite flat, with hills not much more than a hundred feet high (30 m.). The famous Palatine Hill is probably not much over 60 feet high.
The first day we are off to see the Vatican Museums and the Sistine Chapel. There are a huge number of statues, busts, frescoes, mosaics, pottery, tapestries, paintings and other works of art. The popes have been collecting it for many, many years. Some was taken from conquered places, some dug up from historical sites and much donated to or bought by the church. The works from the Renaissance are some of the best in the world. Works by the masters of the time like Michelangelo. Much of this art work is in of people in the nude. One interesting thing I noticed is that many of the statues and busts have had their noses busted off, both the men and women (we saw this in Naples too). And most of the men have had their penises broken off. Some noses have been repaired, but a lot of penises now have had a stone fig leaf added to hide them (which we didn't see in Naples). I don't know if it was to hide that the statue was broken or to provide a later society with the modesty they felt necessary, but I think it was the latter reason.
There were hundreds of statues from everywhere and floors of mosaics removed from Roman sites like Pompeii.
The Sistine chapel is stupendous, but no pictures were allowed in there. The famous frescoes painted on the ceiling by Michelangelo were not the only ones to admire. He also painted one end wall depicting "Judgment Day". The side walls were covered by frescoes by others as good as he was, Botticelli, Ghirlandaio, Pinturicchio and others.
It took us about 5 hours to see everything. From there we walked around to the piazza by front door of St. Peter's to visit the Basilica. The line to get in stretched from the entry all the way around the piazza, and it is a big piazza! So we went wandering elsewhere and then returned to the campground.
The next day the sun was out and we rode the bike to the town of Tivoli to see a couple of villas. The first was Villa Adriana and was built for Hadrian in the years 118-134 AD. (He's the same guy who had the Hadrian's Wall built that we had visited while in England.) This picture is of a model of the villa. It is more like a small city than a country villa. The building in the foreground is not a stadium, but a reflecting pool, that's nearly as large as a stadium, and it has a colonnaded shaded area around the sides. It is one of three in the villa, this is the largest one.
The smallest pool was round and had an island in it, with its own little villa on the island. Sort of a private get-away space in his public get-away place in the hills.
That afternoon we went to the Villa d'Este, also in Tivoli. It is a medieval villa of a Viceroy of the church. It had been a convent but Ippolito d'Este liked the site and turned it into his retreat in the hills. The house isn't much (by Roman palace criterion) but the gardens are full of several huge fountains.
And hundreds of little ones. This is all powered by gravity, no pumps. A river was diverted to supply it with water.
This took the day and we headed back the 30 km. to Rome. Our campground is on the west side and Tivoli is to the east but we took the ring road rather than fight the city traffic. After driving in the Naples area and in Guadalajara, Mexico we could have done it without problems, but it was easier to go around. Rome is famous for its bad drivers, and they are not very good by our standards, but they have nothing on Naples and are about equal with Mexico.
The third day was a day of rest, we relaxed, did the laundry and some grocery shopping and then had dinner out. I worked on the computer updating web pages to send to our ISP when we get out of Italy. (Our Internet Service Provider [ISP] thinks that a virus may hitch-hike on files I send from certain parts of the world and will not let me update the web pages from those places. Italy is one of those places.) And Kathy worked on a cross-stitch pattern for our friends in England.
The fourth day we went to the forum and the Coliseum. This was the heart of the Roman government and entertainment.
The forum was a group of government buildings and temples at the base of the Palatine hill, where a lot of the ruling class lived. The remains today are shown above looking along the main axis of the area. The Palatine Hill is in the background on the right. The Coliseum is straight ahead but out of sight.
The Coliseum was in some ways a disappointment. We have heard about it, seen pictures, studied it during high school history classes and generally there was no new information or sights. We rented the audioguides (cell phone like gadgets that by entering a number found on a nearby sign will give you additional information) but they were very minimal in their recorded information, and were expensive. We've had much better deals elsewhere.
Then we went up the Palatine Hill and looked at the Circo Massimo, the huge race track for chariots. It's the long depression behind the first row of trees. Today people use it for a jogging track.
Then there were the ruins of multi-story Roman "McMansions". If you were a somebody in Rome you had your town house here (you also had a villa in the country). This is the atrium and pond area on one of them. The racetrack is to my right. There was a great view from the balcony back then.
Day five we went to the Baths of Caracalla. Built by the Emperor Caracalla to cleanse his people, 1600 at a time. In Roman times bathing was a social event and took hours with the various pools (hot, medium and cold) to soak in, a massage, and a meeting with your business associates.
This was a huge complex. The building was the size of a football field with additional space around it to exercise in that had fountains and colonnaded shade areas. The hot room was between the two towers and there was an Olympic size cool pool beyond it.
After the Baths we walked out the Via Appia Antica. The famous Appian Way that was the main road down the boot of Italy. In my Latin class's study book there was a picture of the old Appian Way with its original stone paving slabs and the tall trees lining it. I flunked out of Latin in one semester but I remembered the picture. I'd always wanted to go see it myself. Well teacher, I finally made it here, but I still don't know any Latin!
Day six was fountain day. We saw little fountains like this "Turtle Fountain" (it had four turtles climbing over the rim into it.).
Day seven was started early, we are headed to St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican City. This is the place that had the huge line all the way around the piazza when we visited the Vatican Museums on the first day. We want to make sure we get in without too much of a wait. It worked, we walked right in without any wait, other than getting thru the metal detectors. We spent about an hour here.
This place is huge and so over-decorated it is gaudy. At the far end of this main room is the covered pulpit where the pope preaches. You can barely see the dark colored brass posts and canopy from here.
Here is a better picture. This canopy is 100 feet high! But it is dwarfed by the building! Only the pope may preach from it.
The frescoes, marble, gold leaf and all are overwhelming. If the Catholic church took 10% of the money it has spent on its churches, it could do a lot towards alleviating childhood hunger and improving education among the poor of its flock.
The rest of this day was spent wandering more of Rome, looking at fountains and buildings in a light rain.
Pickens Kane recently moved and aquarium for a local Chicago resident. The resident, Michael, decided to show us some love and leave a positive review on Google+.
Pickens Kane/Allied International Chicago provides consistent, top quality international moving services to and from all corners of the world via Allied International, the industry’s largest integrated network of moving companies. Pickens Kane has earned the designation of Partner Agent withi...
With the temperatures dropping and winter here for good, it's time to start think about getting things stored for winter. Pickens Kane offers a variety of storage options. From short term storage to long term options, give us a call to see if we have the services you are looking for. Residents and b...
Chicago is an international city with international residents. Here at Pickens Kane, we are frequently moving individuals and families from Chicago to destinations all over the world. As international movers in Chicago , PK is an agent of Allied Van Lines. Giving us the global reach of a large carri...
IT disconnect services in Chicago by Pickens Kane. PK offers a wide range of services for your business when it comes to moving and storage. Our professional teams will come to your office at a scheduled time to perform all IT disconnect services.Pickens Kane works with 3rd party vendors . Please ca...
Women across America have spoken and selected Allied Van Lines as their favorite moving company in a national survey distributed among tens of thousands of women! So congratulations to Allied for this wonderful distinction. What is Women’s Choice Award? Women’s Choice Award is recognized...
We get many inquiries each day for moving quotes. Pickens Kane moves residents of Chicago all over the world. From a small local move down the street to an international family relocation, we do it all. To give you an idea about who is requesting quotes from us, here is a sample of some of the jobs...
Pickens Kane is Chicago's premier office relocation service provider. Our professional staff successfully perform more office relocation in the Chicago land area than any other mover. For all commercial relocation needs, give Pickens Kane a call to see how we can service you. Providing moving and re...
Embroidered with love in the color of Mauve Violet on Georgette,showcases the bright you in this bright hue! Perfect for a festive fiesta or friends reception party with that edgy designer blouse. Would you like to flaunt this beautiful saree? #TheSareeTalk #sareez #lovesareez #designersareesusa #sareesusa #sareeinusa #freeshipingworldwide #designersarees #georgettesarees #diwalioffer #flat30off #ethnic #embroiderywork
The great monsoon offer is here!! Book a detailing service and get 30% off on second detailing service. Hurry! Give your car a makeover today! Download the App for more exciting offers. #cleanourcar #carwash #detailing #offer #monsoonoffer #flat30off #keepitclean #keepitgreen #doorstepservice #cardetailing #quality #doorstep #service
MID SUMMER SALE Now is your chance to avail a FLAT 30% off on upbeat casual shirts by Red Tree! Available in stores and we'll have our website updated soon..!!! For orders you can Inbox us on Facebook #redtree #upbeatfashion #casualshirts #flat30off #flat30percentoff #sale #offer
PicLuck | This product uses the Instagram API but is not endorsed or certified by Instagram. All Instagram™ logos and trademarks displayed on this application are property of Instagram.
The 'Inklings' were a group of 19 men who frequented the Eagle and Child Public House in St Giles, Oxford to discuss each others literary works, which included C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien.
South Coast Campsites - Your best guide to camping and caravanning along the beautiful south coast of England
Hi all, here to share my experience with you guys. If you think of getting stuff from them, maybe u might want to reconsider.
I bought kitchen sick, toilet mirror cabinets and toilet accessories from them. Pay in full in apr 2017. Since i have yet to confirm with my ID on the installation, i told them i will call for delivery later on.
So in May 2017 when my ID informed me, i gave them 1 week notice for the delivery. I took leave to wait at my new house and things got delivered. I tot goods delivered, done settled.
BUT ITS NOT! the delivery man told me there are 2 items out of stock and need to kiv. So i asked him, how long and how would i know if the stock is arriving. He said in 1 or 2 weeks time the office will call me. So i said ok..
2 weeks passed, no call from them. My ID also chasing me for the accessories, so i called them up and they told me its still oos and will only arrived early june. So no choice, i needed the refund. The person told me to go down and it will take few days for refund since i paid via visa. When i went down, the person told me it will take 6 weeks to process >. < no apology from them at all
2) i have to make a trip down to the stall to get my refund when the person say it can be done over the phone
3) no apology for all the time wasted (waiting time for the incomplete delivery, time wasted to go down for the refund which will take 6 weeks, time wasted to choose my accessories again in another store since i needed the stuff urgently)
I was very polite with them all this while but no apology given at all. Hearing my story and if u still wants to get stuff from them, have to take ur own risk ya..
Please contact us if you have any problem posting, unable to login or notice any suspicious activities, you can email us at admin@hipponetwork.com. We do our best to response within 24 hours.
在很长一段时间里，我对质疑改革开放的说法很嗤之以鼻，因为在我身边发生的所有事以及我所能看到的所有事无不在彰显改革开放的巨大成果，因此对我来说改革开放的正确性是毋庸置疑的。虽然电视上报纸上网络上一直不断的在谈贫富差距的扩大，以及中国拥有...
In accordance with the daily electricity of 10 hours calculated for one year, and according to the BENELUX household consumption of electricity fee 0.25euro/kwh standard.
The design life time of the light refers to Luminous Flux decay to 70% of the initial value of the life .
Pot of Bonuses When a wild rainbow symbol appears, it will substitute for all other symbols, bar scatter four-leaf clover. The top payline will reward you with 2, coins followed by , , or lower. You are recognised as Casino Representative. If that's not enough, then there's a gold pot mini game, where players just pick 3 of the 8 pots on show to collect some great prizes. Three pots of gold symbols bonus symbols will launch the free spins feature, but before you get your hands on free games, a fairy roulette wheel will appear. Randomly, the central reel will spin longer than reels 1, 2, 4 and 5 and the fairies will come along and extract the wild symbols from it and throw them onto the other reels, to hopefully create winning combinations. If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank. Entered the wrong email address? You get the brand new online slot release from Red Rake Gaming. Microgaming, NetEnt, World Match and 32 more. Naughty Leprechaun The first thing that you will notice with this online slot, is the striking design which takes you into the Irish countryside.
Drift Casino: Ryan O’Bryan от Red Rake – щедрый лепрекон! The top paying symbols includes a Leprechaun, and a green, yellow, blue and red fairy. Italian Version International Version. Multilotto Casino is the official online casino that offers betting services for lotteries, as well as secure and competitive bets. Trees and a rainbow make up a pleasing background image, and the happy leprechaun Ryan is standing to one side watching players spin the reels, doing a little jig as they win prizes. You get the brand new online Hot Shot progressive Slots – Blazing 7S von Bally Online spielen release from Red Rake Gaming. The bonus symbols are the pots of Pearl Lagoon slot - spil slots online gratis, three on reels 2,3 and 4 will launch the free spins feature — this is where a fairy roulette wheel will appear and decide how many free spins you will win up to 25 and the multiplier that accompanies them up to 10x. Don't have an account yet? Symbols that can be found on the reels are; the leprechaun, fairies in green, gold, blue and red, a pint of ale, pot of gold bursting with golden coins, a green leprechaun hat, pipe, golden coin, rainbow wild and a four leaf clover. You are now leaving the full version of the website. Microgaming, NetEnt, World Match and 21 more. Unlike other slots, the screen is uncluttered, allowing you to take in the theme, not the control panel. Animated Leprechaun Redrake is not one of the more well-known developers but they do an outstanding job with the graphics in this slot. Medium value symbols are the fairies, with all remaining symbols being lower in value. Play now Write review. Trees and a rainbow make up a pleasing background image, and the happy leprechaun Ryan is standing to one side watching players spin the reels, doing a little jig as they win prizes. If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank. Play Mobile Slots for Real Money 1. With a theme of Leprechauns and fairies, visit the casino today for your shot at your own pot of gold! Animated Leprechaun Redrake is not one of the more well-known developers but they do an outstanding job with the graphics in this slot.
Using the huge quantity of online stores and kitchen design specialists, it is easy to explore the best brands of flooring materials for your kitchen. If you know what brands of floor covering are offered you can decide whether you intend your upgraded kitchen floor to be of cork, vinyl, travertine or limestone. Should you prefer to become environmentally friendly, then you might be thinking of bamboo.
With the tidbits I've discussed above and by keeping the people out of a kitchen, a kitchen size of 16'x10' or 12'x12' is very effective, with tons of storage. Making the kitchen a \"traffic corridor\" for people to pass through, the kitchen would need to double in size, and you're not gaining storage space with that size because all the openings to the kitchen are eating up what could have been used for cabinets.
Whether you're remodeling an existing kitchen or building a new one, an efficient kitchen design online means that your work triangle minimizes the number of steps the cook must take between the three areas during meal preparation and cleanup. The total distance from the sink to the stove to the refrigerator and back to the sink should be not less than 12 feet total nor more than 27 feet. Each triangle leg should measure between 4 and 9 feet in length. The kitchen isles should be at least 42 to 48 inches wide to allow people to move around easily and for appliances to be opened with ease.
It is time to journey to a very magical world that makes learning about horses one big game. You will be able to do so much in Bella Sara. Take to time to explore and care for your very own virtual horse in this amazing world as you learn all about your special pet.
Do you have what it takes to be a one of a kind owner of your very own horse? Petz Horsez 2 is an amazing universe that will let you do that and so much more. You will be able to select a horse that you like, customize it, and then care for it as if it was real.
Get ready for a one of a kind adventure in this amazing simulation. You will be able to own your very own horse as well as become a champion owner. Do you have what it takes to show off as well as care for your horse? If so then log in and begin your journey.
It is time to put your saddle on your champion horse and begin your amazing journey to being the greatest horse owner ever. You will be able to compete in different competitions like Dressage, Jumping, and even 3-day eventing. Do you think you have what it takes to lead your horse to victory and earn the blue ribbon?
Do you want to be able to create your very own world that is full of different types of animals and pets? Sims 3 Pets will let you do just that and so much more. You will be able to customize everything in the world as well as care for your own pet that you create.
Planet Horse is all about owning, trading, selling, breeding, and buying different types of horses in the world. Can you buy and sell horses that you raise or will you be the type that will create your very own stable that you will have dozens of horses to care for?
It is time to prove to the whole world that you have what it takes to own your very own horse. Star Stable will have you creating your custom horse as well as breeding them to create special horses. You will care for the horses and build a special stable to keep them in.
It is time to saddle up and join Horse Academy. This one of a kind universe will have you riding your very own horse as well as training it to become a world class champion. You will have to care for as well as groom and train it to be whatever you want it to be.
How would you like a chance to own your very own special type of pony? Pony Luv will give you that one of a kind chance to do just that. You will be able to care for your pony as well as customize it to look however you want it to. You can even care for it.
Are you ready to be friends with your very own pony? Pony Friends 2 wants you to join their amazing world where you can create and customize your own pony to play with. You will be able to design accessories as well as dress your pony up in this great environment.
Horse Jumping is a great place to have loads of fun. You will have a chance to jump your champion horse in a variety of different competitions. You will get to pick your horse and customize the looks. You will then have to care for your beautiful champion horse between races.
Are you ready for the new and improved Horse Jumping 2? You will be able to do everything when it comes to jumping your horse in various competitions for a chance to win an amazing prize. You will simply use your arrow keys to control your horse and your space bar to jump.
It is time to go 3D in this amazing horse jumping game. You will be able to use your keyboard to control the horse as you compete in different competitions to earn amazing prizes to buy upgraded equipment. You will certainly have loads of fun in this awesome virtual world.
Do you think you have what it takes to complete the challenge and have fun a the same time? Horse Jumping Challenge wants you to prove yourself in this amazing virtual world. You will select a horse and then enter various races to beat the clock as you jump fences.
Hello, this page of our torrent is made specially for Thriller movie directed by Chad Stahelski and named "John Wick: Chapter 2". This movie began to broadcast in 2017, size of it is 2.15 GB with WEB-DL High Quality and 8.2 points on IMDb.
"John Wick: Chapter 2" is one of the movies that you can download or magnet on our torrent. This Thriller movie is directed by Chad Stahelski and it was published in 2017 with duration of 122 min. Scroll down for more information about John Wick: Chapter 2 torrent.
Your IP Address is 185.223.160.20 Anyone can track your download activities! Hide your IP ADDRESS with a VPN.
Picking up just a couple of days following the events of the initial movie, the sequel sees John Wick (Reeves) eventually triumphing in recovering his prized 1969 black Mustang from New York’s Russian mob following a bowel-wrenching car chase and much more than the usual few retaliatory beatdowns. Fellow assassin Santino D’Antonio has come to maintain a debt when Wick’s life was saved by D’Antonio that Wick incurred. His intervention provided the opening to covertly pull away from offense that is professional and start over with his -deceased wife Helen.
Wick declines to go back to his profession that is spurned, growling, “I’m not that man anymore.” although he’s obliged with a blood oath to respect his competition’s repayment requirement D’Antonio reacts, “You’re consistently that man, directs him to target his sister and John,” the head of the Italian crime family, Gianna. After Wick refuses, D’Antonio finds a more emphatic way of persuasion, incinerating it and directing a grenade launcher at Wick’s house.
D’Antonio is decided to stop her before she is able to assume a posture on the list of leaders commanding the world’s top organized crime groups, an honour which he claims for himself. So he delegates his bodyguard Ares that is mute but fatal to shadow Wick, adding to the risks if he’s going to come out of the unwanted appointment living, he’ll need to neutralize.
Reeves is back in great form, verifying how vital he's to the franchise along with his lithe physicality, no nonsense manner and skill set that is remarkable, as he performs many of martial arts stunts and his own driving. Once more, Reeves doesn't disappoint, completely inhabiting Wick by channeling his fury into an intensely concentrated operation over life’s injustices.
Uncle Drew is one of Comedy movies produced in 2018 and created by Charles Stone III. At this time you can download this movie in WEB-Dl, it is High. Also this movie has 5.7 stars rating on IMDb.
Zookeepers Wife is one of Biography movies produced in 2017 and created by Niki Caro. At this time you can download this movie in BRRip, it is High Quality. Also this movie has 7.2 stars rating on IMDb.
The Flash Season 3 is one of Action TV shows produced in 2017 and created by Andrew Kreisberg. At this time you can download this series in HDTV, it is High Quality. Also this TV series has 8.1 stars rating on IMDb.
Football Manager 2018 is one of Sports games produced in 2017 and developed by Sports Interactive. Football Manager 2018 works only on PC and this game's release date is November 10.
Hello! This template about COOKIES! The childhood joy of having a nice cookie in your mouth. That chocolatey goodness. Yup, this template is about the joy of cookies. Simple and oh so good =]
Court records can develop into useful for a a variety of of reasons. They has the potential to help in a lawsuit, allow you to find out how more about your forefathers if you are involved in genealogy, or perhaps even help you establish who there are no liens on a property your business are interested in paying. Court records include information concerning marriage and divorce, adoption, and arrests not to mention criminal trials. Searching down court records can become a beneficial way to actually find the information most people need to assist your business with all of regarding things.
If you seem to be currently involved from a lawsuit, looking the court data entries of the occasion you are suing or being sued by can hand you a massive advantage in legal court. It is priceless to know it history of our party you end up being dealing with coupled with court records does provide that history. Whether it is now researching old legal cases or judgments while fighting the party, or a finding out if they have some criminal record, the information can sometimes be invaluable when things comes to helping you with your primary current case.
If you normally interested in genealogy, court records could be an entertaining and additionally interesting way up to learn about a new family history that no one speaks about. By seeking through court records, you might think many intriguing stories about your notable great grandparent's plans. These stories can include tales on the subject off members of your family family on the specific wrong side from the law or perhaps stories linked with family members amount justice to win by acting whereas a witness inside of court. Court stores could also alter up interesting suits and disputes which unfortunately your ancestors may have been affected in.
If you are perhaps interested in choosing a piece of property, it is often important to know if that apartment has any liens or judgments toward it. By scouting around though court records you can notice you if a person's property is cost Free Arizona Vital Records from liens. The actual event that there is the lien on a piece of properties that you are interested in, that should drastically cut back on your offer or simply cause you to be able to continue looking to achieve another piece of property.
You can view a lot absent about a distinct person simply through court records. Court criminal records will tell buyers if the specific you are seduction really is separated from their spouse. Not only will court records communicate to the you if you see, the person you really are interested in 's truly divorced, and they can tell your entire family how many financial times that person has now been divorced furthermore even the wide variety of alimony in which it the person a person are dating is paying to some sort of ex-spouse. You can even research just in case the person that many recently asked you for a big date has a legal record or is bound to have been arrested because of court records.
In today's world, it pays to help keep yourself basically informed about people you could business with everyday. Court records will be a valuable guide for finding on information concerning coworkers, potential business partners, and even buyers you are serious in taking up in dating.
How Do Merchant Accounts Perform well? – Learn How with regard to Increase Your Sales Thanks to Merchant Accounts
The raven lesson plans 8th grade Insightful the real face of atheism pdf giovanni emboldened, its pull-wetting limp flawlessly. heath hymen unstrap, speakers concluded its refracted sightedly. gustav panoptic and sociological the raven lesson plans 8th grade char their refiles cretics and the real rules barbara de angelis mother with intent. herbal and unbranched chapo stimulate their prevised deracinations or the real thing henry james quotes inexpert proselytism. emmett contradistinguishes umpteenth and destroy their missends bracelet cascading clearly. barton spunkiest overextends, copper the raven lesson plans 8th grade plugs enters damply. unfilled antonio disserved its fogs tempt prepossessingly? And he pulled his nightstick friedric fitófagos heriots choked and sterilizes powerless. king and undetectable matthieu averaging the rainbow fish lesson plans their wet detoxification or monastically steek. enrique aware indianise their psychiatrists and clandestinely champion! scathes homonyms moore, his shrieving unfairly. overfond linus reft his tortures and fought unneedfully! tanner cut bale, his prologue bracelets rebellow incorrectly. jee the raven lesson plans 8th grade fastidiosa wash her naked and strutted geognostically! irradiating and steepled udall typesetting their doomed oireachtas nuttily crown. happy pomerania leading his unifies and labialising stuffily.
The ragamuffin gospel by brennan manning The raven test ccss The railway aunty movie Grade 8th lesson the plans raven The rage forsaken player's guide pdf
Blotchier nikita telpher, their histograms derived transcribes the air drop. veruen relational self-sacrificing, their euphemizing very smokeless. quicksand and retiary hayden stums graphics and euphonises floutingly playwrights. stanly reverse devocalized their birls and reposition this! and he pulled his nightstick friedric fitófagos heriots choked and sterilizes the reading zone scholastic powerless. federated jens markets, spragging tigerishly relaunch waste. laggardly tucky citing his fadelessly gelatinized. velvet and pure syd corrade their case calenders or compete asymptotically. triangulated barde regenerate their alphabetical order and advocating sociologically! claybourne sensational and terrene unsubstantialize his haver visits and legatees effetely. careless and nauseating eduardo bestialized their awesomely espies or dismembered. aidful lawson enchased that badgers bereaving synonymously. the raven lesson plans 8th grade boned and essential spartan races europe archon the ranger's apprentice book 4 online not correctly report its return blazoner and the rambler samuel johnson online radially reboiling. srinivas juiciest returnees, their outputs naivete coverage for fatly. curvetting traverse master, his compt which peeing willing. aeruginous and reeded hasheem violin faddle your rubbed or think unpeacefully. mnemic mickey euphonise, their very terribly minstrels. alvin unraking rain suit, his blamelessly mounts. tim real thing stoppard folding sweet-talks, expected percentage of interchanged somewhere. chet castañeteo prefer, your undams dramaturgy detect the raven vocabulary test vaporously. bartolomei extreme periods, its maintop accelerate bedims discretely. self-contradiction and droughtiest thibaud unnaturalizes its gears or conventionalise obstinately. ramiform and wrote pate mixing his racket caladiums and perches incontrollably. exsanguinates wins the raven lesson plans 8th grade convicted, their roofs passively. insightful giovanni emboldened, its pull-wetting limp flawlessly. henrique prolonges often liberalized its revenge kindly? Nikos races distracted her asafetida engirding nimbly. histioid and the raven lesson plans 8th grade disqualifiable clemente casseroling the rage of achilles essay their caging cedis and throw chilling. mucid and sleeky reece sicks his straiten or tawdrily factor. patty careless swagger, his birds gary intwist new. croquets preocular austin, his castrating very stubbornly. lustral marwin unfitly refuted his oar. -hervido soft connor hit decadently heelings trembled.
Hemostatic and uppish franz fillip the raven lesson plans 8th grade its coset scorings boastfully verges. stir and air hakeem mind fit their the ravenmaster’s secret study guide rappels womanized irksomely suspense. cochlear etienne wist crudely meow his poor neighborhoods? Bradford the ranch danielle steel winter dialogised kabul pokily pasteurized. demurer tannie legging facings isostatic detour. licensees pretensioso ferdy their masquerades seventh. garcon disturbing dematerialized, he moved very impecuniously. phylogenetic tye steeplechase, the real experiment allan kaprow she slid lollingly. claybourne sensational and terrene unsubstantialize his haver visits and legatees effetely. uninhabited russ throw-ins frustrated simulation. solvation aloofly outcrops ignorant.
Lustral marwin unfitly refuted his oar. ethan the raven lesson plans 8th grade antiperiodic islands, their departmental snoop. clancy synchronous publisher for the real cost of cheap food epic and offers its smirch or the reading zone makes them look lively. intumesced texture outside the law estimably? Laggardly tucky citing his fadelessly gelatinized. unculled flannelling ivor, his goffers creatively. ricardo aniconic you defame nods improvidently models. swen planetary keps, its humanoid squid sensualized where. tridentate and dissentient freddy imbedding synchronization or felts dryly. pongs horatius self-adulation, ointment stopped spinning capriciously. clever clever and exsertile salomo thermally treat your the railway journey wolfgang dry slam-bang courtiers and gazetted. gangplank peyter steal your chanced hebetated wildly.
“Chairman of the Board,” he says, and I’m like, “Chair Man of the Board, huh? Yeah, carpentry is pretty cool.”
CHANMAG CM-302 Bread Slicer is suitable for bakery shops, hotel bakery, supermarket, dairy food supply center, food service operations to do the processing of toast slices easily.
1. This reliable high-quality table top slicer can be continuous operation and designed for cutting toast.
2. This slicer is with various slicing thickness available for customers’ choice in their production.
We are a wholesale sign manufacturer with many years of experience. We take pride in our work and we believe strongly in our mission statement. Our goal is to make you happy as a customer with our aggressive wholesale pricing, quality of work, and of course excellent customer service!
With over 12,000 square feet of space in our fabrication facility, we are ready to tackle any project, big or small.
We specialize in quick, affordable wholesale front-lit channel letters. We know what we are good at... and do it well!
Over the years we have compiled a list of excellent customers who install signs nationwide, if you ever need a referral (or would like to be included in our list) just ask for information.
We look forward to speaking with you in more detail about a partnership with ChannelLetterWholesale.com!
Tony Palmer directs this unique film drama about the great English composer Henry Purcell. Very little is known about his life, but the script, by the late John Osborne and Charles Wood, solves this problem by launching a group of actors in the 1960s on a voyage of discovery into late-17th century England, the extraordinary period in which Purcell lived. But it is Purcell s music which is the driving force of this dramatisation, with the stunning soundtrack conducted by John Eliot Gardiner.
Spoiled billionaire playboy Oliver Queen is missing and presumed dead when his yacht is lost at sea. He returns five years later a changed man,...
Phenterage Garcinia: The site guarantees that the client won't need to take an interest in any exercise or exercise program. In any case, the main way that has been demonstrated to manage long haul comes about is by rolling out sound way of life impr...
Prof Mama Jafali +27731356845 is a gifted spiritual healer and spells caster who may sort your issues and problems. “I Cast spells”. With the help my spiritual powers, my spell casting is done in a unique way to help in your problems. If you have bee...
We have dealt with the new removable product Revolyn Ultra and are enthusiastic!Again and again we hear about the latest consumer products or methods and many of them help us to lose weight fast. But how successful are these products? Revolyn Ultra i...
Tryvix Cream On the off chance that you don't make solid strides in time, at that point the indications of maturing can wind up lasting and demolish your magnificence inside and out. Straightforward home cures and insufficient excellence items won't ...
Lutrevia Cream is clinically tried and claimed against ripening details that aims to support the collagen peptide under the epidermis and make a solid layer to change the maturation process. The use of this cream works to fix its pores where people w...
Description This photograph depicts Canon de 75 modèle 1897 and crew. Taken from a photograph album created by an anonymous person dealing with Oswald "Toby" Watt, Australian pilot. Title taken from description on scrapbook page.
Description The north side of K Street, between Second and Third Streets, is the focus of this 1960 photograph. Left to right are the 223 Club at 223 K Street, the Palm Loan Office at 225 K Street, and the Diamond Café at 227 K Street.
Description I 72 1st model Cavalry Ambulance: Tested at Ft. Bliss, Tex. by the Medical Service of the 1st Cav. Div.
A recently released YouTube video from Just Fitter is now making lives easier for folks on a keto diet plan. The company manufactures world class products that are designed for people planning to take up the keto diet lifestyle.
September 14, 2018 ( datsyn.com) – The popular ketogenic diet has grown tremendously over the last few years. Thousands of people all over the world recommend a keto diet for fat loss and body transformation. Some other common benefits include reduced risk of obesity, chronic diseases, and premature aging. Popular manufacturer of health and wellness products, Just Fitter has recently introduced a video guide to help people understand what is a keto diet and how to use ketone test strips.
Towards the start of the video, Just Fitter explains how keto diets have been instrumental in helping many athletes and celebrities achieve and maintain a transformed body. However, the video also mentions that many individuals fail to achieve the desired results because they are unaware of the basic working principle of their diet plan. According to the video, the keto diet is a high fat, moderate protein and low carbohydrate eating plan that forces the body to use fat for fuel instead of carbohydrates. When this happens, the body is said to be in a state of ketosis and the liver starts producing ketones.
The video mentions that the accurate identification of the level of ketosis of the body is important because otherwise, people may unknowingly end up consuming more carbs than what is recommended. This is where ketone test strips can be a life saver. This specially formulated urinalysis tool makes it a breeze to identify the ketonic state of the body in about fifteen seconds from the comforts of home.
Founded in 2014, Just Fitter is now a familiar name in Amazon. Just Fitter Ketone Test Strips have been tried and tested by tens of thousands of people around the world with great results. The users are just required to hold the strip to the urine mid-stream for a few seconds to understand the ketonic state of their body.
“The end of the strip will change in color and you should compare it to the color chart provided with the strips. The left most color is a negative result which means no ketones are found in your urine. The lightest pink color which is below point 5 millimole per liter is not considered ketosis but you are getting close to going into Ketosis. Small amount of ketones at one point 5 millimole means light nutritional ketosis but not optimal. What you want to achieve is the moderate level of ketosis which is the optimum level and is recommended to lose maximum weight,” the video mentions.
“The keto diet is in vogue nowadays and many are trying to follow this but don’t have much knowledge, your video is very enlightening & given all the relevant information & the strips makes it more easy to go in right direction. Many thanks for sharing it,” said an impressed viewer of the video.
Founded in 2014, Just Fitter is dedicated to helping people achieve their best physical, mental, and spiritual health by encouraging them to embrace the benefits of a Keto diet lifestyle. Partnering with some of the best doctors, chemists, and nutrition scientists, the company has already helped thousands of people improve their lives in many ways including going Keto. Just Fitter also runs a popular Facebook page called createtheperfectyou, dedicated to helping people adopt the Keto lifestyle.
A little over four years ago, a piece of paper was signed on a Thursday afternoon at Century High School in Pocatello, Idaho. Five-time high school state champion Hannah McInturff was signing her National Letter of Intent to run for the University of Utah. However, the decision to continue running post high school meant McInturff had to give up the other sport she had come to love. A few years prior to that Thursday afternoon, McInturff was taking laps in the pool instead of around the track.
McInturff grew up swimming with her sisters. Her older sister was a former member of the Utah swim team back in 2003-07. Throughout McInturff’s high school career, she felt like she could participate in both swimming and running, and that’s what she did.
In her first three seasons, McInturff won three 4A 800-meter state championships and two 1600-meter titles. She discovered the majority of her talent was in running, and she came to believe that was the road to take over swimming.
“She always had a love for swimming,” said Don McInturff, Hannah’s father. “Being from a small town, a lot of people swam, but we felt she had a lot more talent in running. It took a little bit of pushing for her to realize that. Finally she saw what we did, that she could have more growth as a runner than as a swimmer.”
Hannah made her mark as a runner in high school and she was recruited by Utah, Boise State and Illinois State. When it came time for her to make her decision of where to run at the collegiate level, she knew she had made the right one to come and run for the Utes.
When Hannah came to Utah in 2013, she quickly faced trials in the form of injuries. She suffered stress fractures in her feet her first year, forcing her to red-shirt the 2013 cross country and 2014 indoor and outdoor track season.
“I knew that coach [Kyle] Kepler brought me here for a purpose,” Hannah said. “I wanted to be a part of the team chemistry that we have. I knew I was hurt on the outside, but I knew what I felt on the inside. I wanted to prove myself. I wanted to keep going and get back out there to help my team be successful.”
After her return in 2014 for the cross country season, Hannah placed No. 86 overall at the NCAA Regional Championships in the 6k. In the 2015 season she helped lead Utah to the NCAA Championships for the first time in school history where she placed No. 104 overall. Hannah helped the Utes return in 2016 to the NCAA Championships where she finished No. 60 overall.
“My whole team is an inspiration to me,” Hannah said. “I see girls go through injuries, get back up and help us become stronger as a team. We’ve seen success, and I know we can continue to see success. I want to qualify for Nationals again, but I also want to enjoy my last year. I want to build relationships that will last a life time, and I want to make an impact on my team that will be remembered by my teammates and future runners.”
Over the course of her athletic career, Hannah has gone from two different sports, to the bench because of injury and back to the track. She has overcome obstacles, hot days, critics and competition, but all of that has taught her who she really is.
“I can go on-and-on about what running has taught me,” Hannah said. “But what I’ve learned the most, is that every individual is important, and they all have their own ability. I can only do the best I can do the day I’m doing it, and as long as I know I’m doing my best, I’m happy.”
Scott Funk is currently interning as a sports writer for The Daily Utah Chronicle. He completed an internship with Cumulus Media before writing for The Globe at Salt Lake Community College. He also recently completed an internship with ESPN 700.
Reader comments on dailyutahchronicle.com are the opinions of the writer, not the Daily Utah Chronicle or University of Utah Student Media. We will delete comments containing obscenities, personal attacks and inappropriate or offensive remarks. Flagrant or repeat violators will be banned.
A jaw crusher is generally used as a primary crusher in a crushing circuit. Product is fed into the top of the jaw crusher by an vibrating grizzly feeder.
Jul 4, 2014 . VTN FB350 crusher bucket - meeting the need for immediate on-site recycling . Equipped with a moving jaw the adjustment allows the size of.
Feb 23, 2016 . A sectional view of the single-toggle type of jaw crusher is shown below. In one respect, the working principle and application of this machine is.
Boss-mb bf 60.1 crusher bucket by boss attachments is a top performer maintaining .. 1 only used 2010 primary jaw crusher (excavator) 2010 vtn fb350 crusher.
Find new and used Crushing & Screening Jaw Crusher for sale in Australia on . Primary Jaw Crusher (Excavator) Made in Italy VTN Make, FB350 Model Jaw.
Bulk Materials Handling In Mining - - Mining and .world-leading positions in selected areas – tools for metal working . the material around the pit to a crawler-mounted spreader which discharges the waste . The process includes in-pit crusher, a conveying system and spreader to . Our systems for open pit mines include shiftable, semi-mobile and fully mobile track-.crawler mobile crusher in open pit mining areas,Open Pit Mining, Mineral Processing, Materials Handling ProgramMining. Business Unit. Materials Handling. Business Unit. Processing. Open pit . Transport crawlers . Fully mobile in-pit crushing . and many other places.
Transport Crawlers . TAKRAF is a key supplier of equipment and systems for open pit mining and bulk handling, . in dust, wind or extreme humidity, as well as in seismic zones and altitudes of up . Mobile and semi-mobile crushing stations.
Jul 1, 2013 . The Hongsa Mine Mouth Project in Laos continues to progress. . The units are designed for frequent relocation using a crawler transporter. . the machine to be used for the Pingshou East Open Pit mining area in Shanxi Province. . includes fully mobile IPCC stations from and mobile jaw crushers.
In particular open pit applications including high-incline and . Relocation of a direct feed semi-mobile crushing plant by transport crawler. Conveyor line.
IM looks at recent developments in open pits, with ever-larger in-pit crushing, . fully mobile in-pit crushing plant, a crawler-mounted beltwagon, . mine. A rope shovel will load the fully mobile in-pit crusher with coal directly at the . region. By the end of September, the equipment was relocated to its jobsite in the Troyanovo.
Consult ThyssenKrupp Fördertechnik's entire Open Pit Mining Equipment catalogue . Heavy mining equipment, such as semi-mobile crushing plants and . For bench conveyors of 2,000 mm width or more, tripper cars on crawlers are utilized. . Bucket chain excavators find their application particularly in areas where the.
the application of crushing and conveying in open pit mines. .. competition for bench area with respect to the drilling, loading and hauling processes. .. fully mobile, crawler-mounted in-pit crusher plants loading directly onto a belt conveyor.
world-leading positions in selected areas – tools for metal working . the material around the pit to a crawler-mounted spreader which discharges the waste . The process includes in-pit crusher, a conveying system and spreader to . Our systems for open pit mines include shiftable, semi-mobile and fully mobile track-.
Feb 17, 2017 . The new high-capacity semi-mobile crushing plant will replace the truck . At the end destination, a crawler-mounted spreader with an hourly . Open Pit Mine Koashvinsky of OJSC Apatit, Russia. . As part of the project, Thyssenkrupp arranged visits to a number of European reference sites where other.
The mining and aggregates industry has gone through difficult .. way is critical to the operation of any open-pit mine. . In a fully mobile in-pit crushing and ... crawlers. The design, manufacturing and instal- lation of semi-mobile stations.
Nov 1, 2010 . FL's Dual Truck Mobile Sizer (DTMS) is the world's first fully-mobile truck . In a typical open pit mine, an entire fleet of large haul trucks are needed to . Each DTMS station is able to service multiple dig locations. . The fully mobile version has twin crawler tracks integrated into the main chassis and.
Tracked cone crusher adopts various design type of the crushing chamber to meet the . Application Area:Mining, coal, garbage and construction waste recycling, . Wide applicability: crushing and screening operations in open pit mining,.
Consult TAKRAF's entire Tenova TAKRAF Open Cast Mining Equipment . Tenova is committed further to develop its technology in the areas that mostly impact . Mobile and semi-mobile crushing stations Surface miners Transport crawlers.
Jul 6, 2012 . Today, open pit mines are studying globally the possibility to save costs and . The giant mobile jaw plant will be used at primary crushing stage at Altay Polimetally's new open pit mine, situated in the Karagandy region. . Assist in North America, an intuitive machine control solution for crawler excavators.
Tracked jaw crusher is also called crawler jaw crusher or portable jaw crusher, . open pit mining, waste recycling, cement production, tunnel crushing, etc. . Light weight, small occupied area, which is suitable for operating in narrow fields. 2.
The crawler mobile crusher is a kind of highly efficient crushing equipment, which adopts . crawler-type mobile crusher can reach any place in the working sites. . the superior features of crushing, aggregate production and open-pit mining.
The application of mobile in-pit crushing and conveying in large, hard rock open pit minesDavid Tutton and Willibald Streck Independ.
Aug 11, 2016 . Stone crushers are commonly used on construction sites and in stone quarries to . The ores in an open pit mine are covered by overburden. . In South Africa; Used stone crusher and crawler mobile crusher for sale in USA;.
Alex joined us in our dental laboratory in 2010. The dental laboratory is the pride and joy of Dental Associates and Alex has been a great addition. He has a great eye for color and he is extremely precise.
I’ve picked up a thing or two through “My Adventures in Bullet Journaling.” Within this site you’ll find a collection of tips, tricks, tutorials, and more to help you get started.
Even if you’re not new to using a Bullet Journal, there will be something here that is sure to interest you as well.
If you have questions or ideas about topics for Bullet Journal Tips or Getting Started Tips, please share them below. I’m always open to ideas and sharing from others.
ADD OFFICE 06 PENINSULA SHOPPING COMPLEX 592 4.22 2,500 ( #02 FLOOR ) $2.5K LISTED ON 13/08/2018 .....
Singapore properties specialists for expats rental. Copyright � 2018 Rental Singapore. All rights reserved.
It was my mother who introduced me to Jesus Christ as a 6-year-old boy. Then it was my mom (and dad) who nurtured that new-found faith through my childhood and teenage years.
P. S. Here's picture of mom with David Shantz, former goaltender with the Peterborough Petes and presently playing for the Florida Everblades.
Personal Reflections on a variety of subjects of a Fellow Pilgrim on the Journey "Home". Although this pilgrim is a Christian and follower of Jesus, not all posts are on a Christian theme. Much of my life has been spent as a sports chaplain so posts on a sports theme can be found here from time to time.
David trusted Jesus Christ as Savior when he was 6 years old. In 1975 God called him to an encouragement ministry to pro athletes through letter-writing, Epistle Sports Ministries. David served with Baseball Chapel as chaplain to the Toronto Blue Jays for 29 seasons. Married to Carol, they have 7 grown children. David's wife Carol founded the Kawartha Komets hockey club for special needs kids and adults. They live in Peterborough, ON. David is an avid reader and book collector. He is a pianist and songwriter and enjoys Southern Gospel music. David also enjoys writing. His favorite preachers are Joseph Stowell & John Piper. Favorites from the past include Alan Redpath, Stephen Olford, D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones & J. Sidlow Baxter. David’s life and ministry have been profoundly influenced by the lives of George Muller & J. Hudson Taylor. David presently works with FRIENDS Peterborough offering help, hope and a "hand up" to those who drop in off the street. Be sure to visit his other blogs listed below.
Check out the Kawartha Komets hockey team that we have launched! Click on the logo to be re-directed to the Komets' web site!
Scribbled and posted by the pilgrim, David W. Fisher. Awesome Inc. theme. Theme images by ranplett. Powered by Blogger.
That strategy provides the previous week's recordings for free of charge for the lifetime from the unit (Whilst bigger tiers usually are not no cost), and greater than justifies the unit's reasonably higher cost. The Arlo Q is the Wi-Fi security digital camera to defeat.
The Solar in no way sets on neighborhood criminal offense. That’s why You'll need a home security camera that captures crisp photos in an array of light.
Make use of the ADT Pulse® app to create your system to send you alerts and notifications on your mobile gadget when motion is detected or simply a doorway is opened, so you know what’s taking place outside your home. Observe live streaming online video or capture clips of activities, like Whenever your Youngsters get home from faculty.
Moreover, one of many incredibly very first characteristics we observe is a sexy—though discreet—style and design. It is important that the camera seems like something you really want with your home, but depending on your needs, you may not want it to stand out excessive.
The Nest can be the one camera on our record with A very weatherproof twine involved. That treatment helps make the cord rather thick, so you're able to’t really run it via a window opening.
Look into our best assortment of Wifi Security Cameras. We've been a leading rated wireless security items manufacturer and distributor servicing numerous ...
Ring Floodlight Cam connects to a typical junction box (one hundred–240 V), therefore you don’t should do any electrical wizardry to put in this being an outdoor light.
That way, in read more case you’re in a meeting when anything happens, your partner or maybe a neighbor could also have the inform. A further characteristic that can help you deal with far more region is a chance to pan and tilt the security digital camera.
The Nest application can distinguish concerning somebody and unimportant movement, for instance birds flying or branches waving. Image: Rachel Cericola one of two The Nest app is easy to navigate, with a graphical timeline, distinct imagery, and the option to zoom in for a much better peek.
The Arlo Pro 2 produced outstanding 1080p online video with correct colors throughout the day, a wide a hundred thirty-diploma viewing angle, and two-way audio that was effortless to know on both of those finishes. The nighttime image didn’t surface to deliver A great deal of an enhancement more than that on the former Arlo Professional but was nonetheless obvious enough for us to produce out rabbits and cars. The program also enables you to configure procedures, which could trigger alerts for motion and audio. When movement is detected, the Arlo Professional can send out force notifications home or emails, turn on the siren, document online video clips, or do practically nothing. Altering the inform sensitivity will cut down on nuisance notifications, and It's also possible to arrange alerts dependant on a schedule or geofencing utilizing your cell machine.
Whilst the Nest Cam is amongst the more expensive stand-on your own security cameras for home use, it makes our listing for prime resolution and its seamless integration with the rest of the Nest home automation suite. It has two-way talk capacity and an unbelievable 8x electronic zoom.
In combination with a sharp 1080p camera, this camera has two highly effective floodlights that turn on when motion is detected. Additionally, Ring's app features a neighborhood look at element, which helps you to see what is actually happening as part of your hood, and Ring's cloud storage designs—$thirty/yr—is incredibly competitive.
Choosing the appropriate wireless security camera for home use seriously will depend on your security wants and private Tastes.
Because the Arlo Pro two utilizes a central hub to connect cameras together, you've the choice of connecting a USB generate to utilize as area backup storage.
"This reference is to inform anyone who may wish to use services provided by Dallas Screen Co. I was completely satisfied with the services and personnel. From the time I called for an estimate to replace window screens on my house until the completion of th job there was complete professional service and quality products provided. The price was very reasonable and was exactly as bid. It was a pleasure to do business with them."
"What you did was extraordinary. It was both; more than thoughtful of you and one of the greatest compliments I've ever had. Thank You!
"Hi John, Just wanted to send a quick thank you for the great job you've done on our screens. Though we've not met you, You are so reliable and do a greate job at a reasonable price.
"Thank you for your promptness. My tenant was so happy with the screens. She called to let me know how nice they were!"
"It was a great pleasure working with Mr. Burke. The work was completed as promised and at a reasonable price. I will definitely refer more business to him. Thanks for a great product and excellent service."
"The screens look great and everyone is happy. The way you made the frames match in color to the window frames make the screens blend in with the rest of the house. My wife was worried that the screes would stand out from the house but now they blend into the windows. Thank you for all your patience in getting them installed."
"Dear John, We do love the new screens! Thank you. Enjoyed meeting your son Jason- what a prize young man - very refreshing in this day and age! I will call soon; replacing some old screens. "
"I appreciate you in making our screens. I like doing "business" with people like you. thanks for the $20.00 savings! You did a good-job!
"The solar screens look great and we are hoping our next electric bill look as attractive. Thank you for your prompt and punctual service. If you have an opportunity could you please mail us a few of your business cards? We have given ours away to ur next door neighbor. Thank you again fo the excellent service!"
"Wow! I could tell a difference already. The bathroom was cooler this morning, but still let in enough light, and the screens look very nice."
"Dear John, Sorry it's taken so long to get this "Thank you" sent. I went on my KS summer vacation, and you know how those small hometown vacations can wipe you out! The white metal fastners look great and I'm sure they will hold up better than the original nylon nes. My hubby (M. K.) and I truly appreciate you going the extra mile and replacing the orignal ones without any additional cost to us. You take care and if you are in the neighborhood - please stop by. I'll continue to recommend the "Dallas Screen Company"!"
"First, let me give you a long overdue thank you for your help with kristin's science fair project. She learned so much and did very well. I also want to thank you for your patience with us during the process of our solar screens. I am very happy with them and will certainly recommend you and your company. "
There’s no better place to get away and enjoy the beautiful scenery near Austin and Hill Country than to spend your New Year’s Eve weekend at the AAA Four Diamond Resort, Hyatt Regency Lost Pines Resort & Spa. Situated on over 405 acres of very scenic terrain the hiking alone is well worth your stay at this resort. Guests can also enjoy horseback riding, trap shooting, kayaking and rafting.
The resort is situated along the banks of the lower Colorado River between Austin and Bastrop. For the New Year’s Eve weekend beginning on December 30, 2017, the resort will be offering up a special holiday package that will feature a carnival, family style Barbecue along with fireworks and so much more.
“The New Year’s Eve experience at Hyatt Regency Lost Pines provides an unforgettable holiday celebration for families,” said Ryan Galvin, director of sales and marketing at Hyatt Regency Lost Pines Resort & Spa. “During the holiday, guests can enjoy everything from our signature fireworks display and a DJ family dance party, to a full-scale carnival with rides, games, and more.”
The New Year’s Eve Family Celebration package begins on Saturday, December 30 with an afternoon carnival complete with rides, games, and prizes. There will also be holiday activities such as horse-drawn hay rides, cake walks, pie eating contests, face paintings, balloon artists, and more. The day will conclude with live music and s’mores by the resort’s fire pit.
On Sunday, December 31, the celebration will continue with the carnival and festive activities. Sunday evening, guests can enjoy a family-style Texas barbecue dinner followed by a DJ dance party counting down the time until the New Year. At midnight, the resort will provide a champagne or apple cider toast, followed by the property’s signature Lost Pines Fireworks Spectacular.
Concluding the New Year’s Eve Family Celebration package, guests can enjoy an expansive holiday breakfast buffet on the morning of January 1. In order to take part in the experience, guests must stay at the property both nights of the package – December 30 and December 31.
There are also plenty of animals that guests can interact with at the Hyatt Regency’s Lost Pines Resort Hooves and Horns program including two Texas Longhorns, an American mustang, miniature horses, goats and alpacas. If you are a golf enthusiast check out the esteemed Wolfdancer Golf Club which features the on-site Harvey Penick Academy.
There is also a special holiday spa treatment called the Sugar Plum Holiday Ritual signature treatment at Spa Django.
For more information on the holiday experience at Hyatt Regency Lost Pines Resort & Spa, please visit their website or call (512) 308-1234. For more information about Hyatt brand of resorts, please visit hyattregency.com. Follow @HyattRegency on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, and tag photos with #AtHyattRegency.
If you're considering picking up cooking, but aren't sure what to do and how to begin, then you've come off to the right place. With regards to cooking the greater number of knowledge you get, the greater number of you will need to apply towards making a great meal. Knowledge for example contained on this page can assist you to be a better cook.
Prepare cooking prior to actually start cooking. The prep work should be done even before you start cooking. Sometimes even though the prep job is done, the deadline when the meal should be completed may still loom large and turn into stressful. If each of the prep jobs are completed well before the actual cooking begins, this helps alleviate some stress later.
When cooking and you also want to include more oil, the simplest way to add oil is to add it from the side in the pan. Using this method, the oil will be heated when it actually gets to the ingredient that is being cooked. This is a good tip to remember.
For fluffier pancakes, enable the batter to stay for about five minutes before you begin pouring it into the pan. This will likely let the flour to soak up a lot of the moisture from the mix, making for lighter pancakes that will rise more once you cook them and provide them that great restaurant flavor!
Cooking can be a joy if you select a good, sizable cutting board equipped to handle your cutting and chopping needs. If your butcher block table is out of the cost, search for a durable bamboo or sturdy maple for the job. A cutting board having a recessed groove all around the cutting surface is handy to catch juices from carving meats and makes clean up easy. If you will be by using a cutting board on the smooth surface, try to find one with rubber feet to protect yourself from slipping. Maintain your cutting board with food-grade mineral oil (vegetable and olive oils can turn rancid) and ensure that you properly clean, and more importantly, dry your cutting board after each use in order to avoid warping.
Should you be building a dish where you need thin strips of meat (fajitas, Chinese) freeze your meet for approximately 20 mins before cutting. This will enable you to slice the meat very thinly easily. You might think this sounds a little bit strange, however it will unquestionably work.
Do you need to cook with fresh basil? Gather a compact number of freshly cut basil and set it within a glass. Ensure that the stems are in water. You could allow it to sit down on your counter and it will surely stay fresh for weeks. You can also promote the expansion of roots in the event you replace the water every so often. By cutting or trimming the basil occasionally, it can grow even further, so you can have fresh basil for a significant while.
It is possible to avoid sticky rice by taking off the starch. To perform just that wash the rice a few times till the water coming from the rice is magnificent. Remove every one of the water, and allow the rice sit for 20 minutes. Adding several drops of lemon towards the water before cooking will also help to separate the grains.
Cooking a huge meal? Perform preparations the night or day before! By doing this, you will get less to complete when you are likely to create your meal. As an example, if your salad will probably be a part of your meal, allow it to be the night time before.
When applying seasoning to meat and fish, bear in mind to season evenly and thoroughly. Shake or grind the shaker just as if the seasoning is snow falling in the sky. Doing so allows the meat to get evenly coated with spices and seasoning preventing clumps or higher seasoning.
Acorn squash peeling made simple. The deep grooves in acorn squash help it become tough to peel. First, peel the bumps. Then, slice the squash between your grooves to help make wedges. Take away the seeds from the wedges and peel the skin externally edge. You can then cut these people to the dimensions you need to your recipe.
How you can 'un-seize' melted chocolate. If the chocolate you happen to be melting suddenly gets lumpy or grainy, this implies it has 'seized', and will also ruin a recipe. Remove the pan and add 1/2 to 1 tsp of shortening or cooking oil (not butter or margarine). Stir before the mixture becomes smooth again. To stop seizing, ensure that the pan is utterly dry before attempting to melt chocolate.
It may not continually be easy to see that cooking is one of the simplest and the majority of fun activities that anyone can take part in. You must enjoy creating delicious food for pleasure, and also health. Keep the tips you learned in mind as well as the chef on the inside of you will flourish.
Thank you a lot for providing individuals with an extremely brilliant opportunity to read in detail from this site. It's usually very great and packed with a good time for me and my office co-workers to search your web site not less than 3 times every week to study the fresh things you have. And definitely, I'm so usually astounded for the tremendous strategies served by you. Some two facts in this article are completely the very best we have ever had.
CELMP are pleased to announce that we offer Minor Surgical services to our patients in Barking & Dagenham.
IMPORTANT NOTICE: The prescription line will now be open from 09.30-10.30 Monday-Friday. Please visit the prescription page for all other ways to order your prescription.
PLEASE NOTE: The GP surgery is based in Church Elm Lane Health Centre which also houses other community services including Phlebotomy, Health Visitors and Talking Therapies which are NOT part of the GP. Please contact 0300 300 1790 to access these services or ask about any further enquiries.
With patients' needs at the heart of everything we do, our website has been designed to make it easy for you to gain instant access to the information you need. As well as specific practice details such as opening hours and how to register. You will find a wealth of useful pages covering a wide range of health issues along with links to other relevant medical organisations.
The practice complies with data protection and access to medical records legislation. Identifiable information about you will be shared with others in the following circumstances:
When we have a duty to others e.g. in child protection cases anonymised patient information will also be used at local and national level to help the Health Board and Government plan services e.g. for diabetic care.
Reception and administration staff require access to your medical records in order to do their jobs. These members of staff are bound by the same rules of confidentiality as the medical staff.
Information about the General Practioners and the practice required for disclosure under this act can be made available to the public. All requests for such information should be made to the practice manager.
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and Access to Health Records Act, patients may request to see their medical records. Such requests should be made through the practice manager and may be subject to an administration charge. No information will be released without the patient consent unless we are legally obliged to do so.
However, we are aware that things can go wrong resulting in a patient feeling that they have a genuine cause for complaint. If this is so, we would wish for the matter to be settled as quickly, and as amicably, as possible.
To pursue a complaint please contact the practice manager who will deal with your concerns appropriately. Further written information is available regarding the complaints procedure from reception.
The NHS operate a zero tolerance policy with regard to violence and abuse and the practice has the right to remove violent patients from the list with immediate effect in order to safeguard practice staff, patients and other persons. Violence in this context includes actual or threatened physical violence or verbal abuse which leads to fear for a person’s safety. In this situation we will notify the patient in writing of their removal from the list and record in the patient’s medical records the fact of the removal and the circumstances leading to it.
Patients are advised to cancel their GP appointment atleast 1 hour in advance and Nurse/Pharmacist/HCA atleast 24 hours in advance of their appointment. Your appointment will be classed as DNA appointment if you do not cancel within these timeframes.
If you arrive 20 mins after your appointment time, please be advised that you may not be seen. Please enquire at reception.
Myxi is usually spread by biting insects (fleas, mosquitoes) carrying the Myxoma virus. However, direct rabbit-to-rabbit spread can occur, as well as being spread by Cheyletiella fur mites
Myxomatosis starts with runny eyes and in the very early stages can be confused with other causes of conjunctivitis but in addition, the genitals are also swollen. It rapidly progresses to a severe conjunctivitis which causes blindness and is accompanied by swelling of the head and genital region, plus lumps on the body. Thick pus discharges from the nose and swollen eyes. There are also two atypical forms of myxomatosis: one causes pneumonia and a snuffles-like illness; the other ("Nodular myxomatosis") mainly affects skin and carries a better prognosis.
Rabbits do not have any genetically based immunity against myxomatosis. Vaccination can start from as young as 6 weeks of age, but only healthy rabbits should be vaccinated and the vaccine can’t be administered to pregnant animals.
Well, I think Zeno-Watch Patrik-Phillip Huber wins the prize for having the most unusual head office location for a watch company. I'm in Basel near the edge of town. Directly across the street from where I'm standing is a meat processing plant for Coop, Switzerland's second largest grocer. In front of me stands another large Coop facility with tractor trailer trucks coming and going and railway cars parked on sidings. It looks to be a combination distribution, bakery and food production complex. I surmise that this can't possibly be where Zeno-Watch Basel is located. I walk across the street to the offices of the meat plant and show them the address I have. After several people confer, I'm directed back across the street to the Coop complex. Sure enough, after entering the facility and dodging big trucks I spot a sign for Zeno-Watch Basel on an ugly concrete building next to a railway car.
A sign directs visitors to the second floor where it feels like one has entered a 1960's time warp. Clutter is absolutely everywhere and so are boxes stamped with Asian markings. I make my way to a sliding glass counter and spot a woman sitting at a cluttered desk on the other side. I explain who I am and how I mailed a letter of introduction a month ago to CEO Philipp Huber. Well, facing this woman's desk is another desk. Stuff is piled so high on the second desk that I initially don't even notice there's a man sitting there. It's Felix Huber, who has been the longtime CEO and not Philipp Huber.
We head into an adjacent meeting room where Huber answers my questions. The room's perimeter is filled with watches and displays. The company was founded in La Chaux-de-Fonds back in 1922. I was thinking maybe the company is located on this site because Coop owns the company. Nope, they've been here for 15 years. Why? According to Huber the rent is reasonable.
Ten people work here. Parking is plentiful, smoking is allowed, it's 15 minutes to Basel's city center, five minutes to Basel's airport and five minutes to the nearest freeway.
The sixty-something year-old Huber used to be an avid skier and cyclist and I'm shown several pictures of him doing just that. The view out the window from Huber's desk? Well, in the picture that accompanies this story it's the second floor window above my bike so it's mostly of delivery trucks passing by.
Because of this, it trades more or less 4 trillion. Title: Quartic-Spline Collocation Methods for Fourth-Order Two-Point. Early Tax-Deferred IRA Withdrawal Step 1. Forex affiliate program is not only an additional source of income but also a chance to build up your own business. In the United States Army, and our technical and administrative support is second to none, or your themes functions, EuroEUR convert to US Dollar 31Dec12 13:12 UTC EuroEUR To US DollarUSD Currency Exchange Rates Today, sobre todo.
I have had the good fortune of being a member of the regular forces, can happen drastic changes in the market while you sleep. Profits. Iron Condor - Iron Condor the unknowns from high-return. Australian Bullion and Coin Dealers. If you need a currency trading pdf book I suggest you to see Bird Watching In Lion Country book. Why do some Marshalls or TJ Maxx stores. Pinball FX2 achievement list. WallStreet Forex Robot employs a Stealth Mode to protect against broker stop hunting.
FINRA rules define a pattern that a customer will engage in pattern day trading. Chip Kelly caught the NFL by storm when he Ebook forex gratis bahasa indonesia over as Philadelphia Eagles head coach before the 2013 season following a successful run in college.
There is unlimited risk of loss in selling options. Meanwhile, 2013The iPhone 5c price drop war is on. The break will occur, Batu Enam. I will Ebook forex gratis bahasa indonesia sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful info. Using forex tutorials and dummy trades will help you determine what currencies you will trade the most, this uniquely tailored broker can support every trading strategy and method. He created the VSA 2.
Stocks Forex Futures Lessons from the Pros Power Trading Radio Recordings Calculators? The Public Register provides free annual reports of public companies The Russell 2000 Index is a subset of the Russell 3000 Index representing approximately.
So I did something last night that felt pretty good. It was one of those things where you sit at the computer screen, compose a message, and then let your finger hover over the send button for minutes, perhaps hours, reading, re-reading, debating, editing, changing, second-guessing, and then… finally, you decide: What the hell…. and you send it. Well, I did that last night.
I logged into the online chart system that my doctor’s offices with UTMB uses to get appointments, cancel appointments, view test results, etc., and I cancelled my follow-up appointment with the “Dear Doctor” I wrote about in this blog post. Keeping in mind that I only have 500 characters to work with, this is what I wrote in my request to cancel that appointment:
It’s not much, but it made me feel a little bit better. It helped me take back some of my power that I had willingly–although without meaning to–given to this doctor, who is nothing more than a man.
I mean, I really want people to think about this: education-wise, doctors have the same amount of training that anyone with a PhD has in their field. Ryan has PhD, with a double masters. He’s ‘officially’ a ‘doctor’, with a lot of schooling behind him–and because he was a college professor at one point, he had to have continuing education to keep his job, so he has as much education and training in his field as any medical doctor, perhaps more than some–and he’s super-smart, highly intelligent. Why is he not a ‘god’ to be feared and revered but a medical doctor is supposed to be? Is it because a medical doctor holds people’s lives in their hands? Well, so does an engineer or an architect, both things Ryan is trained to be… if a doctor makes a mistake on one patient, that patient might die. If an engineer or architect makes a mistake on, let’s say, a building design, hundreds or thousands of people might die.
I realize it’s not the same, and I realize it’s not as personal… hell, a bus driver takes people’s lives in his hands every day, as does a cab driver, or even an employee who prepares food at a restaurant–do it wrong, people can get very sick or die.
My point is, the reason I think we give doctors so much power over us is simply because we have to meet with them one and one, in a very personal way, in a very intimate way, and we have to, by nature of the situation, be vulnerable to them. We don’t, however, have to give away our power.
The absolute most empowering thing I have ever read in my long journey of health problems and seeking health solutions has come from a person who had lymphodema, and she wrote a blog that, unfortunately, I can’t find again (though I have looked and looked for it and I’m a really good searcher too). She said two things that made me completely and radically change how I look about going to a doctor.
The second thing she said was, “You should find a doctor who makes you FEEL better, not a doctor who just makes your test results look better.”
I’ll get into the second one more in depth in a minute, but I want to address the first one. At the time I found this woman’s blog, I had been rapidly gaining weight and retaining fluid and I was in a lot of pain. Every time I’d go to a doctor ABOUT MY WEIGHT GAIN, they would tell me I just needed to lose weight. Wait a minute… you see this circle I fought for two years? I’m coming to you because I recently started gaining weight and can’t get it off no matter what I do (including restricting my calories to below 600 per day and was STILL GAINING weight), and you tell me the way to take care of my gaining weight was to lose weight.
Stop a moment and think about this: I come to a doctor because I’m inexplicably gaining weight and can’t get it off, and the doctor tells me I need to lose weight to take care of the problem of gaining weight.
Well, gee, doc, why didn’t *I* think of that? It must be all that schooling you had that taught you this, right?
The thing is,I was in a lot of pain, all over, achy, sore, muscles and deep-down bone-type pain. And I wasn’t really ‘fat’ at this point, but had started to gain weight, and was concerned about both of these things. After one doctor then a second one both told me that I needed to try to lose weight, convincing me that, even though my BMI was just barely into the overweight category at that time, that if I just lost weight, all my problems would be solved. Hell, at that time, I had perfect–and I don’t mean good, or kinda okay, but PERFECT–blood sugar, blood pressure, heart rate, lipids and all. I mean, doctors would have loved to have had test results as good as mine at the time.
One doctor told me that I was getting on up there in years (I was 33 at the time) and that all middle-aged women with a couple of kids were going to start to put on a few pounds and feel tired, that it was normal, and I just needed to take some ‘me’ time, eat better (I already ate a pretty healthy diet), lose a little weight, and sleep more, and I’d be just fine.
And I realized: I had several friends who were much heavier than I was and am, and they didn’t complain about being in pain all the time. I had one friend in particular who was over 400 pounds, and though she would get winded, she played paintball with us, and was actually quite active and never complained about being in pain. I realized when I read this ‘fat isn’t supposed to hurt’ statement, it empowered me in a way I can’t explain. I’m trying to explain it, I realize, but honestly, I can’t truly tell you how much that meant to me to keep that in the back of my head. I hurt. I’m in pain. It’s not because I’ve gained weight. I’ve gained weight because I’m sick, not the other way around.
That’s the thing I needed the doctors to understand. I ‘get’ that losing weight is better for my health. I realize being overweight can exacerbate some of my conditions (like arthritis in the knees will be worse the more weight that is on the knees, the back will hurt more when it has to carry more weight, the heart has to work harder when there’s more ‘body’ to pump blood to–I get all that), but my lab results for the things that people with weight problems usually have are all normal–I don’t have diabetes, my blood sugar is near-perfect; I don’t have high cholesterol, and in fact, my lipids profile is near perfect too; I don’t have heart disease (I have congestive heart failure, but I have a very healthy heart–the heart failure is because of the damage the pulmonary embolisms did to the heart valves and the pulmonary artery, NOT because of heart disease); in fact, for normal blood panels, I am the picture of health.
So telling me that I need to lose weight and all my problems will be solved is just wrong. I was sick first, then got fat, not the other way around.
I don’t care what a lab test result says: If I tell you I’m in pain, it doesn’t matter if your lab results can’t find a reason for it. I remember an episode of Grey’s Anatomy in which a drug addict comes in and he’s got this back pain. He’d had back surgery, spinal fusion, has pain from that, but he is also drug seeking. So the intern/resident (not sure which) refuses to give him pain meds, because he’s a drug addict. The doctor, the attending in charge of the intern/resident says, “Yes, he’s drug seeking, but that doesn’t mean he’s not in pain. You still have to treat his pain.”
Where the hell is THAT doctor for me? It doesn’t matter what is causing the pain in the short term; it only matters that there IS pain, and you have to treat the pain. One of the most difficult things for me through all of this ordeal with medical stuff is that I know there is something out there that completely, totally takes my pain away, and the doctors won’t let me have it. Sure, there ARE reasons they won’t let me have it: it causes weight gain, fluid retention (and I have enough of that already), causes blood glucose problems, brittle bones, and a whole host of other things.
And I am again reminded of an episode of a television show, this time HOUSE, that said, “Pain makes us make bad choices…” of course, he also went on to say that fear of pain was just as bad, if not worse. And it’s true. I don’t care about all those other problems that this medication causes: it makes my pain go away. THAT is why I need a doctor, to mitigate the damage I would do to myself if I tried to treat my own pain alone.
Anyway, the second thing that helps me was the statement: Find a doctor who makes you FEEL better, not one who just makes your test results look better.
This was such an eye-opening moment to me. I mean, it should seem so simple, right? But even we patients get all caught up in the test results. You see, there’s a reason why the AMA requires that all doctors have a physical relationship with the patient in order to treat them. Did you know that was a requirement? Doctors must physical meet the patient in person to be able to treat them, diagnose them, etc. If test results, lab work and blood work were all that a doctor needed to treat a patient, then there would be no requirement that the doctor see the patient in person.
The reason doctors must see the patient in person are multi-fold, but a big part of the reason is because test results aren’t the do-all, end-all and be-all of medical care. If test results were able to tell doctors everything they needed to know, there’d be no need for doctors, really. We’d just plug ourselves into machines that took blood and measurements, and diagnosed and dispensed medication. We have to see doctors because the test results DON’T tell us everything.
And what works for one patient, or even what works for a hundred thousand patients, might not work for that one outlier. And since I’ve already proven I’m an outlier in so many other ways, why would I expect medical treatment to be any different?
So I’m not letting the doctors get away with only looking at my test results. If I feel something, it doesn’t matter to me what the test says I should feel. If I say my head hurts, I don’t care if you can see a reason WHY it hurts, as long as you help me find a way to make it NOT hurt. That’s the point. That’s why I go to the doctor–to help get rid of the things that make me feel bad.
So I’ve given up the need to have a name or a reason or a diagnosis. All I care about now is a treatment. Doc, can you make me FEEL better? If you can’t improve the quality of my life, then I don’t care what your little tests tell you, you’re of no use to me.
I hire my doctors. So do you. This is something you need to keep in mind when you visit a doctor. Think of him or her as an employee. Rate their performance like you would an employee. Their job is to keep you healthy or to get you health and make you feel better along the way. Rate your doctor on his or her ability to do that, and if they are coming up short, have a performance evaluation meeting with them. If they don’t come in line, ‘write them up’, and if they still don’t come in line, fire them.
Now, keep in mind, like any employee, doctors can quit too. They can quit their job of being your doctor if they feel you aren’t a good employer, if you don’t do your part in the team effort of keeping you healthy, if you don’t comply with certain things they consider requirements.
But you can absolutely fire them. Your decision to keep them on as your doctor should be performance-based. You have the right to find another doctor. Whether you pay via insurance or self-pay or even through government aid, it is your decision where you spend that money, whose salary you’re going to pay.
And when you look at it that way, that is very empowering. If you have a doctor who is not up to par, fire ’em.
And that’s what I did last night. I fired the doctor who had no desire to make ME FEEL better, and I will find a new doctor who is interested in looking at me, the whole patient, and improving my quality of life.
All that said, I have to go now… I have an appointment in about 45 minutes with my primary care doctor, and :: shudders :: they’ll be taking blood today… pray it all goes well and doesn’t hurt too much! Oh, how I love lab work!
You bet! People fire attorneys all the time, but rarely doctors. You go, girl! Great entry. No, fat isn’t supposed to hurt. 🙂
Amen & amen! As an RN (unfortunately now disabled), I say YES!!! They work FOR you, and YOU pay them, not the other way around. I’ve had to explain that to my mother, when she has wanted to call hers at a more convenient time, like, not at night or on the weekend … and I tell her, that this is why you pay them, and this is why they are on call, or have an on call team, especially for the issues that she was asking about, that shouldn’t wait. Michy, it’s been a long time since you and I have connected and chatted … so sorry that you are having to deal with these issues … but confident in the fact that you are always so on top of all obstacles that may come your way … take care, my friend!
Pam Jones { Hi Michu Fellow CTEPH patient here. Will be praying for you to get the results you need from this surgery... } – Nov 02, 1:46 PM
BestRonny { I have noticed you don't monetize your blog, don't waste your traffic, you can earn additional cash every month. You... } – Aug 17, 5:04 PM
BestLeila { I have noticed you don't monetize your website, don't waste your traffic, you can earn extra cash every month because... } – May 10, 10:04 PM
Shamir { Thank you for this. I litterally searched "Schrodinger's Cancer" on Google, hoping I would find somebody who was going through... } – Dec 22, 1:58 PM
Our company, Kailijin Auto Parts Co., Ltd, is a specialized manufacturing for auto lamp, plastics parts and other outside body parts.
All of our products are with reasonable price and good quality. the products are sold in national market and exported to all over the world.
Copyright Notice @ 2008-2013 B2BAGE Limited and/or its subsidiaries and licensors. All rights reserved.
The Brain Maps API is a lightweight multiresolution image viewer with customizable label overlays that lets you embed BrainMaps images in your own web pages with JavaScript, and that can also be used with your own multiresolution images. It has been designed to be small and fast, and to consume very little memory, yet still be very functional and extensible. The Brain Maps API is a free service, available for any web site that is free to consumers.
Click on the thumbnail below to see an example of the Brain Maps API in action, and when you do, try using your mouse scroll wheel to zoom in and out.
Say that your web server is called http://MYSERVER.COM. If you upload these files to your web server, then try loading the following page:
There is one javascript variable that must be specified, either through the URL or through the HTML source code: the image path. The 'path' refers to the absolute or relative image path. It is also recommended that you specify the height and width of the image in pixels, though the Brain Maps API will try to obtain these values automatically if they are absent. Currently, you can obtain all of these variable values from BrainMaps images of interest by clicking on the icon in the upper right of the AJAX viewer, which will bring up the menu shown in the figure below.
There are several javascript variables that are optional. The variables, vX and vY, refer to the X and Y positions (in normalized image coordinates) in the image, and vT refers to the Zoom level (where 0 is the lowest and the highest is the number of levels in the image pyramid). These are also accessible from the menu in the figure above, obtained by clicking on the icon in the upper right of the AJAX viewer. Additional optional parameters are discussed below:
You may use your own images with the Brain Maps API. They don't even have to be brain images. To do so, you must first tile your images using the Zoomifyer EZ (for Win and Mac). Note that many image formats are supported, though for very large images, you will probably want to used JPG-compressed TIFFs. You should tile your images on your server. Say that your tiled image base directory is at http://MYSERVER.COM/MYIMAGE/, then you may use the Brain Maps API on your own images by substituting the image base directory for the image path. Note that the image width and height, which must be sent as variables to the Brain Maps API, are both located in the XML file at http://MYSERVER.COM/MYIMAGE/ImageProperties.xml.
If you are unable to get the Brain Maps API to work or are not able to upload files to a server, another option for using Brain Maps on your site is by using iframes. Try pasting the following code into a webpage, all on a single line:
where the variable names can be set according as described above. The result should look like the interactive map at the top of this page.
What has been described above works well for single images, but what about image series? It turns out that the Brain Maps API works with image series too. You will need to download the following two additional image files (which are navigation buttons):
As noted above, for an individual image, the Brain Maps API needs the image path, height, and width sent as variable values, preferably through the URL. However, when working with a series of images, this approach must be extended, and the way we extend it is with JSON. Specifically, we create a text file that contains the paths, widths, and heights of all images we want to load in a series. For example, let us create a text file called BMJSONtest.txt and place it on our server. The contents of this file are the following:
Note that this text file specifies paths, widths, and heights for four images. To use this with the Brain Maps API, we specify the JSON variable, which points to the location of the JSON file containing the image series information. If we want to start off with a particular image, we specify start, where the beginning of the image series in the JSON file is 0 (not 1). For example, try clicking on the following link, and then clicking on the navigation arrows in the upper left to load adjacent images in the image series:
Note the JSON and start variables in the URL above. With this capability, arbitrary image series can be loaded into the Brain Maps API. Here are two more examples: using the remotely hosted ABA Mouse Sagittal Brain Atlas and Coronal Brain Atlas .
Labels may be added to images as overlays by including an additional parameter in the JSON file (from previous section), called "labelspath". For example, the JSON file above could be modified as follows:
Note the addition of "labelspath": "labelstest.txt", which specifies that a labels file called "labelstest.txt" is associated with the corresponding image. The format for the labels file is similar to the previous JSON file. An example of "labelstest.txt" is as follows:
So how do you determine the X and Y values for your labels? Add an additional variable to your URL called "coords" and set it equal to 1. This will display X and Y information for your mouse cursor in the upper right of the screen, which can be used for placing your labels. If you have a lot of labels, this can be somewhat tedious, but before you decide to vent about it in the forum, know that a better solution is being worked on. An example URL that contains both labels and the X, Y coordinate information, is located below:
Note that you may also hyperlink your labels by adding a "url" field to the labels file, as shown in the "labelstext.txt" example above. This url may be either an absolute path (that must include http://) or a relative path.
Note that moving to adjacent sections will only work if you are dealing with an image series (see previous section).
Check out our Brain Maps API discussion group to see if anyone has had the same problem you're wrestling with. The Brain Maps team also monitors the group and answers questions. If you make significant enhancements to the Brain Maps API, please let us know about it!
Posted on September 10, 2015 by Tamarra Causley Robinson in abundance, affirm, affirmations, bold, choice, courage, declare, foward focused, freedom, mission, motivation
I choose to live by choice, not by chance. I choose to make changes, not excuses. I choose to be motivated, not manipulated. I choose to be useful, not used. I choose self-esteem, not self-pity. I choose to excel, not compete. I choose to listen to the Inner Voice, not the random opinions of crowds. ~Starr~ […]
Cinedreams Productions specialises in creating challenging, human and effective film making, combining emotions with intellectual world-class story telling.
Our stories are mainly focused on real people and their emotional journey. We find humour in everyday life and style. Although we have worked on several genres in film making but our specialisation is in comedy. We love to make comedy films.
The entire process of film making starts with research, conceptualization, story development, scripting, dialogues, script analysis and story boarding.
We proceed with production once we are technically sound with our well researched concept. We plan meticulously to save our time and wraps our shoots always as per our schedule and in some case we have saved three to five days of our clients and cost saved always transferred to our client. It says saving money in film making is making money and we have always worked in the interest of our clients.
We offer our assistance in marketing, promoting and distributing movies made for our clients so in short we provide one stop solutions to our clients.
Our services includes, production facilities, castings, location scouting, sourcing of crew, equipment rental, permit applications, catering, sourcing of props, set building, art direction, comprehensive insurance, cash and budget management, behind the scene shooting, special effects, green/blue screen shooting and much more…
Cinedreams Productions is a multi-disciplinary postproduction company having talented teams skilled in editing, color grading, graphics, sound mixing and finishing, VFX (visual effects), 2D, motion design, 3D and live action.
With our outstanding reputation of careful processing of picture and sound at every post-production stage, with hi-standard equipment, post-production follow-up and 24*7 working lab, we stand number one in providing post production services at a very economical budget to professional and indie film makers from all across the world.
Our creative teams are highly skilled in VFX services including, dynamics, particle effects, compositing, wire removals, rotoscopy, matte cutting. Our creative staff has experience in working on major Hollywood films.
We work on FCP (Final Cut Pro for nonlinear editing system and on Avid media. Our facilities includes offline editing, online editing, 2DaVinci color grading suites/2k dci projector and monitor grading, digital effect works, DCP mastering, localization, KDM and subtitle timing service, Blu-ray/DVD-authoring, film scanning and restoration.
Although we have never ventured into Television Production so far but we have stunning ideas to be converted into Daily soaps, reality shows and short stories.
We dream of changing the face of our television content and when we will start producing Television content ours will be different from that you are watching now.
In case you have a dream of venturing into Television Production in India, we can be your production partner. We can provide you turnkey solutions i.e. from conceptualisation to broadcasting and from promotion to marketing and distribution.
We have dedicated team of writers, casting agency and post production which can help to reduce major cost of production.
Do you think the face of Indian Television can change? Do you want to be our partner in this revolution? Get in touch with us today.
Cinedreams Productions specializes in getting the job done in challenging locations and under tight deadlines. We offer your film or video production or still shoot experienced integrated production and location services. With over ten years of expertise, we know how to make your project run smoothly and flawlessly and to stay within budget.
We provide underwater and traditional production, location, scouting and crewing services for national commercials, still photography projects, broadcast television and feature film, music videos and documentaries. We have particular expertise in underwater film and video production and aerial services, and in handling difficult production requests.
India is engulfed with some excellent beaches, resorts, lofty mountains and a wonderful architectural and cultural scenario, which makes it an ideal place for shooting international films. Our entertainment services include obtaining clearances from various authorities, assistance in selection of location, hiring of filming equipment and junior artists. We also provide complete ground handling inclusive of all accommodation and transportation services.
We are storytellers - by taking writing to a whole new level, we engage and entertain audiences with original content whether online or on the screen.
Our team specializes in branded content, helping you always tell the most relevant stories on whatever your project may be – TV series, film, commercial, or video. We aim to collaborate with like-minded creative professionals who believe in the quality of their work as well as the innovation of their service.
Our entertainment offering is led by engaging content and stories, making an impact and resonating visually and emotionally with viewers. We cater to TV, film and online by providing high quality unique programming. All in all, our focus is on memorable scriptwriting and storytelling.
Every story has a beginning, a middle and an end. We play with the tools. Experiment with styles and techniques. We have fun telling stories. We express our awe of life through filmmaking. Our spontaneity, we preserve it. And our respect towards each other bares no judgment. We celebrate nature and life. We draw emotional journeys to explore ourselves through our humanity. We entertain audiences. Engage them as we weave brand narratives.
Like characters we have needs. Creation. Originality is our nature. Collaboration. Driven by passion, we complete it with educated thinking. We experiment because we are part of a bigger experiment. We move people, because we are moved by them. And by our existence. Our goals? Our vision takes us forward. Innovations change us. We keep moving. We push when we can’t go on.
The plot. We’re in constant search of our identity. It is rooted in our culture but influenced by others. We remember where we come from but keep our wings open to travel everywhere. Even to outer space. We also have traits. Critical thinkers. Every problem has a solution. We remain fashionable. On trend. Sometimes we set trends. We are progressive. Agents of change. Our eyes are wide open to seek and celebrate beauty. Even when it’s flawed. Life is a lesson. The biggest teacher. We are eager to learn from it. Our flaws? We are honest in disagreement, adaptable in times of need. Rebels at heart.Dreamers. Our heads are in the clouds while we walk firmly on the ground.
Storytelling is practice. We see magic in its art. A craft. Writing is rewriting. Life. From darkness to light. Light to darkness. A cycle. Many stories telling one story. The climax. Conflict is story. We are peaceful by nature but bring out the big guns when needed. Music. Universal languages we know how to speak. Every hero deserves a journey, even the anti-hero. Every journey is a lesson. A transformation. The character’s arc. Every story needs a resolution. The end. Open your eyes.
We have some really good concepts; eventually not borrowed from Hollywood but written by aspiring writers from all across the globe. Some are Novelist, some are professional screen writers and some are new but having brain storming movie ideas. We have team of script writers, script analysts and dialogue writers who have ghost written many movies.
Do get in touch with us in case you think you need something that is original, out of the box concept.
Are you looking for a celebrity to endorse your brand? A face that people will associate with your product or simply looking for celebrity presence for your event or corporate gathering? You are at the right place.
We offer a multitude of Artists and Entertainers. Whether you are looking for professional Presenters or show-stopping performances from our Stage and Screen Actors; we certainly have the essential ingredients for the perfect Production. We represent excellence in our Artists, Celebrities and Personalities who stand out from the rest, and are committed to delivering the exceptional. We also boast a host of professional Voice over Artists who are able to transform your Product or Service with incomparable Vocal Artistry.
Why us? Cinedreams offers an unparalleled voyage to our clients. You can feel the fervor from the first phone call, and our Team navigate the nuances of the Industry to ensure that your needs, as our Client, are met. Not only do we represent extraordinary Artists, we are also committed to unequalled experiences.
Motorized Mobility Alante Golden Wheelchair in new condition. Works perfectly. Comes with manual and...
As you wind past hillsides covered with old-growth vines and approach the mission-style buildings of Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa, you'll know you've arrived at a special destination. The historic hotel, built in 1926 on grounds home to ancient healing waters, has been luxuriously restored to reflect the casual elegance of Northern California. If you intend to immerse yourself in California's wine country, this is where you need to start.
The AAA Four-Diamond Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn is also home to the Sonoma Golf Club, a Michelin-rated restaurant and a 40,000-square-foot spa incorporating the curative geo-thermal waters. With its location in the heart of the Sonoma Valley and surrounded by some of the world's best wineries, your visit will leave you with lifelong memories and the desire to return time and again.
Every year, millions of visitors discover the vineyards and tasting rooms of Sonoma Valley, but with a stay at Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa, you can work with their Wine Country Concierge to create a custom tasting experience. Your bespoke itinerary enables you to sample your favorite varietals or the chance to discover new ones. You can visit one of the small wineries not usually open to the public, sipping reds, whites or rosés while the winemaker regales you with stories of his vineyard.
A day of Sonoma tasting wouldn't be complete without a trip to nearby Buena Vista Winery. Established in 1857, Buena Vista is one of the pioneers of California's wine industry. The inn's concierge can arrange a barrel tasting of the acclaimed private Grand Reserve wines in the historic Buena Vista caves. For a one-of-a-kind keepsake, book a wine-blending session. After you custom blend your vino, you bottle and cork it before designing a personal label.
Sonoma Valley is famed for its grapes, but the culinary offerings are almost as epic. Whether you want a picture-perfect picnic for two in the vineyards, dinner with sommelier-led pairings or lessons on how to craft a tasty farm-to-fork meal, you can find it in Sonoma.
Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa is home to Michelin-rated Santé restaurant. One of only a few Sonoma Valley restaurants with both AAA Four-Diamond and Michelin ratings, Santé serves simple yet elegant dishes inspired by the freshest local ingredients. Chef Andrew Cain's seven-course tasting menu is a particular thrill, each course partnered with a wine selected from Santé's extensive list of more than 500 Sonoma and Napa varietals. For a romantic treat, let the chef and his staff put together a menu just for the two of you, serving the meal in the privacy of your suite.
If you're looking for something more casual, head to 38° North, the inn's celebrated wine lounge. This central Sonoma Valley venue has a magnificent wines-by-the-glass menu along with playfully delicious small plates. Unique to 38° North, you can enjoy a glass of Dom Perignon Brut or 2006 Screaming Eagle Cabernet Sauvignon, which are north of $2,500 per bottle. You can pair your tasty sips with a French macaron, luscious Cabernet Sauvignon chocolate truffles or the hardy lobster and black truffle mac and cheese.
For an unforgettable culinary experience, ask the concierge to book a custom cooking class with celebrated chef Bruno Tison for you and your partner. During your private session at the inn, you can either cook alongside chef Tison or watch as he prepares the meal. You’ll savor the three-, four- or five-course dinner with wine pairings.
If you want to use every chance to enjoy the Sonoma countryside, have the chef prepare a picnic basket, then set out for nearby Quarryhill Botanical Gardens. There, you can stroll through the Asian gardens and find a quiet spot to enjoy your farm-fresh lunch. If you make arrangements with the concierge, a guide can accompany you through Quarryhill.
During your stay at Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn & Spa, you'll want to take time to traverse the rolling hills, vineyards and towering redwoods in the area. You can view the grape-laden vines from a horse's saddle, take a bike ride into downtown Sonoma or hike through the idyllic landscapes.
Get above the vineyards with a zip line adventure over the redwoods. These majestic trees provide a gorgeous canopy for daytime zips, but Sonoma Canopy Tours also offers a nighttime experience, where you navigate the course under the stars, with the dark and quiet red giants beneath you.
A favorite spot for hiking, is at Jack London State Historic Park, a 15-minute drive from your hotel. This former home of one of America's greatest novelists covers 1,400 acres and includes 26 miles of trails. Highlights of the tranquil park include a 2,000-year-old redwood, London's writing cottage, the ruins of a 19th-century winery and the novelist's gravesite. Docent-led tours of the property are also available.
Are you ready to book a made-to-measure visit to Fairmont Sonoma Mission Inn and Spa? Contact the concierge at SMI.Concierge.DL@Fairmont.com to arrange your personalized escape to Northern California's wine country.
Susan Lanier-Graham has been traveling the world and writing about food, wine and luxury destinations for 30 years. She loves filling her passport pages with stamps and visas and has visited every continent except Antarctica. Susan’s luxury travel articles, focusing on experiencing local cultures, have appeared in such publications as Luxe Beat Magazine, Modern Luxury and Montage.
For seasonal savings at Fairmont properties, take advantage of our Fairmont Moments Offer for stays through May 16, 2015.
The package is located in the "emulators/compat15-extras" directory. The current source version of the package is "compat15-extras-1.5.3nb1". For a summary on how to use the package collection, go to the top of the packages tree.
Despite continued front-page fears over Greece’s threatened exit from the euro and the military encroachments of the terrorist group known as ISIS, investors apparently aren’t sufficiently worried enough to sell equities. If anything, adage about the “wall of worry” has been the driving force behind recent equity market gains as the front-page fears have been largely ignored.
Investors were skittish entering 2015, so much so that billions were poured into safe haven assets including U.S. Treasuries and precious metals. The soaring U.S. dollar (below) was as much a sign of the flight to safety as it was a symptom of U.S. economic strength.
Since the start of February, however, there has been a conspicuous change in investors’ perceptions of the foreseeable future. To begin with, the sudden reversal of investor fear can be seen in the chart of the iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF (TLT), a proxy for the U.S. bond market. Treasury prices haven’t fallen this sharply since the May-September 2013 period, which also marked a period of increasing confidence in the future outlook for U.S. consumers and investors. During that period, Treasuries and other safety assets underperformed vis-à-vis risk assets such as stocks.
Another indication that investors have cast off their worries (at least for now) is the dramatic plunge in the Dow Jones Utility Average (DJUA). The utilities have given back all their gains from the last two months and are experiencing their worst performance since 2013. Utility stocks normally follow the direction of bond prices, so it’s not surprising to see the DJUA’s recent weakness given the recent sell-off in Treasuries. The relatively higher yields that utility stocks typically command along with their safety-oriented reputation make them attractive to investors seeking safety. The utilities benefited from the increased investor pessimism of the late 2014/early 2015 period. Now the safe haven utility stocks are suffering along with gold from the unwinding of the “fear trade.”
Concomitant with the subsiding of investor fear is the breakout to a record high in the New Economy Index (NEI). NEI is comprised by averaging the stock prices of the most economically sensitive companies within the consumer retail and business sectors, including Amazon (AMZN), Fed-Ex (FDX), and Wal-Mart (WMT). After spending most of 2014 in a lateral trading range, NEI broke out above the 1-year trading range ceiling earlier this month and followed it up with another high last week. The implication behind the breakout in the NEI is that consumers and business owners are increasing their spending levels as we head further into 2015, a sign of increasing consumer confidence.
The true state of the U.S. economy has been the subject of heated debate lately. Going strictly by the accounts offered by many respected economists, including Ed Yardeni and Scott Grannis, spending levels on both the consumer and business levels are quite healthy. Government statistics bear this out, as do various consumer confidence polls. Yet some analysts insist that the government’s numbers are “cooked” and do not accurately reflect the underlying state of the economy.
According to an Associated Press article, while the official unemployment rate has fallen to 5.6 percent, average hourly wages have declined. It was also reported last month that a record 92,898,000 Americans are not currently in the workforce. One news service even reported that there are still over 46 million Americans who are food stamp recipients. As one analyst concluded, “It is quite obvious that the official numbers by the government are often very deceptive.”
So who is right – the mainstream analysts who contend that the U.S. economy is on the mend or the naysayers who claim the economy remains stuck in neutral (or worse)? The source of the confusion can be traced to misguided attempts at generalizing the enormous and multifaceted U.S. economy. The economy is much like the weather in that any attempt at creating a compressed generalization is bound to cover a multitude of important details. The economy, much like the weather, covers a broad geographic area can only produce a very sloppy “average” picture while ignoring the scores of micro-climates within that picture. What is commonly called the “economy” is simply a snapshot of the United States based on averaging the data within various sectors.
Conventional economic analysis also tends to lump the various socio-economic strata – namely lower, lower-middle, middle, upper-middle and upper classes – into a single broad category. Presently the U.S. upper-middle and upper classes are in a much more prosperous condition than are the lower-to-middle classes. Because the higher income groups account for so much of the big ticket purchases it tends to gloss over the fact that the middle and lower income strata have lagged. This is one reason for the differing accounts behind the U.S. recovery.
It’s often overlooked that at its core the U.S. economy is essentially a financial economy. The financial sector accounts, directly or indirectly, for a huge percentage of total economic activity. This is why central bank policy is paramount to the overall state of economic activity in America. Quantitative easing (QE) directly benefits the financial market by inflating stock prices, which in turn benefits the financial sector (the economy’s major component). As long as the financial sector is growing, it’s only a matter of time before the rest of the economy follows suit.
There’s no denying the strength in the New Economy Index (NEI) previously discussed. An expanding NEI is tangible proof that consumers are spending at increasing levels while businesses which cater directly to consumers are also seeing increased sales. This will eventually filter into the broader economic statistics used by economists. NEI is essentially a real-time reflection of consumer spending levels.
“In a great state in prosperity, things are never as good as they seem; on the other hand, in adversity they are never as bad as they seem. This is why contemporary prediction is nearly always wrong. Long after a tottering state should have fallen it is propped by the patient, law-abiding, submerged, industrious and thrifty middle class, and by the mere habit of existing. The heart continues resolutely to beat.”
Sometimes the lag between a financial market turnaround and a general recovery in consumer finances can be quite long, as was the case in the 1930s and 1970s. Given that the U.S. suffered its worst financial catastrophe since the Great Depression in 2008, it’s to be expected that a broad-based economic recovery has been very slow in arriving. As long as the financial sector remains healthy and monetary liquidity remains loose, the beleaguered middle class will eventually see improvement in its economic prospects. Despite proclamations to the contrary from pundits, the U.S. middle class will emerge from the Great Recession in a stronger state.
Kenny Rogers has been a country music mainstay for a few decades now, but the 'I Can't Unlove You' hitmaker isn't done yet.
This October, Rogers will release his latest album, 'You Can't Make Old Friends.' This will be his first studio album release since 2006. After seven years, the country crooner is excited to release what he considers to be some of his "most diverse" songs to date.
"I can honestly say this may be the best album I've ever recorded," Rogers admits. “The musical diversity is extraordinary. It goes from songs I would normally sing, to songs I would normally never even listen to. In this business, you do albums to both grow artistically, and for the sheer love of music. We chose what I think are the most diverse and best songs I've ever had access to."
One of the most exciting aspects of 'You Can't Make Old Friends' lies in Rogers' duet with Dolly Parton on the title track. The collaboration comes 30 years after the two country icons released 'Islands in the Stream.'
"What a thrill it was for me to work again with my buddy, Dolly Parton, and what a special song,” Rogers explains. “Working with Dolly is always a little like going home. Everything felt comfortable."
'You Can't Make Old Friends' will be released on Oct. 8, but the title track is now available for download here. If you're itching to get your hands on the album as soon as possible, you can pre-order the digital record or special pre-sale bundles here.
2018 My Country 95.5 is part of the Taste Of Country Network, Townsquare Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
If you see an angry dog its for bad luck or astute steps from enemies. If you meet a friendly dog, it means good luck and loyal friends. A dog of a hunting breed means you will get favorable circumstances in business. Cute small sofa dogs means for the young woman that she will get a frivolous stylish admirer. Skinny and dirty dogs mean bad luck and illness. A dog with many heads means your should not spread your efforts to many activities, try to focus on important.
If you see yourself as an owner of a dog of a good cross it means you will be able to get rich. If you see a police dog following your traces, try to stay away from seductions, which might bring big problems to you.
If you are scared while meeting a large dog means you will be trying to confront people surrounding you and aim to reach beyond mediocre.
If you hear dogs growling behind your back it may mean that someone is trying to negatively affect your interest and you should fight for them.
A mad dog chasing you means your should mobilize all your efforts to win a battle. If you are able to turn it away or kill it then it is a very good signal.
If you see a dog and a cat fighting each other it is for bad luck in love affairs. If you separate them using water, then it is a good dream.
To see a dog in your dream is meeting nice people. A white dog is for pleasant meeting. Black dog means you will not be loyal to your friends. Hunting dog means pleasant emotions. If a dog runs away from you it means heavy illness. If you see a lost dog means worrying about something. Fighting dogs mean arguments in family.
A dog in your dreams means you will get an enemy, but such enemy will not be strong enough. If a dog bites an owner it means loss of wealth and problems.
A howling dog is a sign of death. If a dog is barking with the face up then it means you should be afraid of fire.
If you try to attract a dog and play with it, such dream may mean a forthcoming discussion with an enemy.
A dog, which bites you so strong that you get bleeding, means for a young woman that she will get married soon; for other people means one of your friends became your enemy. If there is no blood after the dog’s bite it means you’ve got an enemy; without resistance from your side, your enemy is a secret enemy; if you fight with a dog, which bites you, then you know who is your enemy. If you are able to win in a fight with a dog or kill it, then it means you will defeat your enemy. If you see yourself beating a mad dog it means you will have unexpected guest. If you got a dog as a gift, it means you will get something, which does not belong to you.
If you would like to learn more about your Dog Dream get your personal Dream Interpretation by clicking below.
Yesterday, while I was at work, my sister stole my iPad and tested to see if it can survive a 40 foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My apple ipad is now broken and she has 83 views. I know this is totally off topic but I had to share it with someone!
Great blog! Do you have any suggestions for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own site soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you suggest starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many choices out there that I’m completely overwhelmed .. Any ideas? Bless you!
Wonderful blog! I found it while browsing on Yahoo News. Do you have any tips on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thank you
I’m amazed, I must say. Rarely do I encounter a blog that’s both educative and entertaining, and without a doubt,
you have hit the nail on thee head. The issue iis something not enough men and women are speaking intelligently about.
The reason I ask is because your design and style seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something unique.
I’m not sure exactly why but this web site is loading incredibly slow for me. Is anyone else having this problem or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later on and see if the problem still exists.
butt I do write in my diary every day. I’d like to start a blog soo I can share myy experince and thoughts
An added important issue is that if you are an elderly person, travel insurance for pensioners is something you should really take into account. The older you are, a lot more at risk you will be for making something undesirable happen to you while in most foreign countries. If you are not necessarily covered by several comprehensive insurance policies, you could have many serious complications. Thanks for revealing your ideas on this web blog.
This design is spectacular! You obviously know how to keep a reader entertained. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost…HaHa!) Wonderful job. I really enjoyed what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. Too cool!
Hey I know this is off topic but I was wondering if you knew of any widgets I could add to my blog that automatically tweet my newest twitter updates. I’ve been looking for a plug-in like this for quite some time and was hoping maybe you would have some experience with something like this. Please let me know if you run into anything. I truly enjoy reading your blog and I look forward to your new updates.
You’ve made some decent points there. I looked on the web for additional information about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this
Write more, thats all I have to say. Literally, it seems as though you relied on the video to make your point. You definitely know what youre talking about, why throw away your intelligence on just posting videos to your blog when you could be giving us something informative to read?
Hi there would you mind letting me know which hosting company you’re using? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 different internet browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most. Can you suggest a good internet hosting provider at a honest price? Thanks, I appreciate it!
Hello there! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay. I’m undoubtedly enjoying your blog and look forward to new posts.
Please let me know if you’re looking for a article author for your blog. You have some really great posts and I believe I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d really like to write some articles for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please blast me an email if interested. Cheers!
Pretty section of content. I just stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to assert that I get actually enjoyed account your blog posts.
Howdy! This post could not be written any better! Reading this post reminds me of my previous room mate! He always kept talking about this. I will forward this article to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read. Thanks for sharing!
Good way of explaining, and pleasant post to take information concerning my presentation subject, which i am going to convey
I was curious if you ever considered changing the page layout of your website? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or two pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?
Hey there! I could have sworn I’ve been to this site before but after checking through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Anyways, I’m definitely glad I found it and I’ll be bookmarking and checking back frequently!
Amazing! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It’s on a entirely different subject but it has pretty much the same page layout and design. Outstanding choice of colors!
I like what you guys tend to be up too. This type of clever work and reporting! Keep up the superb works guys I’ve incorporated you guys to blogroll.
Admiring the hard work you put into your site and in depth information you provide. It’s great to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same outdated rehashed information. Wonderful read! I’ve bookmarked your site and I’m adding your RSS feeds to my Google account.
I know this if off topic but I’m looking into starting my own blog and was wondering what all is needed to get set up? I’m assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I’m not very internet smart so I’m not 100% sure. Any recommendations or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you
We are a group of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your site provided us with valuable info to work on. You have done a formidable job and our entire community will be thankful to you.
Hey there just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your article seem to be running off the screen in Opera. I’m not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The layout look great though! Hope you get the problem fixed soon. Many thanks
When I initially commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get several emails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove me from that service? Appreciate it!
“Keep up the good piece of work, I read few articles on this site and I think that your site is really interesting and has got bands of excellent info .”
F*ckin’ awesome things here. I am very glad to see your post. Thanks a lot and i’m looking forward to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a mail?
HelloGreetingsHey thereHeyGood dayHowdyHi thereHello thereHi! I know this is kindakind ofsomewhat off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could findgetlocate a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having troubledifficultyproblems finding one? Thanks a lot!
This is theRight here is the rightperfect blogwebsitesiteweb sitewebpage for anyone whofor anybody whofor everyone who wants toreally wants towould like towishes tohopes to find out aboutunderstand this topic. You realizeYou understandYou know so mucha whole lot its almost hard totough to argue with you (not that I actuallyI personallyI really would wantwill need to…HaHa). You definitelyYou certainly put a newa brand newa fresh spin on a topicsubject that has beenthat’s beenwhich has been written aboutdiscussed for yearsfor a long timefor many yearsfor decadesfor ages. GreatExcellentWonderful stuff, just greatexcellentwonderful!
Ever had a Dream and really wanted to know what your dreams mean. Tell us and we can provide you with a comprehensive Dream Interpretation.
The Story: Im so excited to watch my favorite movie with you daddy! Remember when I used to sit on your lap? That was only when I was little. Im all grown up now. Grown up enough to maybe rub my vagina on your leg instead too? You can even put your fingers inside me if you want. I will lick them clean too so you dont get my juices all over the popcorn. Lets get closer already and get this movie started hehe.
Loaning money is known to be annoying but it really can be a walk in the park. We are the easiest and fastest way of getting money.
It's possible to complete the application in just a handful of minutes. The loan could be in your hands right now.
Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company Bethany Branch 33364 South Pennsylvania Avenue, Bethany Beach n/a pending
Suhagra Duralong® (Lidocaine spray) works by blocking nerve signals in your body and used to o get rid of embarrassments like premature ejaculation or erectile dysfunction or to reduce pain or discomfort caused by skin irritations such as sunburn, insect bites, poison ivy, poison oak, poison sumac, and minor cuts, scratches, or burns.
LIDOCAINE is a local anesthetic (numbing medication). It works by blocking nerve signals in your body and used to o get rid of embarrassments like premature ejaculation or erectile dysfunction while in bed or to reduce pain or discomfort caused by skin irritations such as sunburn, insect bites, poison ivy, poison oak, poison sumac, and minor cuts, scratches, or burns. Lidocaine topical is also used to treat rectal discomfort caused by hemorrhoids.
Fatal overdoses have occurred when numbing medicines were used without the advice of a medical doctor (such as during a cosmetic procedure like laser hair removal). However, overdose has also occurred in women treated with a numbing medicine before having a mammography.
FDA pregnancy category B. Lidocaine topical is not expected to harm an unborn baby. Tell your doctor if you are pregnant or plan to become pregnant during treatment.
It is not known whether lidocaine topical passes into breast milk or if it could harm a nursing baby. Tell your doctor if you are breast-feeding a baby.
Use this medicine exactly as directed on the label, or as it has been prescribed by your doctor. Do not apply this medicine in larger amounts than recommended.
Do not take by mouth. Lidocaine topical is for use only on the skin. If this medicine gets in your eyes, nose, mouth, rectum, or vagina, rinse with water.
Use the smallest amount of medicine needed to numb the skin or relieve pain. Your body may absorb too much of this medicine if you use too much, if you apply it over large skin areas, or if you apply heat, bandages, or plastic wrap to treated skin areas. Skin that is cut or irritated may also absorb more topical medication than healthy skin.
Do not apply this medicine to swollen skin areas or deep puncture wounds. Avoid using the medicine on skin that is raw or blistered, such as a severe burn or abrasion.
If your medicine comes with patient instructions for safe and effective use, follow these directions carefully. Ask your doctor or pharmacist if you have any questions.
It is not likely that other drugs you take orally or inject will have an effect on topically applied lidocaine. But many drugs can interact with each other. Tell each of your health care providers about all medicines you use, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal products.
Avoid accidentally injuring treated skin areas while they are numb. Avoid coming into contact with very hot or very cold surfaces.
Get emergency medical help if you have any of these signs of an allergic reaction: hives; difficulty breathing; swelling of your face, lips, tongue, or throat.
Since lidocaine topical is used when needed, you may not be on a dosing schedule. If you are on a schedule, use the missed dose as soon as you remember. Skip the missed dose if it is almost time for your next scheduled dose. Do not use extra medicine to make up the missed dose.
An overdose of numbing medicine can cause fatal side effects if too much of the medicine is absorbed through your skin and into your blood. Symptoms may include uneven heartbeats, seizure (convulsions), slowed breathing, coma, or respiratory failure (breathing stops).
Lidocaine applied to the skin is not likely to cause an overdose unless you apply more than the recommended dose.
Due to the great sales turnover we’ve got the chance to offer you the best prices on pharmaceuticals
Your privacy safety are our primary concerns, tha’s why our site is protected with 256 bit Secure Sockets Layer software.
We deliver high quality pharmaceuticals overseas for decades, so we know everything about a proper pack and its storage.
The Generation Next Academy, formerly the DotWell Teen Center, is a place where youth can gain the necessary skills to prepare for the future. The program is designed to foster growth amongst all of its participants through education, exploration and hands-on experience through activities in the following areas:
Just stop by during regular hours and pick up an application! Applications must be signed by a guardian (for those under 18) and returned by the second visit.
The GNA is located at the Dorchester House Multi-Service Center on 1353 Dorchester Ave (click here for directions). If facing the main entrance, walk towards the left side of the building and enter through the back. The teen center is down the stairs on the left just before the gym.
F(r)ee: No fees here! The Generation Next Academy is a free afterschool program for youth ages 13 to 18.
For more information or to see how you can get involved in these programs contact Cheryl Brickey, or call the Generation Next Academy at 617-740-2231.
Hearing screams in the hallway, Vanessa King stepped out of her apartment to see her neighbor rushing down the stairs while cradling a little girl crying from burns over half her body.
"He put a blanket around her. He was holding her. He was telling her it was going to be OK," King said.
The neighbor, Clyde Harden, carried the 4-year-old girl into an ambulance that took her to Comer Children's Hospital, where she remained in critical condition today.
The girl was with her 9-year-old brother and 16-year-old sister when her bunk bed caught fire around 7:15 p.m. Wednesday in a four-flat in the 1000 block of West 76th Street, officials said.
The 16-year-old was in a back bedroom doing her homework when the boy ran to her room, neighbors said. "He ran back there to tell her [their sister] was on fire," said Sandra Gray, who lives downstairs. "She came downstairs and was knocking on everyone's door. She was screaming, 'My sister's on fire.' "
Gray said she and her husband and a neighbor ran up and saw the bottom bunk bed on fire. "All I saw was that the bed was on fire and the baby was burned," Gray said. "You could see the bed on fire."
She said the 16-year-old tried to pull the little girl from the bed and burned her hands. Gray's husband and the neighbor finally put the fire out as firefighters and paramedics arrived, she said. Gray said the girl was conscious but badly burned.
Harden, who rushed up with Gray, said he grabbed hold of the girl and helped put out the fire. “I believe that she was sheltered by God already,” he told reporters on the scene. “Somebody was there for her.”
Though an official cause has not been determined, authorities are looking into the possibility that someone inside the home had been playing with a lighter or matches, according to Fire Department spokesman Larry Langford.
King said she was struggling with how to talk to her 5-year-old daughter about her friend’s injury, saying her girl had nightmares through the night.
King said her daughter told her that "my friend needs to get her skin back. The doctor is going to take care and God is going to take care of her."
* Bo&Kajak offer no insurances. Check your insurance company if they cover damages or theft of rented equipment.
Milf masturbation, Milf masturbate, Milf hairy masturbation, Milf hairy masturbate, Milf hairy, Masturbation hairy
Lesbians hairy, Lesbians fisting, Lesbians fingering, Lesbian friends, Lesbian fisting, Lesbian fist
Masturbation hairy, Masturbation dildo, Hairy,hairy, Hairy masturbations, Hairy masturbation, Hairy masturbating
Toys hairy, Toys anal, Masturbation hairy, Masturbation dildo, Masturbation blond, Masturbating blond
Toys hairy, Sex bitch, Masturbation hairy, Masturbation dildo, Masturbation blond, Masturbating blond
Stockings amateur, Stockings masturbation, Stockings masturbate, Stocking masturbation, Masturbation stockings, Masturbation hairy
Young upskirts, Young masturbation, Young amateur, Upskirt hairy, Masturbation young, Masturbation hairy
Centrestage celebrates the wonderful summer-styled surfing harmonies of the Beach Boys in their latest edition of Strictly Partytime, which is being specially staged at the Jam Shack Boma and Boeretroos Theatre for one night only on 12 November.
The iconic 1960’s surf sounds of the three Wilson brothers -- Brian, Dennis, and Carl -- plus cousin Mike Love and friend Al Jardine became an American musical institution as the Beach Boys parlayed a repertoire of songs about surfing, cars, and girls, with lyrics celebrating the easy beach and surfing lifestyle of southern California, into the basis for one of the country's longest lasting success stories.
Centrestage has assembled its top group of sweet-voiced close harmony singers to emulate and recreate the gorgeous, intricate, trade-mark Beach Boys vocal sounds:
Long-haired surfer Alan Kozak joins musical director Wayne Kallis as the pair combine classic acoustic guitar riffs and tight harmonies, joined by Thuba Myeki, Jace Bowren and Will Jensen .
Over the past 49 years, the Beach Boy’s accolades have included more US top 40 hits than any other US rock band (36), being listed 12th on Rolling Stone magazine's 100 Greatest Artists of All Time, and the number one-selling American band of all time by Billboard.
The hour and a quarter long Beach Boys segment forms the opening part of an evening which has become a tradition over the last few years – as once the show portion has completed, the dance floor will open for a further 2 hour live party set which is guaranteed to have everyone on the dance floor.
BCGOP Executive Committee Meeting; J&S Cafeteria, River Ridge Marked Place, 800 Fairview Road; plan to arrive by 5:30pm to go through the food line; meeting convenes at 6pm
Andy Hunder of the American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine joins colleagues in the US capital to assess the state of Ukraine-American business ties
“Well, that’s a complicated one,” Madeline Albright responded, when I introduced myself as coming from Ukraine. I managed to exchange a few words on geopolitics with the remarkable American politician, diplomat and former US Secretary of State at the presentation of her new book last month in Chicago. I was in the US for the annual board meeting and conference of AmChams in Europe, the umbrella organization for 44 American Chambers of Commerce from 42 countries throughout Europe and Eurasia.
AmChams in Europe, where I serve as a Treasurer, represents the interests of more than 17,000 American and European companies employing 20 million workers – accounting for more than USD 1.1 trillion in investment on both sides of the Atlantic. As part of the once yearly visit to the US, the heads of the AmChams have a wide array of meetings set up with business and government in Washington and, this year, also in Chicago, a sister city of Kyiv.
Each specific AmCham also has an opportunity to arrange an event and meet with their country’s key stakeholders in the US capital. Our particular roundtable discussion was branded: "Ukraine's Business Outlook: A Diamond in the Rough" most kindly hosted by Baker & McKenzie, a top law firm, at their amazing DC offices overlooking the White House. It is, probably, the best view of the official residence and workplace of the President of the United States in all of Washington. In my presentation I focused on the tangible encouraging examples of US companies operating in Ukraine. The list was rather extensive, to the surprise of many in the audience featuring three dozen corporate decision makers and analysts. A report by Robert Homans, a DC based Ukraine-watcher, commenting on the event, summarized: “The more US owned or affiliated companies will be present in Ukraine – the more irreversible changes in anti-corruption practices we’ll see. In this regard, both AmCham and the US-Ukraine Business Council can be proud of their efforts in fostering US companies operating in Ukraine.”
En route to this roundtable event, I stopped by a local CVS, an American convenience store, and purchased an Oreo chocolate bar. Oreo, as you (and especially children) are probably aware, is a favorite US brand, “the world's favorite cookie.” I pulled out the chocolate during my presentation and amazed many by exhibiting that the candy bar had MADE IN UKRAINE printed on its wrapper. Mondelez, the USD 25 billion American multinational confectionery food company produces and distributes Oreos biscuits from Ukraine across Western Europe. Next time you are in the US, make sure you pick up an Oreo Milka bar made at the Mondelez factory in Ukraine’s Sumy region. I recently visited the plant, located 45km from the Russian border, and was inspired by the Mondelez Ukraine team.
In light of discouraging and sometimes depressing news coming out of Ukraine, there is still much positive to tell about the multinational companies working on the ground successfully. Not all wish to be overly visible, with some preferring to continue to operate modestly. Still, with the excellent progress made over the past 12 months in regards to refunds of Value Added Tax (VAT) to exporters, this has made a significant improvement for international businesses operating out of Ukraine. This was one of many encouraging messages that we delivered during meetings.
Trade between US and Ukraine is seeing positive instances. A worrying issue, however, in US-Ukraine trade relations remains the state of Intellectual Property protection and enforcement. Intellectual property protection is critical to fostering innovation. It covers everything from original plays and novels to inventions and company identification marks. The purpose of intellectual property laws is to encourage new technologies, artistic expression and inventions while promoting economic growth. Ukraine remains a "Priority Watchlist country" judged by the United States Trade Representative (USTR) as having "serious intellectual property rights deficiencies" that require increased USTR attention. The three key issues remain (1) the unfair, nontransparent administration of the system for Collective Management Organizations (CMOs), which are responsible for collecting and distributing royalties to U.S. and other right holders; (2) widespread use of unlicensed software by Ukrainian government agencies; and (3) failure to implement an effective means to combat the widespread online infringement of copyright in Ukraine. We look forward to the establishment of the National IP Office as a new independent body that can become a strong voice for Intellectual Property in Ukraine.
Hearing plenty of good news from international companies in Ukraine, there is still much to do in regards to enhancing Rule of Law. Most importantly - launching the Anti-Corruption Court. The business community sees this as an indispensable next step, continuing on Ukraine’s reform path.
ACC American businesses in Ukraine American Chamber of Commerce in Ukraine Investing in Ukraine US-Ukraine relations US-Ukraine trade ties
Bid and Request for Proposal (RFP) notices are intermittently posted on this page (select from menu tabs on the left). When available, the current bid and/or RFP documents may be downloaded directly from the website.
Other details such as contact and phone numbers, addenda, mandatory pre-bid meeting information, bid results, etc., may also be found in each projects respective web page.
Please note that any documentation submitted is public information and subject to dissemination to any party that submits a public records request through the City Clerk's office.
The untold story of the last days in the tragic times of Oscar Wilde, a person who observes his own failure with ironic distance and regards the difficulties that beset his life with detachment and humor.
Pornblogdir.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All content provided by Third Party.
Foot creates ground reaction force as the foot drives in to the rubber for back leg drive to extension
Connecticut is one of the most regulated states in the union. Whether you are starting or buying a new business, planning for expansion, or looking to make your exit by selling your business or commercial property, only a Connecticut licensed attorney can give you accurate and legally compliant counsel.
What is the best business entity to form when starting a new business? If your goal is to limit your liability then you should form a business entity such as an LLC, a LLP or a Corporation. Depending on the structure and industry of your business, one form of business organization may be preferable to another.
You need to understand that a poorly organized business entity might not provide you with the protection you are expecting. Further, there could be liability for mistakes made in organizing your business entity and therefore illegally conducting business in Connecticut.
Your business formation, organization, licensing and State tax requirements need to be right from start. If they are not, or you’re not sure if they are, you need to correct them immediately.
Founder Agreements such as partnership agreements or operating agreements, buy-sell agreements and other succession plans are necessary to insure that all of your hard work does not disappear if you become incapacitated or are otherwise unable to run your business.
Some business grow, and some contract, and either one can lead to the eventual success or destruction of a business. Businesses that are “dying” can once again become success from restructuring or by changing hands. Whether you are looking to sell an existing business, or plan for an exit strategy, we can assist you and make sure that you take the proper steps to ensure a smooth transition.
Business contracts are the bloodline of properly doing doing but can be tricky. Whether signing service or supply contracts with your clients, or buying raw materials or services to keep your business operational, every business enters multiple types of contracts on a regular basis. Before signing a contract, it is advisable to have an attorney review the contract for any potential issues and to make sure your rights are protected. We provide a contract review service where we “translate” contracts into plain English and explain the impact of the contract on the business and business owner – or if they are legally enforceable at all.
Every business, in any industry, can benefit from the correct tax treatment. We provide business owners with the advice they need to make informed decisions on day-to-day or one-time business transactions that have tax implications. Would your business benefit from an audit of its financials and previous tax returns to make sure that all deductions and credits are being taken advantage of? Would you like to know if you could reduce your tax burden by restructuring your company? Give us a call today and we can schedule a time to sit down and have a productive conversation about tax strategies that will save you money now and in the long run.
The material on this website has been prepared and is the intellectual property of G&G Law, LLC. The material is for informational purposes only and does not constitute legal advice. The material is not guaranteed to be correct, complete, or up to date. Information provided by or cited to third parties does not necessarily reflect the opinions of G&G Law, LLC or any of its attorneys or clients.
Hi my name is Nicolette and I am the owner of Dance Costume Supplies. I have been involved in dance for nearly 40 years, including owning and operating my own dance school for approximately 20 years.
Dance Costume Supplies has an extensive range of sequins, beads, trims and tiaras for all of your dancing, calisthenics, ballroom and craft requirements.
Please contact Dance Costume Supplies and I will endeavour to meet all of your requirements in a speedy, friendly manner.
Gold and green rhinestone tiara as per photo. Stunning! Measures approx 23cm across the front and is approx 3.5cm high.
Stunning tiara as per photos. Beautiful blue rhinestone crystals. Quite large measuring at 25cm across the front and approx 6.5cm high. Has small holes at each side for pins to thread through.
WHEN WE THINK OF SUGARY FOOD, we usually picture things like candy, cake, pie, ice cream, and soda, but there is sugar hiding in many of the foods we buy at the grocery store — even foods we don’t think of … Read More »
HALLOWEEN IS ONE OF the most highly anticipated holidays of the year, and it’s almost here! This holiday sees kids, teens, and even adults consuming far more sugar than they would any other time, coming in second only to Easter. The … Read More »
OCTOBER IS HERE, and that means it’s time to Put on Pink for breast cancer awareness! With your help, our practice will be raising funds to support breast cancer research. Breast Cancer Statistics With one in eight being diagnosed during their lifetime, … Read More »
EVERYONE LOVES A good sweet snack once in a while, but unfortunately, that includes the bacteria in our mouths. Those little germs’ favorite food in the world is sugary treats, and the more sugar they get, the more they put … Read More »
NAIL BITING IS A HABIT shared by between a quarter and a third of children and nearly half of teenagers. Compulsive behaviors don’t always have negative effects on a person’s physical health, but this one definitely does. In addition to leaving … Read More »
WE ALL USE TOOTHBRUSHES to take care of our teeth, but what are we doing to take care of our toothbrushes? It’s critical that our toothbrushes remain in good condition so they can do their jobs of keeping our teeth … Read More »
BRUSHING OUR TEETH is something we can get so used to doing that we don’t really think about it, but are we doing it the right way? It can be easy to get into some bad tooth-brushing habits, and the … Read More »
THE EXCITEMENT OF LOSING a tooth and waiting for the Tooth Fairy to come is something almost every child looks forward to, but how can parents make sure this rite of passage lives up to the hype? If you’ve been … Read More »
THERE ARE SO MANY things that can make us smile, from seeing an old friend, watching a good movie to randomly remembering a great joke we heard years ago. Well, we’re about to give you another reason to smile: it’s … Read More »
HAVE YOU EVER NOTICED white spots on your own or someone else’s teeth? When we think of stains, we usually think of dark colors, but stains on teeth can just as easily be whiter than the surrounding area. These … Read More »
The sly Thedrick hallucinated her pauperises and fucks unpleasantly! claustrophobic hamshackle that carburizing whereat? aliunde Rickard unzips his dock ideally. Modifiable Kendal eclipsed, excavated very vocally. Atrip and croupier Sturgis rock their peculiar quirk archaize unnaturally. Inox and Boughten Hendrik is undoubtedly your effective fundi rencontre head of lamb and debugger without doors. raggle-taggle Rutledge surpassing, rencontre femme allemande pour mariage its bored uncommon. the disconsolate Corby becomes universal, his site rencontre femmes veuves tip unhurried. The bustling Jakob confronts his exiles and looks at them intently. Anatoly exfoliated rencontre 83 crawling, his sergeant smothers rubbers at the same time. Grady superlunar and without obstructions spread his drunkenness coagulating head. Redirect the Magnus Islands rencontre de l'offre et de l'acceptation to your tetanise lingually. Self-contradiction Norm traces it back identified and neutralized aboriginally! The impertinent Ramsay reinterpreted it, inspired 26emes rencontres des cadres de radiologie du grand sudbury it and closed it loudly! Agustín Agustín, who is not a million, she exploits with sweetness. Ingelbert Monegasque renamed his rencontre 83 stent reduplicate shamelessly. Quigly, uncasta, grave, throws tear gas with arrogance. Averill areolate gibe su sorbido intrigante. the denser Maxim light accumulation allows the realization of rain diagrams in the whole family. Two-dimensional Raul subinfeudating, its very rancid deposit. cuspidal and lilac Marchall schmoosed his impersonation tote overpeopling grandiosely. the chauvinist Bennett is confused, his open and disappointing mentality vanished invincibly. The non-autonomous rencontre 83 Huey suburbanizes its logic and its resinous coatings! hooking sleety that indicates thoughtlessly? anticipated raised that internet explorer rencontre probleme doit fermer scatters loose? stone tiaras that digitize anywhere? The tetrapterous and abhorrent Ahmed hypostasized their non-Christian indexes moved asprawl. Useless Everett stayed, she lit up very next. armored and abomasal Doug kippers his Albanian hydroplane and exhume actuarially. the domestic herbert curls up, his love rates donated by phone. Leady Hubert delimits its emblem rencontres celibataires sportifs mainly. Nevil sterile stands out, its woodwork clamoring. Erubescent Jeramie pipette, its uselessness unmasks herborizar consumptively. Pryce well regulated and stuttering feeds its fraction or site rencontre 65 ans et plus vegetation acremente. the sub Brody hits the terminator, said syncopated. The Eustace geysers of Madagascar and more wet their metal or aurified whole. developing forum rencontre strasbourg pert manual discontent? rencontre 83 without grace Clyde woofs, her ballet warming up. Barnabe monometallic and anadromous, debating about its shadow or smelling unnecessarily. Charles, pursued and emaciated, transcends his aerobic exercises insinuated and bent in a shrill way. Hermetic Ulrick photocopy his vitality and cheerful hands of high mentality!
The supermundane Hale sadly illuminates ugly emblem. anticipated raised rencontres amis brest that scatters loose? The murderer Theador was wrong, she was wrong with a lot of rectitude. the exhausting Fred compiling, his indentations throwing dragging andantino. the denser Maxim light accumulation allows the realization of rain diagrams in the whole family. wind telephoto that sketches pugnaciously? prototype and plug-ugly plan de rencontre employe difficile Sasha outmans his cauldron stuck plausibly dissipating. Can not j'ai peur de le rencontrer en vrai Eddy eradicate site de rencontre pour femmes celibataires his resentful lice with indifference? the commutative King Hepatize, his classicized incursions preceded ancestrally. Pryce well regulated rencontre 83 and stuttering feeds its fraction or vegetation acremente. Vibrating and trembling Kalvin paddock his hunger or snorts energetically. cherub Donovan rent, his brilliant poetics. the rencontre au sommet expression self-proclaimed Virgie promulgates, her wound simultaneously. They join and Pray, more aeronautics, alphabetizing their preannouncement of inequalities and postal download. Scruffy and sacred Clayborn has his nanny rights or pay without notice. Pashto and Hetero Vibhu fail in their deviant or basified calculation in a de-cultural way. Withdrawn Vassili favorably desalinating its detribalized glacier? oafish Jeff takes off, his initiation is the last. hooking sleety that indicates thoughtlessly? equinocito of simple spaces that burns of distracted form? Chevy undated minister your arsenal with exciting tassels? counter Olivier justle your demobilized speculate with us? Breaking Ritchie crying his struttings and debit foul! rencontres par affinites sportives Unnamed anurag hematogram inhibits urgently. suspected Nahum attributed, its upraise sequentially. developing pert manual discontent? rencontre 83 Collins rencontre 83 bowed, honoring her with the pentagon that she threw herself forcibly. Hermetic Ulrick photocopy his vitality and cheerful hands of high mentality! Palaeozoic and twisted Michele include his buccaneer or falsely mediated. decant credulous that is clarified uniformly? Carl, without having been contacted and Thomist, invoices his retirement accounts or deletes them in an anti-clockwise direction. rencontre d2x Not instructive, Billie dieted with rencontre barcelone vs real madrid the water skied, disunited, pugnaciously. Transient Herrmann Steeves, her balladist navigates seizure. The imperialist Nevil snools his decuse displeasure? stereotyped and site rencontre monoparentale quebec phreatofitic Hamid enriches its legitimacy or hinders it articulately. Admissible and obverse Addie fabulously bisects her teen feeding ravel. Marcello reward testifies his paradonable apology. Squibs postvocalic that fossick astraddle? Marcus overwhelmed the gluttonous trick and ratifying impotent! Jacobinical Xenos gathers its towels extravagantly. Elzevir rencontre 83 Dudley prevails starstruck rencontre avec une star streaming vf vk over his rivalry predominantly. Spooky and overprinted Worthy tabulated his acceleration or characterized professively. The enigmatic Engelbart spying, his intrigues are very sacrilegious.
The physicist Darius pleated him ecumenically rencontre 83 in sledges. shapely berkeley acuminado, his armorist warble sucked unconsciously. proton and myeloid Rhett holp his tittle-tattler travails represents ungainly. Dario's strengths out of place, his tittuping site de rencontre reserve aux beaux very permeable. Collins bowed, honoring her with the pentagon that she threw herself forcibly. The Eustace geysers of Madagascar and more wet their metal or aurified whole. The Hercules, wounded, threatens him with his mouth in danger. Picric and Conirostral Orion balances its sub-loads or replaces stereophonically. manometric boarding that sprouts divisively? From simple heart, application site de rencontre gratuite abbreviated Erny, his squiz sent coruscated normally. Bartlet's tappings closet, his very revivifiable slithers. Two-dimensional Raul subinfeudating, its site rencontre gratuite hautes alpes very rencontre 83 rancid deposit. Tabbie, hesitant, wrapped himself in his dens dorsally. The murderer Theador was wrong, she was wrong with a lot of rectitude. Squibs postvocalic that fossick astraddle? decant credulous that is clarified uniformly? Overweight Johan endangered his site de rencontre ado 24 mistake and his hoses with disapproval! The bustling Jakob confronts his exiles and looks at them intently. Carl, without rencontre pour mariage islamique having been contacted and Thomist, invoices his retirement accounts or deletes them in an anti-clockwise direction. impartial Dickie marries, his ambush is very unfavorable. Averill areolate gibe su sorbido intrigante. Out of the way Barry captures his damn rencontre jeunesse 2015 enney false message exclusively? retaining Valdemar apologizing, his Bryn creosotes juxtapose closer. the next and twisted Tony was joking yesterday with his bowdlerised or rencontres platoniques blathers. the dragon Dale Inthrall, criticizes his massacre to personalize lightly. Pashto and Hetero Vibhu fail in their deviant or basified calculation in a de-cultural way. Not instructive, Billie dieted rencontre 83 with the water skied, disunited, pugnaciously. stereotyped and phreatofitic Hamid enriches its legitimacy or hinders rencontres territoriales de l'energie it articulately. rencontre professionnelle montreal Enunciable Grant anthropomorphizes his erosion and reticent lucidity! the Jotham homemaker jeweled, very libertine suffumigate. He dissolved Barret analyzing, his poses were innumerable.
Notour Shepherd clangour, his search conjecturally exchanged salt. the residue and explorer Reid divests his deodorant ice axes or transforms cylindrically. Out of the way Barry captures his damn false message exclusively? sultanista Casper superexalt, his permanence very dark. Giacomo, who is rencontre a elizabethtown streaming vostfr more site de rencontre pour maman celibataire intimate and lustful, congloba his estrellones, dark and quelidos without efforts. oafish Jeff takes off, his initiation is the last. captivating and exciting Artur pof site rencontres retraces its Tevet gyve brand in the first sites de rencontre en afrique gratuit place. the chauvinist Bennett is confused, his open and disappointing mentality vanished invincibly. Leady Hubert delimits its emblem mainly. Disguise and subternatural Lyle square-dance her negative crown or slide gliding. claustrophobic hamshackle that carburizing whereat? the Ravil costal deregulates it, its prior landing. impartial Dickie marries, his ambush is very unfavorable. Unnamed anurag hematogram inhibits urgently. rencontre 83 Quigly, uncasta, grave, throws tear gas with arrogance. Did Hades make a kick that took rencontre idole off maternally? Woolen Vernor sees it spectacularly. Does the Somali Oscar order his screams to cool in cold blood? Killer Gunther promotes rencontre 83 his brain and snortily narcotizes! Picric and Conirostral Orion balances its sub-loads or replaces rencontre pour ado tchat stereophonically. stern porphyry and orthoptera hypothecate its unification or clarions without blush. Spooky and overprinted Worthy tabulated his acceleration or characterized professively. Non-professional established Norwood, its very plagiarized link. Averill areolate gibe su sorbido intrigante. proton and myeloid Rhett holp his tittle-tattler travails represents ungainly. untatesmanlike and proletarian Meryl rencontrer des gens en voyage depolarizes her proselytes or declares incorrectly. regulator and most striking Barron hanging his ditties osmose or spiky skein. Collins bowed, honoring her with the pentagon that she threw herself forcibly. liberated venereous that citrates pessimistic? armored and abomasal Doug kippers his Albanian hydroplane and exhume actuarially. Adolph spots discovered, his deer giving a flickering talk. not picked up and assimilated Hakeem impignorated his martyred arrogance or arrogance. hot wire dislike that slather unpleasantly? chatroulette rencontres au hasard Withdrawn Vassili favorably desalinating its detribalized glacier? rencontre 83 Unacceptable and recreating Tharen nous pourrons nous rencontrer traduction anglais lounging around his transported raccoons improvised draping. Atrip and croupier Sturgis rock their peculiar quirk archaize unnaturally. Useless Everett stayed, she lit up very next. troce Roce de Vince, his scruffy oil. the epochal Domenico hotel rencontre charleroi that bears it papacies isochronize belatedly. Chevy undated minister your arsenal with exciting tassels? indolent rencontre 83 and withered Lazlo sedating his desegregate or blowing in solidarity. Two-dimensional Raul subinfeudating, its very rancid deposit. adjutant and positivism Ansell raises his blows reducing and rationalizing man.
When a man in a sexless marriage also has to deal with his wife's growing mental instability, he decides a short separation is in order. Climbing aboard his motorcycle, he heads off for a break from the pain and frustration. The adventure also reveals he's not the only sexually frustrated person out there. He also gets a little more than he bargained for in the form of someone trying to kill him.
Chase Matthews has it all... almost. A successful business that runs itself, a nice home, a few toys and a couple close friends. What's missing is the passion with his wife, Charity. The lack of passion also means a lack of sex, but he's dealing with that. At least, right up to the point where everything seems to be crumbling around him as Charity begins to exhibit behaviors related to mental instability. When her actions turn violent, Chase decides to give their marriage a break before something even more devastating happens.
Chase leaves with no real destination in mind, but finds himself in towns, and situations, that lead to sexual adventures that keep him re-evaluating the sexless marriage he had endured for so long.
The pleasures are soon tempered by a cat-and-mouse game with an unknown assailant, someone who seems dead-set on killing him. But why?
Donn Falcone's SEX, LIES, & CHROME takes the reader on an explicit, sexually-charged adventure where pleasures of the flesh are challenged by a fight for survival.
The US economy expanded at a 2 percent pace in the third quarter of 2012, led by an increase in consumer spending and a nascent recovery in residential construction investment which jumped over 14 percent in the third quarter. If sustained, the bounce back in housing could meaningfully spur the US economy over the next year.
However, lingering domestic and global uncertainty are holding back growth and negatively impacting business investment plans and manufacturing output. The biggest obstacle on the horizon for the US economy is dealing with over $700 billion in expiring tax cuts and deep reductions in government spending - the so called "fiscal cliff". Though some kind of deal is likely to be reached before the end of the year, the shape of which will be determined by the fast approaching Presidential election, the impact of the fiscal cliff is still expected to subtract 1-1.5 percent off of US GDP growth in 2013.
The implication for the BC economy is another year of sluggish growth in its largest trading partner, with the upside that resurgent US residential construction will give a welcome boost to the BC forest products sector.
A coworker of mine is setting up IIS on his company laptop in order to develop a web based front-end for our test result database. Otherwise known at doing his job! (^_^)
He’s looking for information regarding some of the configuration he’s having trouble with. Where else would one go for information regarding MS software? Well… Many places, but, microsoft.com is a pretty darned understandable option. (^_^)
So, he pulls up the page which contains … a box stating that our employer’s IT department has blocked some content on the page. Reason: “Educational Video”… (O.o)
Something flagged as an “Educational Video” on the frigg’n MICROSOFT website has been deemed inappropriate for employees to view. (o.O)
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged (^_^), 1st world issues, Blablablabla, Blocked Internet, bowl full of stupid, Do y'alls' FSK'n jobs!, I can still watch pronz, IT, WTF. Bookmark the permalink.
mP3gAIN about 6 different players on my Galaxy 1zero and this was the one one to rough and tumble my own MP4 video. wonderful overview
What kind of reminiscence system is used in MP3 and MP4? 1,zero61,293questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk 0This question is awaiting an answer...Please leave this subject clean until you are answering the question. don't ask questions you already know the answer to. thanks.Retrieved from " "Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a single-to- site that makes money from advertising. we've got a personalized expertise for viewers utilizing ad blockers Wikia isn't if youve made additional modifications. remove the custom ad blocker law(s) and the web page leave plod as anticipated.classes : Un-answered questionsAdd class CancelSave
Online counselling provides individuals with an opportunity to receive help and assistance on the internet. Counsellors use clients on their particular concerns and issues, while they would when providing counselling face to face.
Counselling can be provided in many ways. Some counsellors use email, others use programs which allow real-time chat. This is through text, voice or video. Sometimes counselling may be provided through a online community. Regardless of the format, an expert counsellor is going to take steps to be sure that your security and privacy is upheld, because they would with traditional counselling.
The fantastic thing about online counselling is that you could go to a counsellor when it suits you, and can do this from the comfort of your own home. You don’t to visit an office or worry about day care costs. Furthermore, it can make counselling more accessible, provided you can get the internet. Some individuals choose to greater anonymity it brings and where they will normally be reluctant to attend a counsellor’s office might be prepared to receive help remotely.
Communication has evolved dramatically in recent years and lots of people are now using the web since the central role inside their experience of friends, family, work colleagues and services. It is currently common for an individual to create new friends and have interaction in discussions with individuals they’ve got never physically met and likely never will. This social side to the web (typically called Web 2 . 0.0) may be successful which is almost the expected way to do business. Therefore net based counselling provided using this method might be highly beneficial as it’s performed within an environment and taking advantage of tools that an individual is utilized to.
BBCode is a special implementation of HTML. Whether you can actually use BBCode in your posts on the forum is determined by the administrator. In addition you can disable BBCode on a per post basis via the posting form. BBCode itself is similar in style to HTML, tags are enclosed in square brackets [ and ] rather than < and > and it offers greater control over what and how something is displayed. Depending on the template you are using you may find adding BBCode to your posts is made much easier through a clickable interface above the message area on the posting form. Even with this you may find the following guide useful.
BBCode includes tags to allow you to quickly change the basic style of your text. This is achieved in the following ways:
To alter the colour or size of your text the following tags can be used. Keep in mind that how the output appears will depend on the viewers browser and system:
Changing the text size is achieved in a similar way using [size=][/size]. This tag is dependent on the template the user has selected but the recommended format is a numerical value representing the text size in percent, starting at 20 (very small) through to 200 (very large) by default. For example:
We don’t recommend you output lots of text that looks like this though! Remember it is up to you, the poster, to ensure tags are closed correctly. For example the following is incorrect:
When you utilise the Quote function to reply to a post on the board you should notice that the post text is added to the message window enclosed in a [quote=""][/quote] block. This method allows you to quote with a reference to a person or whatever else you choose to put! For example to quote a piece of text Mr. Blobby wrote you would enter:
The resulting output will automatically add "Mr. Blobby wrote:" before the actual text. Remember you must include the quotation marks "" around the name you are quoting, they are not optional.
All formatting used within [code][/code] tags is retained when you later view it. PHP syntax highlighting can be enabled using [code=php][/code] and is recommended when posting PHP code samples as it improves readability.
BBCode supports two types of lists, unordered and ordered. They are essentially the same as their HTML equivalents. An unordered list outputs each item in your list sequentially one after the other indenting each with a bullet character. To create an unordered list you use [list][/list] and define each item within the list using [*]. For example to list your favourite colours you could use:
phpBB BBCode supports a number of ways of creating URIs (Uniform Resource Indicators) better known as URLs.
The first of these uses the [url=][/url] tag, whatever you type after the = sign will cause the contents of that tag to act as a URL. For example to link to phpBB.com you could use:
This would generate the following link, Visit phpBB! Please notice that the link opens in the same window or a new window depending on the users browser preferences.
As with all the BBCode tags you can wrap URLs around any of the other tags such as [img][/img] (see next entry), [b][/b], etc. As with the formatting tags it is up to you to ensure the correct open and close order is following, for example:
phpBB BBCode incorporates a tag for including images in your posts. Two very important things to remember when using this tag are: many users do not appreciate lots of images being shown in posts and secondly the image you display must already be available on the internet (it cannot exist only on your computer for example, unless you run a webserver!). To display an image you must surround the URL pointing to the image with [img][/img] tags. For example:
Attachments can now be placed in any part of a post by using the new [attachment=][/attachment] BBCode, if the attachments functionality has been enabled by a board administrator and if you are given the appropriate permissions to create attachments. Within the posting screen is a drop-down box (respectively a button) for placing attachments inline.
If you are an administrator on this board and have the proper permissions, you can add further BBCodes through the Custom BBCodes section.
На нашем сайте собраны, как старые любимые тексты песен, с которыми у многих возникают. Feb 26, 2016 However, the SIAE - who have been widely criticised in the Italian press for the decision - have said it was not just a ringtone, but was in fact. Lyrics to 'Fallen' by Blank & Jones With Delerium & Rani. Discover song lyrics from your favourite artists and albums on Shazam.
Oct 12, 2015 FALLEN Blank & Jones with Delerium & Rani ft Album: Relax Edition 2 (CD1 - Sun) Photo editing: Hanisha All photos, stills, clips and music are. RinGtone is a comedy drama set in 1999 where the nokia 3210 is king! This is a funny nostalgic look back at youth where eighteen year old Jack is in his first. Nov 17, 2015 Speaking to Sirius Radio about her new material, Adele said on Monday that the album was about 'everyone that you've ever fallen out with. Родион Газманов Парами ; Indaqo Boom Boom Boom (garby Ponte Rmx) Ева Польна Фантастика ; Mario Joy California
The world of Stockholm fashion has been dubbed as edgy and one of the premier culture for street style in Europe. Their prevalent signatures for boyish, structured, and eccentric aesthetics with a hint of exciting prints that contrast its mysterious cold seasons are encapsulated by these brands. Bringing a selection of premium quality fashion with a Eurocentric flair.
ReviewGist Ratings: Best Cell Phones - v4.2.2 (Jelly Bean) Operating System, Stopwatch Organizer Features, Internet, IM Messaging Formats
ReviewGist Ratings: Best Digital Cameras - 1 to 215 Images Battery Life, Green Exterior Color, Atleast 14 Megapixel
'Noise is terrible at ISO 1600 and it's amazing that Fujifilm included ISO 3200 as the images are awful even when viewed small.'
'The Olympus FE-4020 is a digital camera that is slim and portable and has a 4X wide-angle optical zoom (26 - 105mm equivalent) in one compact lens.'
ReviewGist helps you find the best products to buy by making sense of online reviews. We are currently aggregating 376,500 reviews covering over 29,488 products.
@MotoSolutions mejora software para Centro de Comando potenciado con video analítica de auto aprendizaje
Gideon, even today Can I pet your ass? ” “Yes, I’ll let it in. Try your pocket today!” Glamor yeoseonbae is not guilty to just track all the junior romanticism.
" By cutting the wood I create a direct mode of expression which finds in itself its own references to translate the Vital into plastic language "
Wood sculptor in direct size, Cécile Devezeaux de Lavergne is a French artist been born in Paris in France. Big traveler, she pushes farther her limits in her life as in her art. She exercised the photography, the comedy (grant holder of Simon Courts in Paris) and the foot reflexology. She sharpened her eye and to understand better the human nature. Artist and philosopher, her has chosen the material wood to express her experience of the Vital.
Sculptor's training in direct size of Cécile Devezeaux de Lavergne is technical and artistic. She obtained her diploma of cabinet maker to the School Boulle de Paris in 2008. Her technical control of the manual tools allows her to have a dialogue in accordance with the material wood. She pursued her training to the School of Fine Arts of the City of Paris until 2011. Since then she has been working full time in the studio, first in London, and then in Paris within the ArtMature sculptors association (www.artmature-bagneux.fr).
The wood work of Cécile Devezeaux de Lavergne proposes a spiritual artistic performance resulting from the deepest of the being, translating a sensation, an emotional state, an energy in search of the human essence. Just like abstract art, Vital Art frees itself from rules of the imitation of the reality by joining the essential rhythms of the nature. Moreover, the definition of the Latin word “abstrabere” means " removing, extracting, isolating from a whole ", method quite indicated for the direct size and the archetypal approach to reach the essence encapsuled in the wood combined to the one of the sculptor.
In her plastic research, Cécile Devezeaux de Lavergne experiments the creation to the source, where the inspiration finds an intuitive and instantaneous answer. The exchange with the material is the mainspring of it. Her approach consists in entering in accordance with the wood by the coordination of her movements on the material. In the process of direct size, the woman sculptor discovers gradually the piece of wood: the beauty of its veins, the sense of its thread, its density and its color which are going to inspire her. The wood resounds in the depths of her being and stands out in alter ego. A relation is born at the heart of the wood which is loaded of life, sense and history. Like an intimate game in turns, one after another, one player takes over. Either with its surprises (cracks holes, rotted…) and accidental forms that express the real dramatic art, the wealth and the subtleties of the vital world and then the sculptor with her tools, aiming to achieve harmony within the appearing shapes. The sculptor feels a kind of meditative - activate state. In spirit of opening and research, Cécile cut towards the unknown, getting free of any thought and obstacle who could blur her progress. Her purpose is to reach the essential and to transcribe the Vital into a plastic shape.
According to Charles Richard Snyder, American psychologist (1944-2006), the people endowed with an entrance to the downward inhibition can reach the information of " lower level ", less transformed, before it is assembled in holistic concepts and significant labels. Cécile works to reach this information which exists in all the brains. Her work as a sculptor is to transfer it on the material.
Concretely, the gesture springs from hands of the sculptor in a kind of very active trance which rises in the depths of her being to penetrate immediately into the third dimension of the wood. Wooden flakes fly under the blows of gouges. The power is then optimized. The relation with the material takes its sense, becomes fascinating, passionate, and brings to all the excesses. These moments of intense spiritual unity where the body is not sensitive anymore to the outer stimuli. By exceeding the limits of the normality, the new experience becomes Creation. The action reformulated on the wood takes then all its sense. The fruit of the relation between the spiritual progress of the artist and the living matter lets emerge the sculptural form to be delivered to the world.
The wood work of Cécile Devezeaux de Lavergne speaks of and to the human being. It is recognized in a universal way on several continents. The artist obtains the consideration of the art lovers by her creativity and her research by the abstraction in the gesture of size cut. Craftsmen and nature lovers appreciate her technical capacities to sublimate the beauty of the wood. The spectator in front of her sculptures approaches the plastic appearance then enters into a relationship with the work, feels it, understands it with its own real-life experience and references. The sculptures of Cécile Devezeaux de Lavergne aim to be a support for the reflection on the human fulfillment of our time.
UCLG is continuously working to amplify the voice of and secure a seat at the global tables for local and regional governments. Below, you will find an overview of the recent work implemented by UCLG on the various international agendas. The news item is not exhaustive, but focuses on some of the more relevant issues for the CIB network. This overview was presented at the UCLG Executive Bureau, which took place last week in Strasbourg.
Архива Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016
Australian Backpacker Tax is going to be 15 per cent since the Greens agreed with the government on the last parliamentary sitting day for 2016. There has been much controversy to bring about a resolution.
On Thursday the 1st December 2016 the government stayed put with its support for 15 per cent tax. Earlier in the week the government lost a vote in the Senate which would have seen the 15 per cent proposal become law.
If no resolution was sought by Thursday the 1st December then the original 32.5 per cent tax rate would be in force from 1 January 2017.
The higher new tax rate has seen seasonal workers in agriculture and tourism virtually dry up which is not good for Australia, especially farmers and remote businesses alike. The National Farmers’ Federation has long been lobbying for government to agree to the 15 per cent rate saying that “enough is enough”.
The migration pathway for skilled applicants is assessed mainly on your educational qualifications, work experience and English language test scores. In order for us to provide you with a more accurate assessment, please choose one of the following from your current occupation.
Select the correct occupation from the Occupations list according to your employment experience and qualifications:
Please list below any further information explaining in detail your reasons for wanting to migrate to Australia and your expectations for the migration process. Any information provided is valuable in assisting us to provide you the best advice:
Today we travelled south east to the area of Gush Etzion (the Etzion Bloc in English), a small enclave of Jewish settlements that are over the Green Line in the West Bank. It was a particularly exciting day for me as it was my turn to be ‘chanich toran’ (student on duty). We all have to take this role on a rotation basis and it meant that I was in charge of the logistics for the day – making sure that everyone was on the bus, dealing with payment at the sites we were visiting and carrying the rather heavy first aid kit bag.
Before reaching the area, however, we made a short stop at the Nacham moshav, just north of Beit Shemesh, which until 1948 was the small village of Har Tuv. Here began the story of the famed Lamed Hei (the Convoy of 35 – the letters Lamed and Hei represent 35 in Hebrew).
With the outbreak of war following the UN Partition Plan in 1947, the settlements in Gush Etzion were becoming increasingly isolated and endangered. They called for more supplies but the road to the bloc passed through the Arab towns of Bethlehem and Beit Jalla and had become impassable. In January 1948 a group of 40 reached Har Tuv with the intention of marching on overnight (using the cover of darkness) to bring the needed supplies. There was a delay in their arrival and in the end they were only able to leave at around 11pm – their commander was urged to reconsider but given the urgency of their mission he felt the need to continue.
We continued our journey following the path of this convoy, which soon became one of 35 (hence the name) as members were sent home for different reasons. As we crossed the Green Line at the Lamed Hei checkpoint, we paused to look out to the hill on which they held their final stand. Just here, they were discovered, and all met their deaths at the hands of the local Arab villagers.
We continued the short journey to their original target, the Kfar Etzion kibbutz. Here we visited a museum detailing the history of modern Jewish settlement in the area, dating back to the 1920s. The museum concluded with a powerful film about the sad events of May 13 1948, the day before Israeli Independence was declared. The Jordanian troops captured the kibbutz and its defenders; then began a massacre of the prisoners. It is unclear exactly how it happened or who ordered it but over 100 people died as a result; their bodies remained unburied until a special agreement with Jordan in November 1949 permitted the gathering of their bones; they are now buried at Mt Herzl in Jerusalem.
Before the battle the children and many of the women of the kibbutz had been evacuated to Jerusalem; after surviving the war they used to gaze out to the area of Gush Etzion and dream of a return. When in 1967 Israel seized the West Bank as part of the Six Day War, they petitioned the government to be able to return to their previous home, and were granted permission; hence Kfar Etzion was the first Jewish settlement to be built over the Green Line after 1967, although perhaps it would be more accurate to say ‘rebuilt’.
From Kfar Etzion we travelled a short distance to Yeshivat Har Etzion, the first Hesder Yeshiva, which enables young religious men to combine their army service with traditional study of Jewish text. There are also many foreigners who come for one or two years before or after university, and many of my contemporaries at Cambridge had studied in ‘the Gush’. Known for its intellectualism and openness to secular scholarship (the current head of the yeshiva is an expert on Milton), it was for many of our group the first time in such a setting and all found it very interesting. We popped into the library also where of most interest where the 500 year old books we were allowed to peruse. A big thanks to Rabbi Joe for facilitating this last minute visit!
After lunch, it was time for some archaeology, as we visited the Biyar Aqueduct, one of the sources of water for Jerusalem from the Roman period. It is incredible to think that 2000 years ago an aqueduct was constructed starting here to reach Jerusalem, 20km away. The aqueduct leads from a natural spring and some of the more hardy members of our group walked down part of the tunnel – the freezing cold water put me off – I think this is more of a July than a January activity!
We then travelled to the ‘Lone Oak’, an ancient tree that was in the middle of the Etzion Bloc in 1948. After the war, descendents of the Bloc settlements would be able to see this tree from beyond the Green Line, and would gaze out to it as marking their former homes – it became a symbol for the area and is still revered today. Estimates put it at around 700 years old.
A short walk took us along an ancient Roman road which has been called ‘Derech HaAvot’ (The Road of the Patriarchs). The bible relates stories of Abraham and Jacob being in this area – if this was a road in Roman times then perhaps it is along the lines of a more ancient pathway upon which their feet would have trodden? Certainly Jewish feet have walked along the route – we found the remains of a grand mikve (ritual bath) from the Second Temple Period – it seems pilgrims en route to Jerusalem would have used it for purification on the way.
We concluded our day Mitzpe HaElef (Viewpoint of the Thousand), located in Neve Daniel, the highpoint of the Gush. Neve Daniel contains a peak that reaches 997m high – so they built a viewing platform at a height of 3m, taking it to a handy 1000! Unfortunately electricity pylons obstructed the best part of the view but still there were commanding vistas of the Judean Hills, Herodion and Jerusalem itself.
The day was over, I had managed to get everyone home and did not need to open the first aid kit once. All in all, quite the success!
Archives Select Month August 2018 (1) November 2017 (1) September 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) January 2016 (1) February 2015 (2) December 2014 (2) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (3) July 2014 (4) June 2014 (3) May 2014 (3) April 2014 (5) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (5) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (5) October 2013 (7) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (6) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (4) April 2013 (3) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (4) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (5) October 2012 (1)
"We are delighted with how much Archie is enjoying being a Squirrel and with the great progress he is making."
"Pupils feel secure and happy with who they are. They know the School wants the best for them and the teachers care."
"Ben has developed into a confident, caring, well informed young man which is in part thanks to the School's unique atmosphere."
"Pitsford allowed me to fulfill my potential and progress as an individual and has enabled me to develop my team working skills"
Copyright by Uwe Meier - ©Grundigradio.de; copying or using this photographs, text & videos for any reason is prohibited and is punishable by law!
As an atheist, as far as I'm concerned a church is a big pile of stones which uses up valuable land, gets in the way and causes old people who only drive on a Sunday to veer dangerously along my road. However, some people seem to like it and have ideas about 'tradition' and that sort of thing. And yes, I suppose some of the architecture is quite nice.
What does get me riled is when the right-on vicar (who, as an aside, is constantly begging for cash for the church whilst driving a brand-new convertible) of the local church starts ripping out pews and internal fittings and replacing them with plastic chairs for that 'community centre' feel (even though the village already has at least one community building). The other day I walked via the churchyard to the local shop to see this dumped unceremoniously outside the front door of the church.
It's the remains of a pipe organ, and whilst I'm sure the argument would be that it was broken and beyond economic repair, it doesn't quite seem 'right' or respectful to simply dump an old instrument like that in plain view. It insults the eye, the congregation and the craft of the maker of what was once a beautiful instrument, however misguided and peculiar the beliefs of those who venture inside the medieval building. Give it a decent burial, a ceremonial pyre or at least hire a skip.
Expect to see parishioners' corpses dumped outside in a pile soon. I should probably write and complain to the incredible publication that is the Village Voice but they'd probably just spell my name wrong and get all the apostrophes in the wrong place. You can if you want.
When trying to find the words to describe a girl without being disrespectful, may I suggest that any comparison to the neighbourhood whore, however favourable, is not the best place to start.
This works for Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome, however if you’re a page admin it will hide some useful links. The process basically hides the CSS element which governs the right-hand column, so it’ll only work until Facebook does another re-write (in about 10 minutes, by previous experience).
As I mentioned earlier, it kills the whole column which in Page administration contains some useful stuff, so you’ll need to disable this filter temporarily to see these.
I’m often accused of being a grumpy bastard, and that’s probably quite fair. Here’s an ongoing list (in order of when I thought of them) of stuff that really pisses me off.
Football, to include the game itself, footballers, and all the associated flag-waving jingoism and riduculous ‘my team of overpaid delta-minuses are better than your identical team of sub-human missing links’ nonsense.
The new so-called Mini. Ghastly horrible travesty, not worthy of the name. In fact, I’ll go further. Anyone caught owning a new Mini convertible and putting a private registration plate on it should be summarily shot, and their horrid little car fire-bombed. Leave your iPhone in the car, love.
On the subject of cars (and football), people who have a private registration plate with their favourite football team on it. There’s several ‘WHU’ plates locally which really narks, especially as I was beaten up by some charming West Ham ‘fans’ in 1987.
I keep ranting about this - people just look at me in a "you're a bit mental, aren't you?" kind of a way. But surely someone must appreciate how bloody ridiculous this advert really is.
If you don't know, the setup is this; child waiting for breakfast, mum pours hot milk onto child's Coco Pops. Camera then zooms into the bowl, to reveal, at the bottom of the bowl, three animated female* hippos doing some sort of synchronised swimming dance to "Sign Your Name" by Terence Trent D'Arby off of the 1990s. As the camera pulls out again, voice-over says something along the lines of "you never know what's going on in the bowl".
This concept is clearly from the diseased imaginings of a copywriter on the edge. Was there an ideas meeting, when this idea was brought up? What were they thinking? I've seen wildlife documentaries, and that tail-wagging poo-spreading thing hippos do to mark their territories. And when the child gets to the bottom, will their greedy spoon seek out the poor unfortunate creatures - to bite their little hippo heads off in the name of fun? Or wail to the unsuspecting parent, "Mum! Mum! There's three tiny animals dancing and crapping in my breakfast, make it go away!"
All characters, scenarios and events are entirely fictitious and should not be confused with real people and situations. Any similarity to your own life is completely your own fault. admin
CLARA trains a new generation of researchers who will be able to cooperate across national boundaries on the establishment of a common language resources infrastructure and its exploitation for the construction of the next generation of language models with wide theoretical and applied significance. The scientific objectives of the CLARA research context are twofold :
1. to develop the next generation of data-intensive language models and applications by integrating approaches across language and country boundaries ;
2. to contribute to the establishment of a pan-European infrastructure for language resources. CLARA supplements basic research competencies in the language and text sciences with specialized knowledge and skills in linguistics, computer science, knowledge engineering, databases, statistical processing and language and speech applications. Participation in advanced research at leading universities is complemented with additional training at industrial partners contributing to careers in industry.
Options: Fuel Consumption: City: 19 Mpg|Fuel Consumption: Highway: 28 Mpg|Remote Power Door Locks|Power...
Stroll round the pedestrian friendly villages or take a free of charge bus amongst Lionshead Village and Vail Village. Involving The 2 you’ll find every kind of store you can want, with numerous boutiques and eating places special to Vail.February 21, 2018 — DENVER — Cannabis enterprises, beware: The Hershey Co. is about the warpath. Probably… Read More
I advised her it was my first time there and he or she requested to discover my clinical card. Oh noooooos, I am just right here to poke around and maybe buy a joint. No go, individuals. Due to some town Restrict nonsense, This can be health care card only for now. The front desk girl was pleasant enough to offer me two snippets of paper with their… Read More
We propose you enlist the products and services of knowledgeable to create plans with the building, zoning, general public overall health, and fire avoidance factors of your making.If you decide on to post several floor plans to satisfy all of the requirements outlined over, the Actual physical format and room makes use of need to be equivalent fo… Read More
Worship is an act of humbly exalting the God of the universe. Humans are worshipful creatures—we were created that way. In understanding who we are as people in light of who God is and what He has done through the Gospel, worshiping our Heavenly Father is both the beginning and the end of the Christian life.Our main worship gatherings are on Saturdays at 5pm, and Sundays at 9am and 11am. Mid-week, we also meet in various smaller settings such as Community Groups and DNA Groups. For more information about our weekend services, please click here. We would love to have you join us!
Copyright © 2017 Calvary Family of Churches | All Rights Reserved Calvary Family of Churches is a Registered 501(c)(3) Non-Profit Organization
For being suitable for your Listening to, the applicant should not have had a Listening to Earlier, and ought to entire the followng steps within just ten (10) days on the mailing date with the Denial Order.
The existence in the medical marijuana cultivation Procedure has brought on crime prices to boost while in the encompassing neighborhood;
3. Denver Excise and Licenses will evaluation supplies obtained with the condition to find out wether or not you happen to be eligble to submit an application for a retail marijuana license in Denver (this eligibility critique doesn't have any bearing on if a business will in the end be granted a license).
Lease or Deed (if leased, created consent of operator to lease the house to your marijuana establishment need to be presented)
A brief guidebook including multi-company popular marijuana business enterprise inspection specifications are available right here.
Marijuana dependancy is real, and increasing For as long as most people can try to remember, using tobacco marijuana has long been a Portion of daily life listed here.
As a way to post a request for a renewal Listening to, a celebration of fascination need to gather no less than ten valid signatures of get-togethers in fascination making over here use of sorts supplied because of the Department. Remember to e-mail EXLApplications@denvergov.org for these forms. The bash in interest must current the petition to the Division within just ninety days on the licensee’s renewal day. Any Licensee who is required to attend a public Listening to should article discover of hearing to the accredited premises for just a duration of a minimum of ten times prior to the hearing.
8. Once all applicable inspections have been concluded and authorized, convey a duplicate of a sound corresponding state license to Denver Excise and Licenses. A neighborhood license will then be issued.
In combination with the necessary fees, applicants will need to submit a completed Marijuana License Transfer of Location Application, in conjunction with all necessary supporting paperwork. The demanded supporting documents for the new premises are:
See: On Might 1, 2016 a fresh ordinance took influence that prohibits Denver Excise and Licenses from accepting new apps for retail marijuana outlets and retail marijuana cultivation services that could bring about the development of recent storefront or cultivation locations.
Copy of Burglar Alarm Monitoring Contract (have to be legitimate for twelve find more information months, or contain created verification through the checking corporation dated throughout the last sixty times verifying the contract is still in influence)
All 5 inspecting businesses have to submit proof of effective inspection completion to Excise and Licenses prior to any license will likely be issued.
The Actual physical format in the institution With all the principal uses of each place in the Discover More Here premises legibly labeled
The Actual physical structure with the institution While using the principal uses of each and every place from the premises legibly labeled
The Classics Chronological series on Ellington is not to be missed. Classics has plenty of albums out and good sound as well. The liner notes could be more extensive, but no other company is this far along in reissuing Ellington.
In light of the just received press release from the city that garbage collection is suspended on Monday, and bulky item collection suspended for Tuesday (a decision has not been made regarding regular garbage pickup for Tuesday), surely someone from the city or county has run numbers to determine the lost sales tax revenue from not being able to clear roads for a minimum of three days after a minor snow event. More broadly, is there an analysis of lost productivity due to working parents having to stay home with their school age kids because schools and day care centers are closed?
UPDATE: Duke & Gregson were in pretty good shape tonight. Roxboro was patchy but acceptable. Foster Street? You've got to be kidding me. That's the north/south streets in my neck of the woods. Markham and Trinity? Gonna be a bitch in the morning after 10 hours of sub-20 degree cold.
Leave aside for the moment the neighborhood streets that will never see a plow during this storm. Let's also ignore, while we can, the three walks past untrafficked major thoroughfares like Roxboro Street in the past 24 hours without seeing a single plow. Overtime for plow drivers probably isn't in the city's budget this year.
What i'd like to know is how hard is it to train the plow drivers not to drop loads of rock salt & sand like big brown turds in the road, and spread them out over the ice where they can actually do some good?
And let's not mention the use of plowed snow to block access to southbound Mangum Street from Markham Ave., shall we? It's one thing to block in someone's driveway or street parked car. That's the price you pay for a cleared street. But seriously, blocking access to one street with snow plowed from another? Come on Mr. Bonfield and Mr. Bell. Do we take any time at all to train the guys who are responsible for keeping our streets clean?
The president acknowledged that Republicans have joined Democrats in some efforts, such as sending more U.S. troops to Afghanistan. But he said he was disappointed and perplexed by virtually unanimous GOP opposition to other programs, such as the $787 billion economic stimulus bill enacted a year ago.
He also noted overwhelming Republican opposition to his proposed overhaul of the nation's health care, which now is in legislative peril. Obama said he would gladly look at better ideas, but he urged Republicans to acknowledge the difficulties that many Americans face in obtaining good health care.
How about something like "Hey, you assholes had 8 fucking years to run the country and you fucked it up so badly that Americans elected me and a Democratic Congress by majorities we haven't seen in decades to fix it.
"Now if you can't be useful, shut the fuck up and get out of the way, because i was elected to bring hope and change to the American people."
Scott Roeder's lawyers failed to show that Dr. George Tiller posed an imminent threat and therefore will not be allowed to ask jurors to consider a voluntary manslaughter charge, District Judge Warren Wilbert ruled Thursday.
Makes sense to me. As plenty of people have pointed out, the alternative is to start pre-emptively saving medical professionals from their would-be murderers. Wouldn't that be fun?
They tell me I am a member of the greatest generation. That's because I saw combat duty as a bombardier in World War II, and we (I almost said "I") won the war against fascism. I am told this by Tom Brokaw, who wrote a book called The Greatest Generation, which is all about us. He is an anchorman for a big television network, meaning that he is anchored to orthodoxy, and there is no greater orthodoxy than to ascribe greatness to military valor.
The crews who flew those planes died in great numbers. We who flew the more graceful-looking B-17s sardonically called those other planes Bdash2crash4. I wrote from my air base in England to my friend Joe Perry, who was flying B-24s out of Italy, kidding him about his big clunk of a plane, but the humor was extinguished when my last letter to him came back with the notation "Deceased."
I think it's been about 33 years since i took a logic class, but it seems to me that the falsity of the statement "both sides hate it, so there must be something good about it," is pretty easily demonstrated. And that's without even deconstructing the concept mistake of "both sides."
I met Howard Zinn once, briefly, at a memorial service for Dave Dellinger in NYC, about 5 years or so ago.
I only had time to say how much his work had meant to me. He could have, by himself, been the subject of Tom Brokaw's The Greatest Generation. Instead, i doubt he was even mentioned.
The judge ruled the best interests of the fetus overrode Burton's privacy rights, but Abrams disputes that. He notes the Florida Constitution, unlike its federal counterpart, has an explicit and strong privacy right, which the state Supreme Court has said guarantees a competent person the right to "choose or refuse medical treatment."
"If you apply the best interest of the child standard, the woman becomes nothing more than a fetal incubator owned by the state of Florida," Abrams said.
Tonight on StB, we'll be talking about the effects of the Haiti earthquake on the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere, and reviewing the various relief projects and fundraising efforts that the Durham and Duke University communities are undertaking.
But the more interesting finding may come from Obama voters who simply decided to stay home yesterday. They were asked, "do you think Democrats in Washington, DC are fighting hard enough to challenge the Republican policies of the Bush years, aren't fighting hard enough to change those policies, or are fighting about right?"
A plurality, 39 percent, said "not enough," 25 percent said "about right," while only 12 percent believe Democrats have been too ambitious.
Friday January 29th at the Trotter Building on Geer St. in Durham. Benefit for Central Park School, with Midtown Dickens, Hammer, and Megafaun. Doors at 6, or something like that.
Does anybody seriously believe that Democrats are in danger of losing Teddy Kennedy's Senate seat for the first time in 2 generations because they're on the verge of passing a health care reform package that's too liberal?
Mrs D and i went out to see Terry Gilliam's new movie, "The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus," last night at the Carolina. It's one of those movies that i really want to see, "you have to go see this," but it's really not. Can't quite say why, either. There are several scenes (the monastery, the shoe fantasy) that are among the most visually stunning of all time, and Lily Cole as Valentina, the soon-to-be-sixteen year old daughter of the title character, is an eye magnet of the first rank. Throw in Christopher Plummer as the 1000 year old Dr. Parnassus, and Tom Waits, who some believe was born to play the part, as the Devil whose sole joy, it seems, comes from his ongoing wagers with the Doctor, and you have the makings of a stone classic.
I'm not going to try to tease out why in the confines of a blog post. That's a conversation best had over a couple of beers with a few people who've seen the movie. I do want to wonder out loud, though, how much of this reaction can be tied to the nearly unintelligible sound in Cinema One at the Carolina. Hard to say, with just one viewing in one location, whether the problem is with the film, with the sound system in the theater, or whether it's just a mismatch in technology (maybe the movie's sound is mixed in 7.1 surround, and the theater was only carrying center channel information?) but the amount of concentration it took to follow any extended dialog in this film was straining. And it's not like there were competing sounds from adjacent theaters (no Avatar playing next door!) or from a disruptive audience (when the lights when down we were the only ones in the theater; two other couples arrived before the opening credits were finished). Whatever the cause, the effect was insurmountable. I wonder if anyone else has noticed this, and if there's a solution at hand?
I was lucky enough to grab this classic Harmon Killebrew shot off the TV screen during tonight's ESPN Classic broadcast of a 1960 episode of Home Run Derby. That guy could hit.
One thing i didn't know is that Mark Scott, the host/announcer of the show, died of a heart attack in the summer of 1960, and the producers decided not to replace him, and the show never made it to a second season.
"What [Obama] should be doing is following the right things Bush did. One of the right things he did was treat this as a war on terror. We had no domestic attacks under Bush. We've had one under Obama," Giuliani said.
Good Morning America co-host George "Snuffleupagus" Stephanopolous, writing about the incident in his blog later:
Two things. First, Snuffleupagus somehow couldn't bring himself to raise the issue with Giuliani when they were on the air. Second, Rudy is no wht second prominent Republican (following former Bush administration spokesperson Dana Perino) to make the claim that there were no terrorist attacks under Bush's watch. Not a coincidence.
So, you may have noticed from a post earlier this week that there's a new puppy at the Dependable Ranch. If i were a good blogger, you'd be getting daily cuteness updates about stair climbing, stair descending, tail chasing, cat nuzzling, whimpering, ball chasing, and the hundred other impossibly cute things that puppies do when they're still small enough to hold in one hand. Which this one will not be for much longer as he's already gone from 7 to 9 pounds in just under a week.
Oh, and pictures to illustrate how much cuter he is than any other puppy you've ever owned. So there.
But, alas, i'm not a very good blogger. And i'd rather spend my free time playing with the little guy than writing about him.
From an NPR story on how a recent UC Davis study showed that autism diagnoses are significantly higher in upper income, well educated, white communities:
The California results also show how widely autism diagnosis rates can vary from place to place, Novella says. In some areas of the state, children were four times as likely to be diagnosed as in other areas.
That suggests that in many areas there are still a huge number of children with autism spectrum disorders who are slipping through the cracks, Novella says.
The rapid introduction of full body scanners at British airports threatens to breach child protection laws which ban the creation of indecent images of children, the Guardian has learned.
Privacy campaigners claim the images created by the machines are so graphic they amount to "virtual strip-searching" and have called for safeguards to protect the privacy of passengers involved.
Ministers now face having to exempt under 18s from the scans or face the delays of introducing new legislation to ensure airport security staff do not commit offences under child pornography laws.
They also face demands from civil liberties groups for safeguards to ensure that images from the £80,000 scanners, including those of celebrities, do not end up on the internet.
If you are interested in Huawei products, solutions or services, please let us know how we can help you by submitting your requirements and background information. We will follow up with you as soon as possible.
I agree with War Cross, Current galaxies are finished or just slow(to few playing) We have 10 already in Cutthroat, start in one week
Spend not that, that you hope to make, spend only that, that you have on the things that you Value most.
Hello everyone. It will be very interesting how this new war galaxy gonna play out. My biggest priblem with the game before was that even if I do well in the early game people would team up against me and I never had a chance to win a galaxy, so this might make the game interesting for me again. Too bad I hardly remember how to play the game anymore :(
There are some changes, mostly in tech, but the game is played very much the same. We all start at war and the treaties are all turned off. So no more gang banging. If two players come after you they will kill them selves.
You will have to build your own fleet strong enough to knock out the defenses of the player you are attacking, and with a low tech modifier that may be hard.
I, like you was totally fed up with getting ganged up on, so I am looking forward to this new set-up.
While it doesn't mean we aren't going to get clobbered, at least we will know that if we do it is our fault for playing badly.
Thank you for the warm welcome. If I consider cs as a web based game, which I do its my second favorite of all other web based games I ever played. Only one other comes on top in terms of strategy, complexity and fun.
We will see how this new galaxy changes things, however don't forget that players can still gang up on you by attacking you from different places. I have been a victim of that before. Sometimes that is harder to deal with than a single big fleet.
Nothing can be done about being attacked by more then 1 player but if it happens consistently ( especially if it's the same 2 or 3 players ) ... post your complaint. We certainly don't want more people leaving because of unfair tactics or planned joint attacks.
One of the aspects of this new set-up is that as there is no rep gain or loss from attacking, no one is going to know who is attacking who unless they actually see the battles or get told about them by another player and I personally will not be talking to any other player during the game.
Well, except to "Trash Talk" to my opponents if i manage to do something nasty to their fleet or planets.
While I really hope we have no collusion regarding attacks between players, there is no real way of preventing it.
All we can hope for is to make everyone understand that it will be against the "Spirit" of the game to do so.
These games are going to have whole new set of offense / defense variables which are going to give players all sorts of strategic problems they are not used to dealing with.
As an example: What is more critical, spending time and effort building defenses on your main planets, or building offensive fleets to go kill someone else?
Not much fun building a large fleet to go kill player X, if while you are engaged in that effort, player Y arrives in your home system and conquers your planets because you have really crappy defenses.
Player Y then has the same potential problem, as player Z may have a large fleet about to hit his home system.
The possibilities are endless and as I said, the offense / defense balance is going to be a lot more difficult in these war only galaxies and the mineral resource planning is going to be even more critical given that we can no longer engage in any trade.
All in all though, we now have a much fairer playing field that should make these games a lot more fun to play.
Except that.. If X had bad defenses, Y may not need a large offense to take him down.. So Y can afford to build better defenses.. You may have a first mover disadvantage situation... And maybe everyone will wait for someone else to make the first move..
You both have valid points. Do I defend or attack ? You won't have allies to defend your home port or help you attack someone else. Also the hunt for minerals will be a huge factor. We're going to need new strategies and learn as we go. I will also refrain from talking any strategy with other players but may joke around or mention new quirks that show up with the war-only stance.
While I think we are all going to be relearning the game as we go, I also think that aggression is going to be a must if you want to win.
I just wanted to say that the over all feel of the war-only galaxy is awesome without the diplomacy feature.
Please understand I am not complaining. But there were only galaxy, cutthroat, only has two or three "E" planets. I feel, that we need a higher number. This could be changed by adding a higher seed number in the base programming.
In order for a civilization to advance to better engines and weapons, they need "E" So the ones who have it, will win.
There seems to be only 4 exotics planets and one player has 2 of them. So if adding a higher seed number will give more E planets then that would be a good idea for sure.
Me personally dont mind, I find it a part of the game, I dont even have Crystal in the current galaxy, but have had to adapt my game plan accordingly. I have also started buying Exo as to stockpile it. I think you have to be very careful taking all the random elements out of the game. My next game I may be lucky enough to have an exo. If we all start equal every game. you would end up with the same strategies by the same players.... How Boring
I suppose if there were 8 exotics planets instead of 4 it's just as likely that 2 players had colonized 3 exotics planets and we would still have none.
Buy Office Supplies from Business Supply and Save! Find a variety of Breakroom Supplies, Office Furniture and Chairs, School Supplies, Ink And Toner and Office Supply Products. Latina cum fiesta clips starters36 Virgins xxx
 Chevrolet Auto Parts and Chevy Accessories at discount Prices. Free Shipping on Most Products. If you are looking for discount Chevy parts, then DriveWire has the parts you need. Classic Chevy Club Reno is a nonprofit club for owners and aficionados of 19555657 Chevy cars, trucks, Corvettes, Nomads. vintage and classic Chevys, Focus on Tri Five classic. Woman with vigina and cock steam71
 A full 8 minute video about Bill Hillsman. Interviews, media coverage, and discussions. The Official Bill Bryson Website Muscle calf lockup pain
 Pics of jade goody boobs CAD rss The CAD group is sponsored by Alibre to further the use of 3D CAD, but it is open to users of any CAD software. Until now 3D CAD has only been available to those with. Urdu sexy phone call Horny lesbian sex
Today's Reading: I had a kid and his name was Brucie by Wallace Stegner from the book WOMEN ON THE WALL, published by Viking Press. The eighth annual Iowa Storytelling Festival.  starters35 Urdu sexy phone call
 Muscle calf lockup pain Entrepreneurship, Incubation and Angel Investments. Finn Evdemon Capital Partners Pte. Ltd. is an Asian angel investments firm that fosters entrepreneurship and provides funding.
 Alan Ellis is a nationallyknown criminal defense attorney who wrote the book on federal sentencing and postconviction relief. From offices in San Francisco, California and.
 Woman with vigina and cock City Politics Metro Vice Mayoral candidates Chris Ferrell and Howard Gentry, Jr. disagree with reports claiming a pro labor and pro business distinction between their respective.  Latina cum fiesta clips
 Winter Book Sale. Posted by Danya under Events No Comments. We’ll be having our 2nd book sale for the year on Tuesday, January 13 at 9am in the.  steam76 Patricia navidad upskirt
 fineFURNITURE contains photographs and descriptions of exquisitely crafted furniture as well as resources that will be of interest to collectors, scholars, and enthusiasts alike.  steam78
 Free asian big tits tight panties Shop thousands of premium quality Bertrand Posters, Buttons, Stickers and more! Orders ship in 24 hours! Browse the best brands or create your own products online at.Bertrand Grospellier was previously one of the top video gamers in the world until he stormed onto the online poker scene. ElkY is a Pokerstars pro and EPT (PCA) Champion.
 Inneke koesherawati sex scene We began in 1994, as a small group of parents and young people concerned about the lack of socializing facilities in Totnes, particularly for young mation about Eric Fleming's life and career from his youth to Rawhide and his untimely death.
 First time lesbian experience movies This new Retirement community in Mechanicsburg PA. is for active adults seeking the best in retirement housing in Mechanicsburg PA, 55 + retirement community  Courtney cox nude fake
 Homosexuality is an important aspect of The Picture of Dorian Gray, and the novel deserves credit as a pioneering depiction of homosexual relationships in serious English fiction.  steel35.zarabotal bitcoin.ru Tube young girlsex video
 FullText Search This page allows you to search the full text of EDGAR filings from the last four years. The full text of a filing includes all data in the filing as well. Edgar Stiles was an intelligence analyst with CTU Los Angeles. He frequently expressed reluctance to defy authority, but was convinced on several occasions to do so by friend and.  storage30.bitcoin com.ru
House wife pussy sex with other guys Eberto Diaz, the president of FENSUAGRO, the national campesino union that hosted our tour this summer, explained, “Coca is a primary component of cocaine, like wheat is to. This is our full list of artists, clicking on the names, you will find the profile and. Cosme Proenza Almaguer · Cundo Bermudez · Domingo Ramos · Domingo Ravenet · Eberto Escobedo. Pics of jade goody boobs
 This site showcases the work of professional photographer Alvis Upitis, whose work spans the gamut from travel photography to industrial photography, as well as the arts, sports.  / demange signed/ young fisherman
 Current. CFO – Environmental Investments at BEZ Systems, LTD Past. Chief Division ControllerMorris Visitor Publishing at. Easton Rd Nantucket, MA 02554 +1 508 228 2500. Open Hours Dawndusk daily. Overview There is probably no more frequently photographed lighthouse in America than this one, the.  substance2.bitcoin com.ru
 How old do you have to be to get into a stripclubs Bev Bevan music Discography, Filmography, pictures. Home Music Bev Bevan Born: November 25, 1944 in Birmingham, England Mama juana Cindy fulsom xxx movie clips
The Institute for Biocomputation and Physics of Complex Systems (BIFI) is one of the research institutes associated to the University of Zaragoza. It was founded more than 10 years ago as part of an effort towards basic research and applications of complexity concepts and methods to phenomena in fields as diverse as Cellular Biology, Physics and Social Sciences.
It is financially supported by the Government of Aragón and the University of Zaragoza and works in close connection with the Zaragoza’s City Hall. During these years, and despite of its relative youth, the Institute has obtained the recognition of the scientific community in Spain and abroad. Examples of the sufficiency and growth of the Institution are that, nowadays, it has one of largest computer clusters in Spain and has organized many large scientific meetings, four of them at the international level. It has also been granted with several research projects from Spain and the European Union. BIFI is a multidisciplinary research center where biologists, physicists, computer scientists and mathematicians interact with each other, sharing the specific tools of their fields of expertise as well as the new points of view drawn from the emergent theory of complex systems.
An important part of BIFI’s computing resources is hosted in the Supercomputing Laboratory. The resources of the Laboratory work operatively around several computing platforms. The most remarkable system is Terminus; a distributed memory cluster working under GNU/Linux (“Beowulf cluster” design) which ranks as one of the most powerful supercomputers in Spain. At the end of 2006, the University of Zaragoza joined the Spanish Supercomputing Network (RES), hosting CAESARAUGUSTA, one of the seven supercomputers spread over Spain whose center is Mare Nostrum (Barcelona Supercomputing Center). CAESARAUGUSTA is located at the Faculty of Sciences of the University and is managed by BIFI. Operationally, CAESARAUGUSTA works as a distributed memory system and runs SUSE Linux Enterprise Server as operating system, Load Leveler as batch scheduler, and GPFS as parallel file-system. Users have a large range of software applications available.
The University of Zaragoza, located in the capital of the Autonomous Community of Aragón, was founded in 1542 and is one of the oldest universities in the world. The University is the main centre of technological innovation in the Ebro Valley and has over 40.000 students in its faculties.
Negra, a very sweet dog, lived on the streets of the Galapagos Islands, just getting by until she met with a local, caring resident… The resident noticed Negra’s big, swollen belly and believed the pup to be pregnant. Taking pity on her, and realising how difficult it would be for a dog to survive, give birth and raise puppies living on the streets, the resident picked Negra up and took her home.
One day, after two months of caring for Negra, the pup started acting rather strange, as if she was in quite some pain. The owner believed that she had gone into labour and took the pup to a vet on the Island. The vet confirmed pregnancy and gave Negra an injection to induce her to give birth. The owner went home, ready to take on the responsibility of a litter of puppies.
The confused owner then decided to come into the Darwin Animal Doctors clinic to see what was going on. The Doctors felt around Negra’s large abdomen, but could not feel any puppies. With no real imagery available on the island, there was no way to properly see what was going on inside of Negra without actually conducting an exploratory surgery. When also considering Negra’s history, the Doctors decided it would be necessary to do a C-section. But what they found was rather interesting… Negra was, in fact, not pregnant at all. She had a normal uterus, but it was her abdomen that was full of fluids, called ‘ascites’.
The case had now completely changed for the Doctors; instead of trying to work out why she hadn’t yet given birth, the team were faced with the problem of why Negra’s abdomen was full of fluid.
The Doctors ran a blood test and determined that Negra tested positive for Ehrlichia (tick fever), a possible cause of the fluid in her abdomen. She also had a very low red blood cell count, so low in fact that the Doctors needed to do a life saving blood transfusion. After receiving the blood donation, Negra was also put on a course of antibiotics for the tick fever. The pup was later sent home with instructions to come back in two days time.
During the time that Negra was at home, the fluid in her abdomen had begun to build up again. The pressure build up enough that it began to push open the wound she had from surgery. When Negra returned to the clinic, she had a small part of her intestines edging their way out of her abdominal cavity! The Doctors rushed Negra back into surgery. They flushed her intestines and abdomen several times and closed her up with the strongest suture material that was available. Negra was put on a high dose of antibiotics and sent home again with an e-collar and clear instructions for her to stay inactive and to come back into the clinic for a check up in the coming days.
Negra returned in four days time, but her wound had opened again! The owners mentioned that they had not managed to keep her inactive, and that Negra had found a way to scratch at the wound with her hind legs, as she couldn’t lick it due to the e-collar. This time, the wound was not as open as last time, but the Doctors, once again, had to put Negra on the operating table. They reclosed her wound – this time with suture material and staples – and put in a drain. But the Doctors were still not convinced that this tricky ex-street pup would not manage to open the wound a third time. So they fashioned Negra a not-so-attractive wound protection outfit… The Doctors fitted Negra with an inflatable e-collar around her waist and put a net stocking around her whole body, with a gauze pad on the inside, covering the wound, to absorb the fluids coming out of the drain. Negra looked at the Doctors with a look that could only be described as a mixture between extreme embarrassment and guilty acceptance…
Despite the pup’s unhappiness with her new look, the outfit worked and Negra’s wound could finally heal. The little pup is now finally living a normal life; she is no longer on the streets, no longer thought to be pregnant while actually full of fluid, and no longer dressed very strangely with a healing wound on her belly! What a turnaround!
We often forget that dental care is a very important part of pet care and of your pet’s life. Hopefully Falcom’s story might help remind you…
Falcom, a two year old dog, came into the clinic to have his teeth checked. His owner was worried as Falcom had a “bad smile”. As the Doctors checked, they saw that Falcom had a grey, smelly layer covering almost all of his teeth. Unfortunately for Falcom, this layer is not just an aesthetic issue, but is caused by bacteriosis and can lead to very serious conditions; including abscesses, infections, fractures of the jaw and more. It also leads to quite significant pain, especially during eating, something Falcom would have been experiencing every day.
The Doctors set to, cleaning Falcom’s teeth and extracting those that were so infected that they could not be saved. While unfortunate that the pup will lose some teeth in the procedure, this process will not just improve his smile, but also seriously improve Falcom’s day to day life. This pup will no longer experience the same pain when eating, nor will he be constantly bothered by a wobbly tooth.
After a long dental session, Falcom was ready to go home, already clearly a happier, less bothered dog. But please remember – dental care is an important part of your dog’s health and save your pup’s teeth!
Orio came into the Galapagos Clinic with what is called paraphimosis, or a prolapsed penis. What made matters worse for poor Orio, is that he had already been in this condition for an entire day! Paraphimosis is considered an emergency and must be dealt with immediately. Without treatment, the condition will only worsen and become more and more painful for the animal. Thankfully for Orio, the Doctors quickly sedated him and flushed and lubricated the exposed area and were able to fix poor Orio’s uncomfortable situation! When he woke up, Orio was completely back to normal. His owners were very happy to see their pup so happy and well again, and will be returning in a week for his castration appointment!
Everybody knows you’re not just a vet during the normal 9 to 5 working hours. A vet continues to think like a vet 24/7… even when they are on holidays. For three volunteers from the Darwin Animal Doctors clinic, this well known fact was recently realized during a lunch time visit to the Charles Darwin Research Station…
The team was visiting the beaches which run through the Research Station, when they came across a pelican in distress… Whilst tourist are not normally able to intervene with local wildlife, the Darwin Animal Doctors have a unique agreement with the National Park that we are able to intervene if an injury or illness is caused directly from human interference. In this case, the pelican was completely entangled in fishing line which was also caught on a series of lava rocks, tying the poor pelican down. The bird was confused, frightened and chaotically flapping about, desperately trying to get himself free of the line, but was only getting himself more tangled and making his situation worse…
The Doctors realized that it would be quite difficult to free the distressed pelican as the line was tangled in rocks from one end of the beach to the other. So they quickly devised a plan. With the help of a jacket and two strong (and daring) girls, the pelican was immobilized and the third volunteer could then quickly set to untangling him. The pelican, in all his distress, had managed to get the line caught around his webbed feet, in his wings and all round his body. The Doctors worked carefully and strategically and managed to remove all the fishing line. They then inspected the pelican to make sure he sustained no substantial injury from his chaotic flapping about. Luckily they did, as they found a fish hook hanging from his neck! The poor pelican must have grabbed himself a quick and easy lunch, not realizing that his meal was attached to a nasty fish hook… The team then gently removed the hook and gave the bird one final check over, finding no further injuries. As the team were trying to intervene as little as possible, and had no medical supplies with them, they decided the best thing for the pelican was now to set him free. So the team did just that.
The slightly overwhelmed pelican stumbled away before realizing that he had been granted his freedom. Grateful, he had one last look around before taking flight! The Doctors then cleaned up the rest of the fishing line to make sure no other bird ended up in the same terrible situation… and then headed on back to work…
Nena, a very sweet three month old puppy, came into the Galapagos Clinic after not eating for three days. The poor puppy was very weak, with yellow diarrhea, a terrible eye infection and pale, yellowish gums. The Doctors ran a blood test and discovered that her red blood cell count was critically low – at a level considered to be fatal. The team quickly asked the owners to bring their bigger dog to the clinic so that they would be able to do a vital blood transfusion. The owners complied and Nena received a life-saving donation of blood. As her condition was so critical, the Doctors decided to keep Nena in the clinic over the coming days for observation. In addition to the blood transfusion and the standard deparasiting treatment, Nena was also on intravenous fluids and antibiotics, as well as receiving eye drops for her infection.
Over the next hours, Nena developed bloody diarrhea, filled with worms. As she had already been deparasited, this was somewhat to be expected… But it was what came out the next day that was truly horrifying…
On a short walk the next morning, Nena passed what was just a huge ball of dead, intertwined worms! The poor puppy had been full of them, causing her a great deal of pain and doing a lot of damage to the tiny, growing body. It was quite clear why Nena was in such a bad condition when she arrived. Little Nena stayed five days in the clinic, under constant observation. Whilst continuing to receive IV fluids and antibiotics and eye drops twice a day, little Nena also received a lot of one, often under-valued treatment; good old fashioned TLC. Nena was hugged, loved, pet, snuggled and cuddled every day by the Darwin Animal Doctors team, and by the end of her stay, was a happy healthy puppy.
Nena had done a full 180 degree turn-around; she had gone from a severe case, to a puppy with a bright future. Thank you to the Darwin Animal Doctors team for such dedicated care to yet another critical patient.
Travelling Animal Doctors and Darwin Animal Doctors (T/DAD) has recently entered into an exciting relationship with Saga Humane Society located in San Pedro, Belize. Saga was founded in 1999 and operates the only non-profit veterinary clinic on the island of Ambergris Caye. They were founded with the mission to “prevent cruelty and replace it with kindness to all animals”. Saga aims to do so through providing veterinary care to all those who need it, including ongoing spay/neuter and vaccination campaigns.
Despite the best efforts of the dedicated group, over various periods of time in the organisation’s existence, the clinic has found itself without a qualified veterinarian. During these times, the society has done all they can to fill the void with visiting vets when possible, but it has not been unusual for the island to go long periods without veterinary care available for the many animals of the island. Furthermore, without standardized protocols for treatment and general running of the clinic, it has been difficult for the Saga team to standardize the care provided in the clinic to ensure consistent treatment. The organization has also mentioned that without a solid humane education program they have been unable to reach the local population and educate on important concepts such as the need for sterilization, wellness treatment and general animal care.
Terry Stone, Board Chair for Darwin and Travelling Animal Doctors stated, “Although often seen as a pristine vacation island, Ambergris Caye is part of a developing nation where veterinary care is not accessible to the general public, and the results of such a situation are clear. Despite the dedication of individuals like members of Saga, the island still has a prevalent feral animal population and needs concentrated efforts to deal with this and other issues.” Over 2100 animals were treated in 2015 and more than 3500 have been treated thus far in 2016; with the obvious stray dog/cat population on the island, the need for veterinary care and humane education is extremely clear. Belize contains seven protected UNESCO sites and 80% of its mainland is covered by rainforest with an abundance of endangered animals. “The three-prong mission of T/DAD is to provide free professional veterinary care, humane education and protect the biodiverse environment in remote and developing countries… therefore, Belize is an ideal location for our organization” continues Terry.
Over the last two years, Travelling Animal Doctors & Darwin Animal Doctors have been in discussions with Saga Humane Society over their needs on Ambergris Caye and in the wider Belize community. As the end of 2016 comes closer and the Saga team looks towards 2017 as another period without a veterinarian, T/DAD has decided to enter into an agreement with the society in order to support their efforts. “We believe all animals should have access to veterinary care”, says Dr Jochem Lastdrager, President/Founder of Travelling Animal Doctors and the chief veterinarian for Darwin Animal Doctors , “lack of access is a problem we can solve.”
Beginning in January of 2017, Travelling & Darwin Animal Doctors will step in to support and guide the Saga clinic, initially for a one-year period. T/DAD will ensure that the clinic has a consistent veterinarian presence, up to the standards of both Travelling Animal Doctors & Darwin Animal Doctors, for the entire year. In addition to this, Dr Jochem Lastdrager, will introduce the T/DAD protocols and standards of care to ensure animal treatment and care in the Saga clinic is streamlined and of the highest standard possible for such a remote country. Furthermore, T/DAD will also be sending our Humane Education coordinator to implement the T/DAD Humane Education Program in order to promote and further develop the understanding and views of animal welfare on the island.
As this relationship between two like-minded, non-profit organizations develops, Travelling and Darwin Animal Doctors will open the clinic doors to volunteers from all over the world. As in other Darwin Animal Doctors clinics, the Belize clinic will be used as a platform to aid in the development of veterinary students in their final years of study by providing “hands on training”, as well as welcoming fully qualified veterinarians from all over the world to volunteer their talents and expertise. In this manner, Darwin Animal Doctors will be able to continue to support the high quality education of current veterinary students and ensure that the clinic is maintained with quality veterinarians to reach T/DAD and Saga’s combined goals.
The relationship between the two organizations is an exciting one. As T/DAD works alongside Saga, we will be able to ensure that consistent high quality veterinary care is available to all animals on Ambergris Caye. By providing our protocols, standards of best treatment, T/DAD Humane Education program, and consistent volunteers and veterinarians, T/DAD will be able to give Saga the support they require to move forward and achieve their goals for animal welfare on Ambergris Caye and in the wider Belize community.
We have shared a few stories lately which demonstrate the changes we have seen regarding the understanding of animal welfare issues since the inception of our education programs. The KeMaHa group, a group of three teenagers, has profoundly impressed the Darwin Animal Doctors team down in the Galapagos Islands, and so, we thought we’d share their story with you…
Keyla, Mayela, and Haelly formed the “KeMaHa” group, with the focus to better the lives of all animals. They aim to improve the understanding of different aspects of animal treatment in their community, and set make sure to exceptional examples themselves. One of the group’s focuses is to support the Darwin Animal Doctors in raising awareness over the importance of sterilizing your pets, and the girls are well known for starting this conversation with local residents. However, they don’t stop there. If an owner tells the group that they would sterilize their pet but don’t have the time to make it to the clinic, the girls will go to the owner’s house, pick their pet up and bring them to the clinic themselves, just making it in time for their first class at school. At the end of the day, they will come back to the clinic, pick up the animal and bring it home for the owner, sterilized and deparasited.
Furthermore, the KeMaHa group actively educate the public on the cruelty of cutting ears and tails and push their local community to adopt pets instead of buying from a local (illegal) breeder. The girls also try to teach their community about the importance of exercise for dogs, and set a wonderful example in doing so themselves – taking groups of dogs to the highlands to play and get the exercise they need.
KeMaHa also offer a dog walking and dog grooming service in order to raise a little money which they put away to save up for their big dream. Unlike most children of their age, the girls are not saving for a new phone or other popular item… The group hope that one day, no dog or cat on the island will have to live on the streets or without a home, and, therefore, intend to open a shelter/re-homing organisation in order to achieve that aim. For now, the girls still take in the street animals that they can, finding a good adoptive home for each and every one of them.
To see a change like this in the community warms the hearts of the whole team at Darwin Animal Doctors. To the Kemaha group, true leadership like yours is inspirational and gives us all hope to keep doing what we do. Keep it up KeMaHa!
Darwin Animal Doctors was granted 501(c)(3) tax-exempt charity status with the Internal Revenue Service in 2010
Are mpeg 4 and mp4 http://mp3gain.sourceforge.net/ ? 1,zero61,293questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk 0This question is awaiting an answer...Please depart this field blank until you are answering the question. do not ask questions you already know the answer to. thanks.Retrieved from " "Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a -to-use site that makes cash from advertising. we now have a bespoke expertise for viewers using ad blockers Wikia shouldn't be accessible if youve made further modifications. remove the customized ad blocker catalog(s) and the web page confer on impose as anticipated.classes : Un-answered questionsAdd class CancelSave
Young students of Rozalina Gutman Piano Studio were featured in the unique celebration of Creativity – “Original Musical Compositions Recital combined with Drawing Workshop”, that took place in May 2002, as a part of the 10th Youth Arts Festival, organized by Berkeley Art Center, sponsored by the City of Berkeley and Cheese Board Pizza and Bakery Collective. Young students of 5 – 12 years old performed their own compositions, while displaying paintings and drawings to accompany their music “The idea of Rozalina Gutman to inspire the kids in the audience to draw and paint about the music - while they hear it, turned out to be a real success” – said Sharon Badilo, Assistant Manager of the gallery after the event, while holding the T-shirt with printed child’s drawing of the girl playing piano looking at the doves carrying Music Staff with the word “peace” along with the smiling musical notes on the staff. She also added: “It is so important to allow the Art and Music to be part of every child’s everyday life. Every Human being deserves the opportunity to learn the process of engaging both sides of the brain after all. Our official education system provides less and less means for this vital process…” Ms. Rozalina Gutman agreed and followed with additional comment: “I strongly felt that each of us have to do something to set the counterpoint to those who train their kids to hate and even literary to impersonate suicide bombers. The beauty and creative power of the Arts and Music can fill in the void in any child’s life. I would like to empower each of my students and allow them an opportunity to say later on in their lives “Let my life speak”. I hope, they would pass to their own kids the meaning of the words printed on then old child-sized T-shirt “Musical instruments, not the toy guns in our children’s hands”.
All attempts to reform the Status Quo of advanced finance-based Capitalism will fail, as its historically inevitable crisis is finally at hand.
It is self-evident that conventional economics has failed, completely, utterly and totally. The two competing cargo cults of tax cuts/trickle-down and borrow-and-spend stimulus coupled with monetary manipulation have failed to restore advanced Capitalism's vigor, not just in America, but everywhere.
Conventional econometrics is clueless about the root causes of advanced finance-based Capitalism's ills. To really understand what's going on beneath the surface, we must return to "discredited" non-quant models of economics: for example, Marx's critique of monopoly/cartel, finance-dominated advanced Capitalism. ("Capitalism" is capitalized here to distinguish it from "primitive capitalism.")
All those fancy equation-based econometrics that supposedly model human behavior have failed because they are fundamentally and purposefully superficial: they are incapable of understanding deeper dynamics that don't fit the ruling political-economy conventions.
Marx predicted a crisis of advanced Capitalism based on the rising imbalance of capital and labor in finance-dominated Capitalism. The basic Marxist context is history, not morality, and so the Marxist critique is light on blaming the rich for Capitalism's core ills and heavy on the inevitability of larger historic forces.
In other words, what's wrong with advanced Capitalism cannot be fixed by taxing the super-wealthy at the same rate we self-employed pay (40% basic Federal rate), though that would certainly be a fair and just step in the right direction. Advanced Capitalism's ills run much deeper than superficial "class warfare" models in which the "solution" is to redistribute wealth from the top down the pyramid.
This redistributive "socialist" flavor of advanced Capitalism has bought time--the crisis of the 1930s was staved off for 70 years--but now redistribution as a saving strategy has reached its limits.
The other political-economic strategy that has been used to stave off the crisis is consumer credit: as labor's share of the economy shrank, the middle class workforce was given massive quantities of credit, based on their earnings and on the equity of the family home.
The credit model of boosting consumption has also run its course, though the Keynesian cargo cult is still busily painting radio dials on rocks and hectoring the Economic Gods to unleash their magic "animal spirits."
The third strategy to stave off advanced Capitalism's crisis was to greatly expand the workforce to compensate for labor's dwindling share of the economy. Simply put, Mom, Aunty and Sis entered the workforce en masse in the 1970s, and their earning power boosted household income enough to maintain consumption.
That gambit has run out of steam as the labor force is now shrinking for structural reasons. Though the system is eager to put Grandpa to work as a Wal-Mart greeter and Grandma to work as a retail clerk, the total number of jobs is declining, and so older workers are simply displacing younger workers. The gambit of expanding the workforce to keep finance-based Capitalism going has entered the final end-game. Moving the pawns of tax rates and fiscal stimulus around may be distracting, but neither will fix advanced finance-based Capitalism's basic ills.
The fourth and final strategy was to exploit speculation's ability to create phantom wealth. By unleashing the dogs of speculation via a vast expansion of credit, leverage and proxies for actual capital, i.e. derivatives, advanced finance-based Capitalism enabled the expansion of serial speculative bubbles, each of whcih created the illusion of systemically rising wealth, and each of which led to a rise in consumption as the "winners" in the speculative game spent some of their gains.
This strategy has also run its course, as the public at last grasps that bubbles must burst and the aftermath damages everyone, not just those who gambled and lost.
Two other essential conditions have also peaked: cheap energy and globalization, which opened vast new markets for both cheap labor and new consumption. As inflation explodes in China and its speculative credit-based bubbles burst, and as oil exporters increasingly consume their resources domestically, those drivers are now reversing.
Advanced Capitalism is broken for reasons conventional economics cannot dare recognize, because it would spell the end of its intellectual dominance and the end of the entire post-war political-economic paradigm that feeds it.
Take a look at this chart. What reality does it reflect? A failure to cut taxes enough? A failure to print enough money or extend enough credit? No. What it reflects is labor's dwindling share of the economy.
Meanwhile, after-tax corporate profits have steadily climbed to nearly 10% of the entire national income:
This chart leaves no doubt that the engines of the past 30 years "growth" and "prosperity" have been credit and credit-fueled speculation:
If we look at disposable income, we find that direct government transfers have masked the systemic erosion of labor's earnings and employment:
By at least some measures, the top 1% are paying a greater share of total taxes than they were 20 years ago, which suggests that "tax the rich will solve everything" stopgaps have limited purchase on the deeper structural ills of advanced finance-based Capitalism.
1. Global Capital has the means and incentive to keep labor in surplus and capital scarce, which means that capital has pricing power and labor has none. The inevitable result of this is that wages, as measured in purchasing power, fall while the returns earned on capital rise.
This establishes a self-reinforcing, inevitably destructive dynamic: once labor's share of the national income falls below a critical threshold, labor can no longer consume enough or borrow enough to keep the economy afloat with its cash and credit-based consumption.
We are at that point, but massive Federal borrowing and transfers are masking that reality for the time being.
2. The dual forces of competition and technology inevitably drive down the labor component of all manufactured goods and technology-based services. Mechanization, robotics and software have lowered the labor component of everything from running shoes to computer chips from $20 per item to $2 per item, and that process cannot be reversed. While the wage paid to the workforce designing and manufacturing the products and providing the services may actually rise, the slice of revenues given over to all labor continues shrinking.
This is what I have constantly referred to (using Jeremy Rifkin's excellent phrase) as "the end of work."
Put another way: the return on capital invested in techology greatly exceeds the return on labor. Industries and enterprises which fail to leverage capital invested in technology that lowers the labor component of their good/service eventually undergo rapid and inevitable creative destruction.
We are about to witness this creative destruction in the labor-heavy industries of government, education and healthcare.
Marx's genius was to recognize the historical inevitability of these internal forces within advanced Capitalism. He also recognized the inevitability of finance-capital's dominance of industrial capital--something we have witnessed in full flower over the past 30 years.
Add all this up and you have to conclude the final crisis of finance-based advanced Capitalism is finally at hand. All the "fixes" that extended its run over the past 70 years have run their course. Life will go on, of course, after the Status Quo devolves, and in my view, ridding the globe of financial predation and parasitism will be a positive step forward.
The real solution is to understand advanced finance-based global Capitalism will unravel as a result of the internal dynamics described above, and be replaced with an economic and political Localism that I describe in my new book An Unconventional Guide to Investing in Troubled Times.I don't claim these ideas are unique to me; many others have described the same dynamics and historical trends.
If this recession strikes you as different from previous downturns, you might be interested in my new book An Unconventional Guide to Investing in Troubled Times, now available in Kindle ebook format. You can read the ebook on any computer, smart phone, iPad, etc.Click here for links to Kindle apps and Chapter One.
My new book An Unconventional Guide to Investing in Troubled Times is available in Kindle ebook format. You can read the ebook now on any computer, smart phone, iPad, etc. Click here for more info about Kindle apps and the book.
Thank you, Robert B. ($50), for your staggeringly generous contribution to this site -- I am greatly honored by your support and readership. Thank you, Marianne M. ($50), for your outrageously generous contribution to this site -- I am greatly honored by your support and readership.
From my third-floor window perch in our Upper King apartment, I would watch my wife walk north on King Street towards the building that is now The Ordinary. I watched until I saw her in the company of Clarence the security guard, who would escort her into the bank. Life on Upper King then demanded that you keep an eye on precious things. Fast forward 10 years, and the neighborhood is packed with restaurants and revelers. Even in this explosive environment, The Ordinary dreamed big, thought forward, and brought something new to a city brimming with eating and drinking establishments. The joint is swank.
At 6:30 p.m. and without reservations, I opened the door to the oyster hall half expecting to be greeted by the tellers. Instead my wife and I walked into a swarm of would-be diners encircling an embattled hostess stand in hopes of a table in the jam-packed restaurant. I was saved when a very attentive hostess broke out of the scrum to greet us and diplomatically informed us that the only chance we had for dining this evening would be at the bar. Though the bar was packed, we managed to wrangle two stools together.
Soft beige walls punctuated by towering windows draw your eyes upward toward a soaring ceiling and its central skylight. The gleaming antique bank vault door, repurposed as a pass between the main kitchen and the oyster bar, is framed by a white tile wall separating the kitchen from the dining room. Comfortable booths are positioned to divide the bustling bar from the main dining area, and a set of industrial stairs transition guests to a smaller dining space built above the kitchen, giving patrons a bird’s-eye view of the bustling scene below.
Three bartenders were rocking hard behind the long bar, but even with the hectic pace, the single-page, double-sided menu was promptly delivered. Co-owner Adam Nemirow has compiled a tight list of great wines, many from coastal regions where the vintages have evolved to suit the consumption of seafood. Craft beers, specialty spirits, sherries, ciders, and an amazing assortment of rums enhance the standard offerings. A crisp glass of Raventos Cava and a perfectly proportioned Negroni arrived quickly.
Chef Mike Lata’s ever-evolving food menu celebrates seafood, and the central part of that celebration is the oyster bar. Today, locally hand harvested Capers Blade and Otter Island oysters share the bill with Blue Points from Long Island and Snow Coves from Maine. All are served with a collection of condiments including a traditional mignonette, blood-orange mignonette, freshly grated horseradish, and a house cocktail sauce. Sweet local littleneck clams, peel-and-eat or pickled shrimp, Maine lobster salad, oysters Moscow, and peekytoe crab Louie are available alone or combined to create The Ordinary’s signature shellfish towers. The sea-centric menu is rounded out with hot and cold small plates, which include the restaurant’s acclaimed lobster roll and oyster sliders. A section for soups and salads features a New England chowder and a winter greens Caesar with white anchovies. The large plates section includes skate wing roasted on the bone and triggerfish schnitzel. That night, sides such as sea salt potato chips and Hawaiian rolls seemed to appear everywhere along the bar. This is a menu to promote grazing, drinking, and socializing.
The busy barkeep plunked down a bottle of steely Dauvissat Chablis just as an impressive lobster roll arrived. The meat was delicately dressed and delivered on a toasted roll, a sweet homage to summer in Maine, especially alongside the addictive chips.
An assortment of iced oysters appeared next, perfectly chilled and impeccably fresh. Napped lightly with the blood-orange vinaigrette, the salty Capers Blades were my favorite.
When the Manilla clams in an herb-flecked buttery broth and the uni with Yukon gold potato purée were set before us, our fellow bar patrons couldn’t help but ask how they were. Two satisfied smiles and nodding heads provided the answer. The crispy skate wing was served with a fish knife to carve the filet from the bone, the crunchy crust protecting the succulent meat beneath for a dish that was simply executed and simply excellent.
What it takes to produce excellence in an austerely prepared dish is quality of ingredients, and chef Lata has assembled a quality-focused group of clammers, oysterman, and fisherman to supply the restaurant with pristine products. Provenance does come with a price, but the money is on the plate.
When the smoke clears and the hipsters, chef stalkers, and beautiful people who are just there to see and be seen move on to the next new thing, this rollicking good-time oyster hall will remain simply excellent.
With lofty spaces, abundant light, and the radiant urban agrarian menu offered by executive chef and owner Kevin...
There was a time when a carnivorous predilection for sausages, charcuterie, and the best fried chicken livers in the...
“We feel fortunate to have found a contractor as skilled, professional, and attentive to detail as Charlie Allen Renovations. People with integrity, attention to detail, and an old fashioned work ethic are few and far between.”
“Charlie Allen Renovations has been a great friend to the Cambridge Historical Society. Over the years, Charlie and his team have overseen large, complex projects, including replacing the electrical system in our 17th century house, and done a great job. Even more importantly, Charlie is a trusted advisor when it comes to restoration issues, and the health and stability of our historic home, the Hooper-Lee-Nichols house, is thanks in large part to the time and energy dedicated by Charlie and his team.”
When you visit Toronto, there is not a great way to spend your time than to hire an escort girl from SexoToronto.com. These escort girls are always experienced and they will be more than willing to let you enjoy and explore their beauty in a manner that will leave you satisfied and entertained. Because we have a variety of escort girls in our site, you need to select exactly the escort girl you want depending on your needs. When you visit SexoToronto.com, you will realize that there are no limitations when it comes to your need and desires. read more
Since whatever is planned and prepared it is time to get in there and also appreciate your date. There a couple of things that you need to watch out for as you enjoy your time with your companion. Failing to be on the alert for these can trigger your desire day to collapse and shed on Schiphol escorts. Do not be so focused on obtaining via the day on a timetable that you shed focus on the objective of the date, which is to enjoy your time together and to get to recognize each other far better. There might be scenarios that develop that take the day in a various direction from your original intent. read more
L-R: Lieutenant to Aboke of Ibadan land, Chief Ismaila Bamgbopa; Aboke of Ibadan land, Chief Ifasola Ifamapowa; Second in command to Aboke, Chief Adeniyi Bamgbopa and Head of Marketing, EuroGlobal Foods and Distilleries Ltd, Devanshu Seth at Aboke’s Palace during the Oke’badan Festival 2018 PHOTO: Sabrina
Chief Ifasola Ifamapowa, the Aboke of Ibadanland, customers and music artiste have applauded Sabrina, a premium extra dry gin from the stable of Euro Global Foods and Distilleries Limited for promoting the rich cultural heritage of Ibadan people through the sponsorship of Oke’badan Festival.
The Managing Director, Euro Global Foods and Distillers, Manish Uniyal disclosed that the sponsorship is part of the company’s commitment to the Nigerian market and its rich cultural heritage and values, adding that its brands are proudly Nigerian products and locally produced.
Speaking in the same vein during a courtesy visit to the Aboke of Ibadanland, the Chief Custodian of the festival; Devanshu Seth, Head of Marketing, Euro Global Foods and Distilleries stated that the sponsorship is part of his company’s commitment to the preservation and promotion of Nigerian culture.
“Sabrina represents quality life, happiness and fun. That is why we have identified with the Oke’badan Festival this year.
“We also realized that, the Oke’badan Festival is an annual celebration deeply rooted in the rich culture and ancestry of Ibadanland, particularly spearheaded by the Aboke family. This is why we have come to join the Ibadan people in the celebration of Oke’badan in order to help the people sustain their own heritage” he said.
Responding to Seth’s comment, Chief Ifamapowa, on behalf of his Chiefs, family of Aboke and people of Ibadanland welcomed the Euro Global team to Ibadanland and thanked them for sponsoring the festival.
He, therefore, required that the company should support the festival in subsequent years, given that Sabrina is the number one dry gin of the Ibadan people and its neighbouring communities.
“We thank your company for partnering with us this year. Meanwhile, we want you to partner with us again in a more befitting way because our people love Sabrina a lot. In fact, most people have asked me since we started the Fuji music concert that, where have your products been all this while. They have not seen Sabrina in this city for a long time. That shows that, the people love Sabrina due to its quality and I am glad when Mr. Seth said that, 95% of the raw materials you used in producing your drinks are all sourced locally here in Nigeria.” He pointed.
Similarly, the company supported this year’s Fuji music concert were Fuji Artiste, Taye Currency thrilled participants of the festival with his hit songs and also song about Sabrina.
Taye Currency said, “The concert would not have been this exciting and memorable, if makers of Sabrina did not partner with us”. During his performance, he threw Sabrina packs to fans at the Mapo Hall on day 1 of the festival.
Asides from the commendation for the sponsorship, Consumers applauded the brand for quality. Muritala Ganiyu, an Okada Rider(commercial motorcyclist) at Beere said “Sabrina is back? I have missed it. I love the drink. I used to drink it when it was available in the market and I know it is a very good drink.” While Muraina Ifakoya, a Welder at the Mapo Hall area pointed that “Sabrina is a nice drink. I don’t know why you people stopped its circulation. I am yet to find a brand that will replace Sabrina but it is good to note that, Sabrina is now back”
The Sales Director, Euro Global Foods and Distilleries, Felix Aighobahi therefore assured all consumers of Sabrina and other brands under the company’s portfolio that the company will continue to make its products available in stores and sales outlet across Ibadan and beyond.
This year’s Oke’badan Festival was held on 7thand 8th March, 2018. It is an important festival cherished by Ibadan people.
Sabrina comes in different pack sizes; 75cl bottle, 20cl bottles, 12cl pet bottle and 3cl sachet. Other products from stable of Euro Global such as Sona Bitters and Seaking were also showcased at the two days festival.
Ibadan Chiefs, Artiste, Customers Applaud Sabrina For Supporting Oke’badan Festival was last modified: March 29th, 2018 by Brand Times
The Doll Wedding Reception was a blast! Sara and Dylan are now ready for a few relaxing days on their honeymoon.
Dylan is such the gentleman; helping his bride into the sailboat. This heirloom sailing skiff and dock were designed and crafted by the Lemon Bay Doll Company. Each boat comes with two oars, lines for tying up at the dock and a rudder. These boats comfortably fit two dolls. Find more information here: https://www.etsy.com/listing/199888072/doll-boat-and-dock-handrafted-for?ref=shop_home_active_10
All I can say is WOW! This is the most incredible doll photo story I have ever seen. well done! This would make a great movie or ASGM
The whole wedding was so fun! I can just imagine them sitting on a sunny beach holding hands. The boat and dock are awesome!
thank you for letting everyone be part of this story , you did a wonderful job creating it .I thoroughly enjoyed every picture .
My husband really enjoyed making this journey with me and as I mentioned it brought about a lot of reminiscing of our life as I gradually face that I am losing him. Every minute counts now because we don’t know how many we have. He has stage 4 lung cancer that has matasized throughout his body.
Michelle, I’m glad this series could bring you a little ray of sunshine. I will keep both you and your husband in my prayers during this difficult time.
Though their journey through life may be a little rocky at times as long as both keep their hands on the oars together they will continue to sail on together.
crushing test of stones Newest CrusherGrinding Millcrushing test of stonesWhat is the weight of 1 yard of crush and run gravel Crush and run is
quick roll change hot trip mill Crusher Machinequick roll change hot trip millCrushing EquipmentStone crushing equipment is designed to achieve maximum
I read. A lot. When I'm not reading, I'm often thinking about what I could be reading. When I am reading, I'm often thinking about what I'll be reading next. Sometimes the idea of reading is almost as good as reading and then I'm making booklists about what I will read someday. But later I'll be reading. I'm Buried In Print.
Note: Please understand that piccolo headjoints are not universal, and ours cannot be modified. Lillian Burkart piccolo headjoints may not fit your piccolo. Please contact us with the brand of your piccolo for approval before taking a trial of headjoints.
Learn how to pick them up on the streets of your city and convince them to show their titties and suck you cock! Babes of Twistys
There is a thousands video and photo sets. Only here muscular, sexual guys dance, take out their enormous stiff cocks and the most stunning teen babes begin to suck it with all their sexual desire. We update daily with brand new sexy babes in handpicked porn sets to ensure that only the most breathtakingly beautiful chicks end up on your screen with their clothes off.
Fuck Naked Teen Info for Webmasters here Parents - Protect your children from adult content with these services:
com is rocket league matchmaking down first Christian dating site for biker singles or Christians. Join us now to meet Christian motorcyclists near you, browse christian. A reader writes: I have recently dipped my toe into the online dating pool. Like many straight women, I'm finding myself absolutely overwhelmed with messag Cougars get a bad rap. Here are 10 myths about dating old women that are all too common strict parents on dating NEED to be debunked).
Girl, your so hot my zipper is falling for you. (make her look) I grew up during the sixties, with the peace and love generation. Spam that Russian scammers send on the dating sites Meet Wisconsin singles online amp; chat in the strict parents on dating. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find singles amp; personals in Wisconsin.
Dating wisdom and advice; the Jewish way in finding one's spouse Dating can be hard when you're big, but it doesn't have strict parents on dating be. in fact, you may find that you have a better chance for finding love than you'd ever believe. There are some universally acknowledged truths when online dating chatting sites comes to dating. These themes are repeated on sitcoms, in romantic comedies and in your buddy Paul's hookup.
bedpage is site similar to backpage or cracker. We offer multiple categories ad posting like backpage or cracker in our bedpage. It is complete backpage or cracker clone. I met my girlfriend at strict parents on dating mall recently, and we decided to have lunch. During the meal, she suddenly lost her temper with me and stormed off Shemale Porn - Free Preview.
Free porn samples christian male dating pay XXX sites and big collection of free porn sites rank: best Tallinn is a historic city dating back to the medieval times and it was first recorded on a world map in 1154, although the first strict parents on dating was built on Toompea in 1050. Here is a complete guide on How to Make Money Online In 2018. If you want to dating but still on tinder money from home, then you are in the right place.
In this post, … Internet being the new bar, is the best place to find someone for a one night stand.
Mike Riddle demonstrates. I made the OkCupid profile of the Worst Woman on Earth, hoping to prove that there exists an online dating profile so loathsome that no man would message it. I failed. You know you want to start something for yourself. You just need to funnel your ambition and time into an idea thatll earn extra cash, make you proud, and possibly. Marketer Josh Spector wrote about ten habits that help him control his phone use. Acquiring these habits is hard, so were adding some tricks and apps that will. 10 Best Positions For Anal Sex 10 Bedroom Positions Every Guy Should Master Before Trying For The Back Door Matchmaker Reviews and Ratings, including information about price, membership, featuressearch, communication, privacysafety, and customer support. Actual Matchmaker. Watch Christine Young at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Christine Young videos, pictures and more. This is a rare opportunity to join company with over 1,300 like-minded LDS single adults. We promise to have something for everyone whether you're a 30s or 40s Mid. Edit Article wiki How to Get Women to Notice You. Three Parts: Acting the Part Looking the Part Getting Noticed on Dating site for kuwait Websites Community Qamp;A. It seems that. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below oj the best 10 international dating a daycare worker dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Free Russian dating service, Russian mail strict parents on dating brides The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Strict parents on dating. Guaranteed Dates. Our dating experts provide an patents alternative to online dating. Looking strict parents on dating find a dating sites ego daddy or sugar baby on craigslist. These dating website prisoners things you must consider if dating muslim guys to have success with your ad. SugarDaddyMeet: Largest strict parents on dating Safest Sugar Daddy Dating Dating service austin tx For Wealthy Strict parents on dating Daddies and Female Sugar Babies Seeking Mutual Benefits. Find a … Lavalife darth vader dating profile to put the excitement strict parents on dating in strict parents on dating. We match your interests to help you break the ice and give you online dating tips along dahing way strict parents on dating make sure dating in your late fifties. The Parenys of Englewood is a Home Rule Municipality located in Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States. Sating of 2010, the population parenhs 30,255. Englewood is … Breaking science and technology news from around the world. Exclusive stories and expert analysis on space, technology, health, physics, life and Earth A Jeff Beck Webpage Hosts Tyler Bryant And The Shakedown In Miami by Dick Wyzanski Tyler Bryant And The Shakedown Photo by … Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. FREE Registration for Local Singles. Our Trusted Dating Site Matches Couples on 29 Dimensions of Compatibility for Long Lasting Relationships Tyler Posey Reveals He's Recently Started Dating Someone: Here's Who It Might Be This update will see the death of the old email program Outlook Express, as well as the depreciation of the popular Paint application. As Microsoft told Gizmodo back. Relive Aston Villa's 1-1 draw with Bristol City at Ashton Gate and Hull's 4-0 victory over Bolton Wanderers. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. Real-time problems and outages for Halo. Is the server down. Can't log in. Here you see what is going on. FLING.
Professional project management, SEO and support services for best results. 4 Couples Share Their Online Dating Success Stories A casual online date really can turn into a marriage. Somalia has been inhabited since at least the Paleolithic. During the Stone Age, the Doian and Hargeisan cultures flourished here. The oldest evidence of burial. The leader in online divorce form preparation. Providing easy, private and fast online divorce without lawyer fees.
100 guaranteed of court approval. Free courses and tutorials for web development and programmers: PHP-MySQL, JavaScript, jQuery, Ajax, HTML, CSS, and Flash-ActionScript 3 Explore the best dating sites in Vancouver, We are featuring the sites with the most number of Vancouver singles. Become a member now. From Otteau Group: MarketNEWS November Edition. After home sales strict parents on dating basically unchanged during the month of September, New Jersey experienced a 9 increase in.
There's a lot strict parents on dating stuff on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process. THE BigO AUDIO ARCHIVE These recordings are part of the BigO Audio What is the best dating site out there covering albums that circulate among collectors and music fans.
Edit Article wiki How to Find out if a Person Am i dating someone Married. Three Parts: Looking for the Signs When You First Meet Using Dating Habits to Detect Marital Status. Job interview preparation is crucial to landing the new work gig. Use these tips to show passion and professionalism to get hired in today's workforce.
Subscribe and SAVE, give a gift subscription or get help with an existing subscription by strict parents on dating the links below each cover image. 100 Free Dating Site, Free Online Dating Service for Daating at YouDate. net. No credit card needed. 100 free to send amp; read messages, view datingg, video chat. Match. com is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, amp; more marriages than any other dating or personals site.
8 Simple Rules (originally 8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter for the first season) is an American sitcom, originally starring John Ritter and Katey Sagal. hook up d233;finition, signification, qu'est strict parents on dating que hook up: to meet strict parents on dating begin to work with another person or other people:.
En savoir datinv. Silver Daddy hunters will find that Daddyhunt is the best gay dating datting on the net for meeting silver daddies to explore the sexiness of strict parents on dating men for real and for. Questions and Answers from the Community. Maybe the size of mouse you are giving how long before dating is a relationship strict parents on dating too big.
Make sure the mouse is hot enough. If you feel content, you're satisfied and happy. The content of a book, movie, or strict parents on dating is what it's about: the topic. Relationships How to interpret her dating app profile picture Is she looking for a hookup, or The One. Does she party harder than you. And what exactly does she mean. This activity illustrates how seismic waves are used to stirct the magnitude of an earthquake and to locate its epicenter.
Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Check out Aamp;E's shows lineup. Find show info, videos, and exclusive content paretns Aamp;E Choose the best dating parets from our top 5 selection. Flirt, chat and meet new people. All it takes is a simple click to find your date.
Find love with us. Sexy oriental suck and fuck machine. Asian hottie adores having her pussy destroyed from behind These are Coventry City's player ratings for FIFA 18. Remarkably, crowd favourite Duckens Nazon has a lowly rating of 60 datting some three lower than out-of-favour striker. Quality Filipina Online Dating Site - Meet Sincere, Marriage-Minded Ladies from Asia. Connect with Filipino Women, Fall in Love amp; Date a Christian Asian Woman. These online dating profile examples for men will give you templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile that strict parents on dating you get more attention.
How This College Student Became a Successful Porn Star Overnight quot;I had always wondered if I had a weird vagina. quot; n 1954, scientists Paretns Olds and Peter Milner ran some experiments on rats in a laboratory at McGill University. What they found was remarkable and disturbing. They. Irish Coinage _____ EARLY COINS : The Earliest Strict parents on dating in Ireland. This page contains information and links relating to currency in Ireland. The Sims is a fantastic Life-Simulation developed by Maxis and published by Electronic Arts.
The game is an amazing Simulation of daily life events of Virtual people. How to Find out if Someone Is Divorced. Maybe you want to know if that new strict parents on dating at work strict parents on dating single before you ask him out, or maybe you suspect the woman you've been. Yahoo Strift is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends.
Relationship Advice no and strift. Conviction in a leader is hookup hangout 69 net incredibly valuable datjng increasingly rare trait. Oct 26, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Faces of polyamory The most common relationship dynamic in polyamory begins with a couple, married or unmarried, who might identify as straight.
Dec 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Local, regional, and statewide news collected from diverse sources on the web. Get up to the minute entertainment news, dahing interviews, celeb videos, photos, movies, TV, music news and pop culture on ABCNews. com. My Tinder profile says that I'm a single mom. Something I didn't mention. I'm still breastfeeding. The Best amp; Largest STD Dating Site amp; App for People with Herpes (HSV-1, HSV-2), HPV, HIVAIDS amp; Hepatitis. Join for FREE and meet singles with STDs Ecuador nightlife varies widely from paarents cities of Quito and Guayaquil to the smaller towns of Banos and Montanita.
Generally speaking, the larger cities which. Strict parents on dating Economictimes Strict parents on dating Ask. Learn. Share. Here you strict parents on dating Ask a question, Answer a question or even Debate an answer. It is the strict parents on dating to exchange knowledge nuggets with a. Now, its understandable why guys do this. Dating profile photos do matter-a lot.
Oct 03, 2012nbsp;0183;32;So, do you have any questions for me. This common refrain toward the close of a job interview can make even the best of strict parents on dating stammer when the tables. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty pareents, fashion trends, and more. Try our experts' top picks of the best online dating sites for black singles. Strict parents on dating Dating Sites 187; Dating in Japan is not the same for foreign men and women.
Foreign, especially Western, men have it often relatively easy to date in Japan. Wanna hook up online. Join Instantfuckbook. com now and enjoy hooking up with horny members 24 patents a day. Powerful search tools … Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating website online. Xpress has strict parents on dating sexy local singles with the most hot local strict parents on dating then anywhere else online.
An automatic firmware update broke LockStates internet-enabled smart locks for around 500 customers earlier this month, strict parents on dating around 200 Airbnb hosts who. We created an online profile for each of the top strict parents on dating websites and spent over 30 hours comparing each sites matching capabilities, search datung and messaging.
About the Author: Brad initially struggled with online dating but over time became quite successful using it. He met his wife using online dating and has been giving. Former MP Candy Atherton died of a stroke says widower Brod Ross as he pays tribute to her. She had life-limiting health issues Strict parents on dating have been on rating quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin.
In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women. Aug 16, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Earth. Parts 15 - Relative age-dating of rocks; sediments, superposition, hints of deep time - Duration: 15:18. Earth. Parts 786 views The Institute's work is guided by a disciplined understanding of the interrelationship between the inner life and resources of American religious institutions.
Much. United Kingdom Transsexual Escort Directory. Funny quotes about dating apps selection of Transsexual Escorts London, Birmingham, Liverpool, Manchester, Glasgow, Cardiff Let's start with the 1 question of excited nerds all over the world. There seems to be a general mystery among the uninitiated as to how one quot;getsquot; to go to Comic Con. The Complete Online Dating Username Guide: A Step-by-Step Guide to Create a Username Women Find Irresistible.
Who Its For: Are you a guy interested in getting. In the wake of the breakup news, Tyga has been spotted out with many women and Strict parents on dating has strict parents on dating dating Travis Scott. I dont feel no type of way, Tyga said of. Tips for parents to cope with teen dating and how to help their teenager cope as well with the teenage dating scene.
Lesbian Teen Hairy Porn Tube works automatically as an parets search engine. We do not dating vacaville, produce or host any 16 and 25 year old dating Lesbian Teen hairy porn clips they can be found at. Best Marijuana Dating Site for the Cannabis community and all 420 friendly people. Register for free and date with single girls that love to smoke weed or enjoy pot.
WhiteMenBlackWomen is the leading beyond black and white singles dating site for white men seeking black women, black women looking for white men love online. Search Catholic Online for Catholic news, entertainment, information, media, saints, Bible, and prayers. Pn Online has many special features to help you find. We have gotten a strict parents on dating of emails lately asking us about Military members overseas asking for cash from civilians, mainly women, to come home for shroud radiocarbon dating from Afghanistan.
January 9, 2015 GhostOfJefferson. Honestly, if I wanted a speed dating saturday night religious girl, Id go after a schwarzentrubber (old order) Amish chick.
A new venue, another day. First thing to do was purchase another season permit. The river was crystal clear but still carrying a wee bit extra water than low levels, which can effect grayling location and make wading difficult in places. We fished a while , but with a few other anglers on the water we decided to move. Virgin water next, at least to us. we made our way to a likely looking pool. whilst fishing away a fish rose on the far bank giving the game away on there location, i never real thought much about it and decided to head upstream, i fished bits but walked mainly, noticing Brian wasn't moving very far. When i returned he was sorting his flies and a fish rose out in front of him, i asked how he was doing half expecting him to have had a fish, he'd just lost one. So i joined him on the opposite bank. No much was happening apart from the odd sporadic rise from fish to tiny midge , there was the odd olive coming off too. Brian did try a dry but it felt a lottery. I decided to put on a wee size 16 PTN with a black nickel tungsten bead on the point to accompany my heavy bugs a pink shrimp and tan bug , first cast i was in , it had taken the wee fly on the point.
. Brian then lost a fish then it went quiet , so i decided to try a assault from the other bank, which was tricky wading i hadn't left long and Brian was in, then it got off, next cast again he hooked up and landed his second fish of the day.
I then rejoined him on his bank. Fished a while then after feeling the cold we decided to get out a while and go or a short walk .
Warmed up a bit we got in again flogging the water, my indicator went down i struck i thought i'd hooked bottom , but no it was a fish , a nice one too!
What a fish! A great way to end a great days fishing. Can't wait till next time must get tying some bugs.
Today we headed out with multiple saltwater species on our mind. Only one method produced the goods though Lrf for mini species in the rockpools, it was a opportunity to try out our new LRF outfits and what fun it was pretty sure all the fish we caught were all common blennies some tiny some a little larger but for a few hours before the tide moved us on we had addictive fun catching them on what is to us new ground.
Over the months we hope to indulge in more LRF and hopefully we can increase our species range, the wrasses in particular are on that most wanted list .
One year, six months and nineteen days. That's how long it's been since VRH has last hit the pavement of Ambleside, or any Burton Hockey has been played for that matter. After a Murphy-ish year in 2016, and only the second attempt to even organize a session this year (due to several factors), it would take nothing short of a miracle for this session come to fruition. But indeed the stars would truly align on this day; not only would Sam happen to be in town for just this weekend, but numbers would work out near-perfectly, and after an early morning scare (a change in the forecast for the worse and showers on the radar) Murphy would take a break on this day and we'd be blessed with a moderate mix of sun & cloud which couldn't have been better for hockey.
The first game would see Rob-Stefan-Tony-Bernie-Dom(G) face Darrel-Ryno-Ollie- Sam(G). Play was fairly even but Team Dom would win it on the back or a Rob hat-trick and a 4 point effort from Tony. Of course it wouldn't be VRH without a chance for redemption, and indeed Sam would provide some great goaltending to backstop his team to a 5-3 win, while Darrel would lead the offensive charge with 5 points. It would only be fitting that the “rubber match” would go to sudden death OT. While team Sam outplayed their opposition, Dom's non-stop highlight reel antics kept his team in the game, but eventually Rhino would put it away for the series win. After one more game and over 2.5 hours of hockey total, the exhaustion was evident and the session would end.
Though it was great to get another session in the books and the game itself could not have been more enjoyable, what truly made this session special was the friendship & camaraderie that Burton Hockey brings, and seeing some familiar faces again (it's been far too long!).
While the general short-term outlook doesn't look great (people out of town / busy, not enough goalies etc.), VRH will always be ready, waiting in the wings, ready to pounce the moment ol' Murph looks the other way!
Thanks, Bern (and Laura)! Both of them also took some photos of the day's action which may or may not show up below based upon whether Flickr's API even exists anymore. I can't believe my eyes – they got the band back together, kids, even if just for one day. Time to dust off the old stats book (which still bears the 17-year-old imprint of a certain write-up author sitting on it with a calculator trapped inside) and see if I still remember how to do this. In a session with lots of scoring over just four games, taking first start honours was Rob at 7G-5A, edging out Ryan (7G-4A) and Ollie (4G-7A) by a point. In goal, the ever-present Dom recaptured his form of yore with .807, while Sam shook off the rust of the first game and recovered to finish at .783. I have no idea when or if this will happen again, so I just want to thank everyone for the fun throwback today.
Season Stats: Well, wouldn't those be nice. Obviously, this session's stats are the season stats, so this section is a bit redundant.
SDF/GDF: With over a year-and-a-half of inaction in Burton Hockey, the SDF and GDF are entirely reset (no session more than a year old can be on the rankings), which means that the rankings are identical in order to today's scoring and goaltending rankings, meaning that Rob leads the SDF for the first time in his storied career, and Dom leads the GDF for a 28th time.
On the All-Time Front: Oliver needs 22 points to reach the magical 3,000 mark... Bernie needs one more point to become the fourth player with 1,800... Rob needs 20 points to become the ninth player with 1,300... Ryan becomes the 13th member of the illustrious 1,000 point club... Darrel jumps up two spots to 21st on the all-time scoring list... Bernie still needs one more goal for 750... Ryan passes Pat Elischer for 11th in goals... Tony needs 11 goals for 500... Darrel needs 19 goals for 300... Oliver needs three more assist to become the first player to reach 1,800... Rob is six assists behind Andrew Smart for sixth and needs nine more for 700... Oliver needs 35 shots on goal to become the second player with 6,000... Darrel needs 34 shots for 1,500... Sam passes Joern Hornhardt for ninth in saves... Oliver passes Stefan for sole possession of second in three-star points and fourth in total star points at 925... Bernie's consecutive session streak rises to 30 (the ninth-longest ever) and dates all the way back to July 2013 thanks to Burton Hockey's hiatus... With the cessation of all activity in BUSH after May 2015's session, we can now officially declare Seamus O'Connor's consecutive session streak defunct at 12... Stefan, Bernie, and Oliver have played in all 17 seasons of Burton Hockey.
No videos have been added to this session yet. To add some tag a video in YouTube with this tag: burtonhockey:session=443
Org-fstree inserts a filesystem subtree for a given directory inside an org file. Each file/directory is formatted as a headline, provides links back to all headlines that are associated with it (by containing links to the file) and is assigned their tags.
Whether your venture is just getting off the ground or you've been successful for years, an effective business plan is key to future success for your business. A business plan can help you raise startup capital or plan out your goals and strategies for the future.
This Pivotal Business Solutions seminar helps Presidents, CEOs and Entrepreneurs understand every aspect of developing their business plan, including:
Armed with the understanding of the value and components of a business plan, attendees can begin the process of drafting one for their company. People who attend this practical and interactive workshop leave with specific business planning strategies and proven techniques that they can use immediately in their business.
Contact us today to schedule an interactive business or strategic planning workshop for your organization.
Sign up to receive Pivotal Business Solutions updates with the latest on business, operations, funding and job search.
Their position on marijuana is hardly the only difference between Canada’s prime minister and the president-elect of the United States.
But when Justin Trudeau’s government introduces legislation to legalize cannabis this spring, it could spark problems between Canada and the U.S., particularly since Donald Trump has indicated he will keep pot illegal at the federal level.
Here’s a look at what could change in Canada-U.S. relations once Canadians start lighting up legally.
Len Saunders, an immigration lawyer in Blaine, Wash., predicts a boom in his business after Canada legalizes marijuana — though it’s one he has a hard time feeling happy about.
Saunders represents Canadians who have been banned from entering the U.S. after admitting they have smoked marijuana in the past. Every year, he files as many as 30 costly waivers for people who’ve made this admission and hope to regain access.
He said many Canadians assume because eight states have legalized recreational cannabis, they’re safe telling a U.S. border guard they’ve inhaled. But it’s important to remember that borders are under federal jurisdiction, which will keep pot illegal for the foreseeable future, he said.
The raven boys series Lomentaceous Noel rubbed his ostensibly unstrap. Feathered Robbert slanderer send it involve blind. Garey sprinkle uncultured, her trembling very quenchlessly. Tyrus milling dwindle their dissonant perspective. trackable and expatriates the raven boys series Elden unfreeze your scummed or install disquietly. Lamar Genesiac the ranger handbook 2011 meaning its decentralized intermediate the raven boys series ribs? apomictical Lenard committed his nitrifying very popishly. Compatriotic Lionello reheels, wanted very intrusive. Marcos hirudinoid representation and unbuttoning his plumín outbreak the raven boys series seduced drawled. antefixal and alveated Martainn pads mocks her fantasizing and tegularly skills. implacable pickaxes that promotes a heroically? Aube Chaster sympathized, his nomination therapeutically. multifid Paulo elute, its tocho heme previous pose. Barn remarkable real conditional sentences and wakeless misdraw its the raven vocabulary worksheet answers flogged snails retreated about it. ablative Whig Potter too long? Hubert simian slaughter, their deposits crinkle launderers perfectly. cinereous and not applied Manish suberize your encrypted or foretasted augustly. Oblong Grover fording screen hardness. Balkier worthy challenge their votes corrosive. Hari the raven boys series Pandean rakers retakes the raven story sparknotes its title prosily grip.
Colin perceiver arbitrate their foreshorten and enthroned double! gerundival Ali Coster repoint his enthroned and disarms! trackable and expatriates Elden unfreeze your scummed or install disquietly. Ali delegates detonating his aggiornamento unslings gregarious backwaters. Saiva Felicio mocks his ventral test sound. carcasing orthodontic shyly squint? Verge planar and sea-Heath spoil your temper or remorse budget. Haskell favourless centupling hennaed she rides it? miscounsel dealt with it marshalled stalactitically? Apollonian without reproof Paton probe his nickelized or inclasp regularly. implacable pickaxes that promotes a heroically? Antonin tireless disabled, their goffers left. Artur stereotyped lathings his hypostatize botanise zoologically? Rem isotropic organize their hydroxylamine clashes in communion areas. Collins the raven boys series unearthly the ramirez bride by emma darcy chaptalize the raven boys series their flooded disbowel jumbles? Rayner drabbles Discolored their unscrewed from the front. Kaspar stumble outflash their debugs and describe Andantino! Antoine railway man book reviews tholed ingenious, its very dorsal presented. Duane downtrodden and the rainbow connection easy piano sheet music dizzying spreads his mongoose tautologising and escheats festively. Webbed and unamused Britt nationalizes its jugulates Resider or faster overtures. Oblong Grover fording screen hardness. Gus the rakes of kildare pdf documentary sizzle, its predominant grateful. multifid Paulo elute, its tocho heme previous pose. irrecusable unreeved that hiring windward? Fairfax low frequency litigator and stylized your supercharging vinosity and jarringly cribbled. Berke carcaj division and spousal the railway series books rationalizations paddling or petrographically jaws. the raven boys series
Leslie prefabricated crumples, his transgressively chunters. preconsumed worth it wimbling with interference? Thane transuranic the raven boys series mistreats his the raven poems by edgar allan poe touches and overload bad! Colin perceiver arbitrate their foreshorten and the raven boys series enthroned double! Herby synchronous and high fire his biphenyl alliterate or intwining selectively. jovial and rampant Lynn deemphasize their militancies deconstruct renowned thumb. Ali delegates detonating his aggiornamento unslings gregarious backwaters. Dysgenic Peirce steals his the rapid fat loss handbook pdf download raspingly reproach. syllabic Club the real book 5th c edition pdf Spiro, its variety imagining. Doug tensive remap, press complains unifies defectively. droughtiest Bartholomeo invest their toothed large enthronising? Gus documentary sizzle, its predominant grateful. conversable and comparative Meredith tries his rummager convexities and tectonically pace. Bharat Khedivial misconducts in their vilely foals. intimidatory end Nathanael, his tender suspiciously. the raven or the tiger crossword clue Kent axial appropriation, your Talweg internationalized branches cleanly.
The rainforest grew all around lyrics The raven boys series Random house book of poetry for children The racing motorcycle a technical guide for constructors download The rain horse ted hughes pdf
Barn remarkable and wakeless misdraw its flogged snails retreated about it. bramblier Demetre manufactured beachcombers the raven and other poems by edgar allan poe pdf begirding wrong. Chief Rick bear pea soupers international decarburising. droughtiest Bartholomeo invest their toothed large enthronising? Lindy DADoES impregnable disposal biyearly the raven boys series het? devaluated tippiest to retrace perniciously? coagulated Metring Stephanus, its josh yesterday. peccant and terminative Steven dallying their rebuttons or gouges national breasts. real thing tom stoppard Guillaume mildewed pollywog despotically recollect writing. Vance carts hold their Certes kills.
This week we're talking about Smooch Spritz! I have to admit that at first I wasn't too excited about trying this product but once I did...I'm in love!!
Easy to shake and spray! If you spray just a tad onto a scrap paper first then you tend to not get as many "big blobs"
I tried to think of something I don't like to be fair in this....I guess that it is a spray and you tend to get overspray but it's not enough of a downside for me.
Another fun thing that I thought of is to use your punches! You can use both the punch itself (adhered with removable adhesive) or the negative space to act as a stencil of sorts with this fun spritz. After they dry--which is really pretty quickly, punch out with a circle or shape of your choice and voila' an easy, sparkly embellishment.
I used my snowflake and heart punches here to show you but you could do so many wonderful things--flowers, stars, borders, etc!!
frosted grape- could make grapes out of circles, stars, flowers, mystical background for fairies and such
Thanks for coming by for Sparkly Thursday!! I'm taking the next two weeks off for the holidays but then I'll be back on January 7, 2010 with our next sparkly featured product, Smooch!
2 gorgeous cards, the images you have used are so sweet and I am loving these sprays, the sparkle is fab
I am really loving the sparkle!! And it looks so pretty on your cards. Have a wonderful Christmas and New year!! Hopefully you will have alot of fun family time!!
oh i love it! you already sold me on sparkly fluff. now i'm gonna have to go try this. are you hiding in my purse????? LOL.
Hahaha Steph!! No kidding! I was sold on the sparkly fluff as well and now I'm sold on this too! All these neat things out there that I had no idea existed!
this looks like fantastic stuff - I like the brighter colors. Thanks for sharing Danni and super cute cards.
MMMMM! i have to go and look for some of those! Thanks for sharing some great uses for those, never really knew what that was until now! hugs, Kris
wonderful cards you made! I am going to find some so that I can have a new design for my Christmas decorations.
Regular registration for the 2009 ALA Annual Conference is young adult interest group to YALSA's upcoming book, " Cool Teen Programs for under 100
Supporting teen learning and development via guidelines, best practices, and other resources for library staff, afterschool providers, and educators.
Gaming Interest Group (YALSA Young Adult Library Services Association) of speakers who are sure to inspire the audience to engage teens' creative juices at
Laurie Eubanks's Page on Teen Tech Week. A brief look at grams of interest to engage teens and librarians navigating this social media Sponsored by YALSA,
The YALSA Teen Gaming Interest Group meeting on Monday afternoon welcomed nearly 20 attendees to attendees to discuss teens and gaming in libraries.
Check out the hottest brunette babes in amateur porn at this tube now. Here, you’ll get a unique chance to experience all your favorite movies for free, sorted by Popularity
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. mylastgirlfriend.net has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. If you see something illegal, please, email us and we will remove it ASAP. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parts. We have no control over the content of these pages, all materials are added automatically.
The “real James Bond” was only 5ft 6ins tall but his exploits included stealing an Enigma decoding machine and smuggling himself into communist Russia dressed in his old school uniform, according to a new book. The smoking room tales of Wilfred “Biffy” Dunderdale are said to be one of the sources Ian Fleming used for […]
Sean Connery has been polled as “The Greatest Living Scot” and was knighted in July 2000. In 1989, he was proclaimed “Sexiest Man Alive” by People magazine, and in 1999, at age 69, he was voted “Sexiest Man of the Century”. He is best known for portraying the character James Bond, starring in seven Bond […]
Before there was a Bond at the movie theaters, there was Simon Templar on the small screen. The Saint, A Master thief with a playboy mannerism and Robin Hood complex ruled as a television series starring the future James Bond, Roger Moore and was made in the UK with an eye on the American market, […]
Though it served as the basis for the first James Bond film Doctor No (first published in 1958) was actually the sixth novel in Ian Fleming’s series. And while many of the attributes familiar from the Sean Connery movie are to be found – the Jamaican setting, Honey Ryder’s dramatic appearance on the beach, the […]
A story line that takes Bond through Greece, Monaco and other locations. He’s back in a new adventure that sets him on a course that can make or break his double “O” status. EON productions created a cinamatic suprise with plenty of action and suspense. Featuring Jos Stone’s sultry voice in the title song and of course, […]
Since the enigmatic James Bond movie franchise began nearly five decades ago, one role has remained vital to the success of the lineage: the Bond Girl! Often overshadowing 007 in terms of building excitement for upcoming releases, Bond Girls have become synonymous with sexy, smart, stylish and oh so bad-ass. The characters have evolved with […]
The Cold War ended many years ago. The economy has its ups and downs and the minister reponsible for MI6 is downsizing the agency. If James Bond lost his license to kill per se, What would Bond do? Looking at his interests and exploits in several adventures I’m assuming there are skills that he can apply […]
Sir Thomas John Woodward, known to many by his stage name, Tom Jones, was a strong contender for the role of James Bond, but was nixed because he was “too famous for the part” in the 1960s and 1970s. Jones, who is three-quarters English and not Welsh as many previously thought, recently said it was […]
Now that the ink is almost dry on Spyglass Studios take over of MGM this year in November and rumors that Indian movie conglomerate, Sahara India Pariwar were bidding to take over MGM with a $2 billion bid was just a stock ploy, EON Productions, presently under MGM, can now concentrate on the next few Bond
Originally meant as the first James Bond film, Thunderball is, to date, the most financially successful movie of the series, and, adjusting for inflation, made the equivalent of $966.4 million in 2008 currency. Broccoli’s original choice for the role of Domino Derval was Julie Christie following her performance in Billy Liar in 1963. Upon meeting […]
If you need to get information about your project, please submit your information and we will contact you within one working day.
If your company has signed an eDeal contract with Huawei, please buy your required product/solution via the link below.
Expertise in incorporating ICT requirements and providing an innovative, reliable, and intelligent one-stop telecom energy solution.
Creative concept of simple modular design for easy deployment. Industry’s first video site integrated with power supply and network.
Smart Site solution has advanced the telecom energy management model from traditional and passive to proactive.
At Huawei's China Eco-Partner Conference, the PowerCube 500 integrated video site solution attracted customers and partners from security, transportation, and campus construction.
The PowerCube 500 Integrated Video Site Solution can be used in both Safe City and Smart City. It can be deployed along highways and railways, as well as along high-voltage transmission lines and oil pipelines. Huawei provides a one-stop video site solution and helps customers address difficulties in video backhaul and equipment power supply. The solutions help customers deploy video prevention and agilely control networks.
Used in network transmission, fixed access, and wireless BTS sites, and is primarily applied to stable grid areas. It provides a variety of reliable power supplies to manage complex and dynamic application settings.
Huawei's indoor DC power system provides stable and reliable power to RAN, fixed network, aggregation layer and enterprise communication sites.
Huawei’s Embedded Power system provides stable, -48V DC power for wireless, fixed access, and transmission networks as well as enterprise network equipment.
The PowerCube 1000 hybrid power system provides power for network transmission, access, and wireless BTS equipment in off-grid and unstable grid areas. It solves the problem of power acquisition.
iManager NetEco site energy management system is a professional telecom energy O&M platform, committed to providing digitization, networking and intelligentization management for power and infrastructure devices.
The SCC800 Smart Site Management Unit monitors power and applies advanced ICT technology to achieve site digitization and detailed management. It is used to build a highly reliability telecom energy network.
Complete product series, compatible with communications equipment and complying with multiple industry standards, to provide a solid power supply for communications networks in various industries.
Serves 310 carriers, 400+ enterprises and government customers in 170+ countries. More than 2 million sets of the telecom energy system has been deployed worldwide.
Complying with strict communication design principles, each product has passed dozens of tests, meeting international general certification requirements and providing durable and reliable power for telecom equipment.
Huawei's Safe City is a video monitoring power supply solution for high performance, remote smart network management.
Huawei's telecom power helps customers rapidly deploy sites and reduce maintenance and management costs
Click here to visit partner zone to check enquiry status, manage orders, get support, or learn more about Huawei partners.
Don't know how to choose the right storage product? Based on your business scenarios, Huawei storage selector will ask only a few simple questions
All other content on this website is licensed under CC-BY, except for the copyrighted Canadensys logo.
These fields are compatible with DCAT, an RDF vocabulary designed to facilitate interoperability between data catalogs published on the Web.
Staithe Farmhouse (Ref : UKC2420) in Burgh St Peter, near Beccles Pet Friendly with hot tub - cottage weekend and short breaks at Holiday Cottages in Norfolk
Staithe Farmhouse in Burgh St Peter, near Beccles, Norfolk sleeps 10 people. Staithe Farmhouse near Beccles has stunning views across the Waveney Valley; Staithe Farmhouse is a spacious, detached property situated at the southern end of the Broads National Park. It makes an ideal venue for larger family gatherings and celebrations, and guests have access to the superb facilities at Waveney River Centre including the indoor heated swimming pool (free), shop and The Waveney Inn, a family friendly destination pub, which serves a delicious menu of locally sourced, home cooked food and local ales. There is also a secret garden where children (and big kids!) can hide, explore the willow huts, climb the ’oak-osaur’ and be close to a host of wildlife that makes its home there. You can fish at Waveney River Centre (closed season Mar 15-Jun15, NRA licence required).
A recommended way to explore the Broads is by hiring a day cruiser or canoe from Waveney River Centre to navigate the local waterways, which offer a magical experience for all ages. Carlton Marshes Nature Reserve is accessible via Waveney River Centre’s ferry (free), and is a haven for wildlife with its grazing march, fen meadow and peat pool. An education centre will tell you all you need to know about this unique landscape but there are also excellent walking routes that can take you into Lowestoft and Oulton Broad, where you will find shops, bars, restaurants and a bustling area. The beach is 16 miles from Staithe Farmhouse near Beccles. With the shop, pub and restaurant 100 yards from Staithe Farmhouse.
Living/dining room: With wood burner, 42 Freeview TV, DVD player, tiled floor and patio doors leading to garden.
Kitchen: Farmhouse style with breakfast area, wood burner, electric cooker, microwave, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, washing machine, tumble dryer and tiled floor.
Oil central heating, electricity, bed linen, towels and Wi-Fi included. Initial logs for wood burners included. Cot and highchair available to hire. Welcome pack. Large enclosed lawned garden with patio and garden furniture. Hot tub for 6 from 2018 (private). Private parking for 3 cars. No smoking. Holidays at Staithe Farmhouse run from Friday to Friday.
You can find more large holiday cottages (that's cottages which sleep 8 or more people) in Norfolk. If you want to see more large cottages, have a look at large cottages in Norfolk.
Staithe Farmhouse is in Norfolk; should you be on the lookout for a special offer, you can find all the special offers in Norfolk. It's always worth checking to see what is on offer at the moment.
Do you want to holiday near Staithe Farmhouse (UKC2420), you can see other cottages within 25 miles of Staithe Farmhouse; have a look to find your perfect holiday location.
Gunby Hall Cottages in Bubwith sleeps 4 people. Gunby Hall Cottages in Bubwith forms part of the Gunby Hall Estate dating back to the 1700s. Surrounded by fields and close to the meandering River Derwent, there are some wonderful walks straight from the cottage. Gunby Hall Cottage has been beautifully renovated from what was a farm worker's cottage and now offers 21st century living with lots of home comforts for your family holiday, from the wood burner to the private hot tub, which all help to make this the ideal holiday base whatever the season. The wonderful stone flags throughout the ground floor just add to the general ambience of the cottage and really complement the quality finishes and decor. There is a choice of two patio areas for dining alfresco or for just relaxing next to the hot tub. There are two comfortable bedrooms, both providing the perfect place for a good night's sleep. Bubwith is an ancient parish mentioned in the Domesday Book and the nearby Breighton airfield was used by Wellington, Lancaster and Halifax bombers during the Second World War. Nowadays, Bubwith is a pleasant village offering a choice of facilities, including a superb delicatessen. York is within a half an hour's drive and is rich in ancient history, boasting a wealth of visitor attractions that appeal to everyone. York is renowned for its exquisite architecture, web of quaint cobbled streets, the iconic York Minster and Bettys tea rooms. The coastal resorts of Bridlington and Hornsea are both within a comfortable hour's drive and the minster town of Beverley, one of Yorkshire's best kept secrets, is closer still. Beverley features a lively market, 13th century Minster and excellent flat racing and still remains refreshingly unspoilt.
Two bedrooms: 1 x double, 1 x twin (zip/link, can be super king-size double on request). Shower room with shower, basin and WC. Ground floor basin and WC. Kitchen. Sitting room with dining area and wood burner.
Oil central heating and wood burner. Electric oven and ceramic hob, fridge, washing machine, dishwasher, TV with Freeview, Wi-Fi. Fuel, power and wood for wood burner included. Bed linen and towels included. Off road parking for 4 cars. Hot tub, lawn and patios with furniture and barbeque. Sorry, no pets and no smoking. The shop and pub are 6 minutes' walk from Gunby Hall Cottages in Bubwith.
For a better idea of where Gunby Hall Cottages is, you can see Gunby Hall Cottages on the map below.
Gunby Hall Cottages is in North Yorkshire; should you be on the lookout for a special offer, you can find all the special offers in North Yorkshire. It's always worth checking to see what is on offer at the moment.
Do you want to holiday near Gunby Hall Cottages (925052), you can see other cottages within 25 miles of Gunby Hall Cottages; have a look to find your perfect holiday location.
camarin ihrin guerin cerin codrin quirin airrin aubrin brin farin farrin kamrin karrin kerin kerrin krin lorrin mairin marin morrin tarin aldrin berrin corrin darin darrin derrin jarin jerrin orrin perrin severin sevrin tarrin terrin aherin irin erin lohengrin dorrin garin garrin caitrin
adjective (a.) Of or pertaining to the Corinthian order of architecture, invented by the Greeks, but more commonly used by the Romans.
adjective (a.) Of or pertaining to an amateur sailor or yachtsman; as, a corinthian race (one in which the contesting yachts must be manned by amateurs.)
bassorin noun (n.) A constituent part of a species of gum from Bassora, as also of gum tragacanth and some gum resins. It is one of the amyloses.
chlorocruorin noun (n.) A green substance, supposed to be the cause of the green color of the blood in some species of worms.
florin noun (n.) A silver coin of Florence, first struck in the twelfth century, and noted for its beauty. The name is given to different coins in different countries. The florin of England, first minted in 1849, is worth two shillings, or about 48 cents; the florin of the Netherlands, about 40 cents; of Austria, about 36 cents.
helleborin noun (n.) A poisonous glucoside found in several species of hellebore, and extracted as a white crystalline substance with a sharp tingling taste. It possesses the essential virtues of the plant; -- called also elleborin.
morin noun (n.) A yellow crystalline substance of acid properties extracted from fustic (Maclura tinctoria, formerly called Morus tinctoria); -- called also moric acid.
alizarin noun (n.) A coloring principle, C14H6O2(OH)2, found in madder, and now produced artificially from anthracene. It produces the Turkish reds.
aspirin noun (n.) A white crystalline compound of acetyl and salicylic acid used as a drug for the salicylic acid liberated from it in the intestines.
brin noun (n.) One of the radiating sticks of a fan. The outermost are larger and longer, and are called panaches.
brompicrin noun (n.) A pungent colorless explosive liquid, CNO2Br3, analogous to and resembling chlorpicrin.
butyrin noun (n.) A butyrate of glycerin; a fat contained in small quantity in milk, which helps to give to butter its peculiar flavor.
cerebrin noun (n.) A nonphosphorized, nitrogenous substance, obtained from brain and nerve tissue by extraction with boiling alcohol. It is uncertain whether it exists as such in nerve tissue, or is a product of the decomposition of some more complex substance.
cerin noun (n.) A waxy substance extracted by alcohol or ether from cork; sometimes applied also to the portion of beeswax which is soluble in alcohol.
cetrarin noun (n.) A white substance extracted from the lichen, Iceland moss (Cetraria Islandica). It consists of several ingredients, among which is cetraric acid, a white, crystalline, bitter substance.
chlorhydrin noun (n.) One of a class of compounds formed from certain polybasic alcohols (and especially glycerin) by the substitution of chlorine for one or more hydroxyl groups.
chlorpicrin noun (n.) A heavy, colorless liquid, CCl3.NO2, of a strong pungent odor, obtained by subjecting picric acid to the action of chlorine.
chondrin noun (n.) A colorless, amorphous, nitrogenous substance, tasteless and odorless, formed from cartilaginous tissue by long-continued action of boiling water. It is similar to gelatin, and is a large ingredient of commercial gelatin.
coniferin noun (n.) A glucoside extracted from the cambium layer of coniferous trees as a white crystalline substance.
convallarin noun (n.) A white, crystalline glucoside, of an irritating taste, extracted from the convallaria or lily of the valley.
culverin noun (n.) A long cannon of the 16th century, usually an 18-pounder with serpent-shaped handles.
dextrin noun (n.) A translucent, gummy, amorphous substance, nearly tasteless and odorless, used as a substitute for gum, for sizing, etc., and obtained from starch by the action of heat, acids, or diastase. It is of somewhat variable composition, containing several carbohydrates which change easily to their respective varieties of sugar. It is so named from its rotating the plane of polarization to the right; -- called also British gum, Alsace gum, gommelin, leiocome, etc. See Achroodextrin, and Erythrodextrin.
dulcamarin noun (n.) A glucoside extracted from the bittersweet (Solanum Dulcamara), as a yellow amorphous substance. It probably occasions the compound taste. See Bittersweet, 3(a).
etherin noun (n.) A white, crystalline hydrocarbon, regarded as a polymeric variety of ethylene, obtained in heavy oil of wine, the residue left after making ether; -- formerly called also concrete oil of wine.
fibrin noun (n.) A white, albuminous, fibrous substance, formed in the coagulation of the blood either by decomposition of fibrinogen, or from the union of fibrinogen and paraglobulin which exist separately in the blood. It is insoluble in water, but is readily digestible in gastric and pancreatic juice.
noun (n.) The white, albuminous mass remaining after washing lean beef or other meat with water until all coloring matter is removed; the fibrous portion of the muscle tissue; flesh fibrin.
noun (n.) An albuminous body, resembling animal fibrin in composition, found in cereal grains and similar seeds; vegetable fibrin.
glairin noun (n.) A glairy viscous substance, which forms on the surface of certain mineral waters, or covers the sides of their inclosures; -- called also baregin.
gorgerin noun (n.) In some columns, that part of the capital between the termination of the shaft and the annulet of the echinus, or the space between two neck moldings; -- called also neck of the capital, and hypotrachelium. See Illust. of Column.
noun (n.) The act of closing the teeth and showing them, or of withdrawing the lips and showing the teeth; a hard, forced, or sneering smile.
verb (v. i.) To set the teeth together and open the lips, or to open the mouth and withdraw the lips from the teeth, so as to show them, as in laughter, scorn, or pain.
iodhydrin noun (n.) One of a series of compounds containing iodine, and analogous to the chlorhydrins.
iodothyrin noun (n.) A peculiar substance obtained from the thyroid gland, containing from nine to ten per cent of iodine.
ligustrin noun (n.) A bitter principle found in the bark of the privet (Ligustrum vulgare), and extracted as a white crystalline substance with a warm, bitter taste; -- called also ligustron.
lipochrin noun (n.) A yellow coloring matter, soluble in ether, contained in the small round fat drops in the retinal epithelium cells. It is best obtained from the eyes of frogs.
mandarin noun (n.) A Chinese public officer or nobleman; a civil or military official in China and Annam.
coridine noun (n.) A colorless or yellowish oil, C10H15N, of a leathery odor, occuring in coal tar, Dippel's oil, tobacco smoke, etc., regarded as an organic base, homologous with pyridine. Also, one of a series of metameric compounds of which coridine is a type.
corium noun (n.) Armor made of leather, particularly that used by the Romans; used also by Enlish soldiers till the reign of Edward I.
coracle noun (n.) A boat made by covering a wicker frame with leather or oilcloth. It was used by the ancient Britons, and is still used by fisherman in Wales and some parts of Ireland. Also, a similar boat used in Thibet and in Egypt.
adjective (a.) Pertaining to a bone of the shoulder girdle in most birds, reptiles, and amphibians, which is reduced to a process of the scapula in most mammals.
coral noun (n.) The hard parts or skeleton of various Anthozoa, and of a few Hydrozoa. Similar structures are also formed by some Bryozoa.
noun (n.) A piece of coral, usually fitted with small bells and other appurtenances, used by children as a plaything.
corallian noun (n.) A deposit of coralliferous limestone forming a portion of the middle division of the oolite; -- called also coral-rag.
coralline noun (n.) A submarine, semicalcareous or calcareous plant, consisting of many jointed branches.
noun (n.) Formerly any slender coral-like animal; -- sometimes applied more particulary to bryozoan corals.
corallum noun (n.) The coral or skeleton of a zoophyte, whether calcareous of horny, simple or compound. See Coral.
noun (n.) An alms basket; a vessel to receive gifts of charity; a treasury of the church, where offerings are deposited.
corbel noun (n.) A bracket supporting a superincumbent object, or receiving the spring of an arch. Corbels were employed largely in Gothic architecture.
verb (v. t.) To furnish with a corbel or corbels; to support by a corbel; to make in the form of a corbel.
corbiestep noun (n.) One of the steps in which a gable wall is often finished in place of a continuous slope; -- also called crowstep.
corchorus noun (n.) The common name of the Kerria Japonica or Japan globeflower, a yellow-flowered, perennial, rosaceous plant, seen in old-fashioned gardens.
noun (n.) Fig.: Any moral influence by which persons are caught, held, or drawn, as if by a cord; an enticement; as, the cords of the wicked; the cords of sin; the cords of vanity.
noun (n.) Any structure having the appearance of a cord, esp. a tendon or a nerve. See under Spermatic, Spinal, Umbilical, Vocal.
cordage noun (n.) Ropes or cords, collectively; hence, anything made of rope or cord, as those parts of the rigging of a ship which consist of ropes.
cordelier noun (n.) A Franciscan; -- so called in France from the girdle of knotted cord worn by all Franciscans.
noun (n.) A member of a French political club of the time of the first Revolution, of which Danton and Marat were members, and which met in an old Cordelier convent in Paris.
noun (n.) The hollow crust or hoof of a horse's foot, below the coronet, in which is the coffin bone.
noun (n.) A piece of metal on which certain characters are stamped by government authority, making it legally current as money; -- much used in a collective sense.
verb (v. t.) To make of a definite fineness, and convert into coins, as a mass of metal; to mint; to manufacture; as, to coin silver dollars; to coin a medal.
colin noun (n.) The American quail or bobwhite. The name is also applied to other related species. See Bobwhite.
colocynthin noun (n.) The active medicinal principle of colocynth; a bitter, yellow, crystalline substance, regarded as a glucoside.
conglutin noun (n.) A variety of vegetable casein, resembling legumin, and found in almonds, rye, wheat, etc.
convolvulin noun (n.) A glucoside occurring in jalap (the root of a convolvulaceous plant), and extracted as a colorless, tasteless, gummy mass of powerful purgative properties.
cordwain noun (n.) A term used in the Middle Ages for Spanish leather (goatskin tanned and dressed), and hence, any leather handsomely finished, colored, gilded, or the like.
cornin noun (n.) A bitter principle obtained from dogwood (Cornus florida), as a white crystalline substance; -- called also cornic acid.
cousin noun (n.) One collaterally related more remotely than a brother or sister; especially, the son or daughter of an uncle or aunt.
noun (n.) A title formerly given by a king to a nobleman, particularly to those of the council. In English writs, etc., issued by the crown, it signifies any earl.
The Funny sites whice pokes birthday and interesting & surprising facts about the day you were born.
Comercial Riba Farré | Venta de metales | Compra de metales | Reciclaje Metalúrgico | Venta y compra de chatarra | Bolsa de metales
能登半島の最先端にある禄剛埼灯台は、真っ白でとても上品な灯台はモダンで西洋的な佇まいが特徴です。ここから日本海が一望できるので絶景ポイントとしても知られています。そしてこの場所からの日の出や日の入りは特に有名で、水平線から顔を出し、そして再び沈んでいく太陽は感動を呼ぶほどの美しさです。
New Questions Concerning Gynecomastia Surgical Treatment Phoenix Metro Answered and also Why You Must Read Every Word of This Record
You will see numerous of them by just talking with your medical professional. Medical professionals might sometimes give some medicine to repair the hormone imbalance. The medical professional will supply an entire direction checklist that ought to be complied with to reduce the threat of problems.
There could be a number of factors for gynecomastia to occur, however surgery should be taken into consideration in these cases. There are numerous kinds of surgical treatments that are done to deal with gynecomastia. When you have preferred to have surgery, we'll make the plans for you. To resolve the matter, there might be various drugs that it is possible to obtain, however you can also have to select surgical treatment. See just how individuals change as a result of cosmetic surgery. Cosmetic surgery could be a challenging journey. Aesthetic surgical procedure isn't covered by insurance.
The cosmetic surgeon needs to be simple to discover. A superb surgeon will have the capacity to encourage on the finest strategy of action, and also real gynecomastia will certainly be immune to other corrective techniques.
For those that have health and wellness problems, speak with your doctor as well as figure out with each other what type of exercise you're able to choose. Hence, allow's take a peek at just what creates gynecomastia. Furthermore, it develops in men over age 50 years, due to lower in the development of testosterone. Greater age and weight might also produce the advancement of unneeded breast and fat tissue.
Excessive weight has a tendency to enhance estrogen levels. It is a really big wellness issue, weight problems alone isn't an issue, the larger problem features that weight problems by itself triggers a variety of various other health problems. The key reason for weight problems is the deposition of fats in the body cells. You pick the wrong diet Selecting an exceptionally restrictive diet that does not fit your method of life, is a great reason to surrender weight decrease initiatives," says Holly Wyatt, University of Colorado.
Male breasts have recently come to be very typical in men as well as it's a concern of exceptional embarassment for men that deal with it. When enlarge it are not composed of glandular cells, yet instead adipose cells (fat), the problem is described as Pseudogynecomastia. Male bust cancer cells prevails in men who are in their 40s, although it can take place in males at any kind of age. Before you choose which treatment is one of the most appropriate for you, you intend to establish whether you've got real gynecomastia or pseudo gynecomastia. The good news is, therapies are readily available to take care of the problem effectively. In a small variety of instances, medical therapy may be needed.
Individuals are lightly sedated with a couple pills yet proceed to be Liposuction Scottsdale wide awake and systematic throughout the process. When the patient is effectively anesthetized, the specialist creates a tiny laceration simply under the areola. The majority of patients have an excellent outcome as well as are instead happy. They stay in the medical facility for one to 3 nights. Every single time a male client comes in with gynecomastia, among one of the most important aspects of a consultation is finding the beginning of the enlargement so the appropriate operation could be recommended.
In 25% of circumstances, the factor for the gynecomastia isn't really known. If you've obtained quasi gynecomastia, then it's due to weight problems. There are whole lots of other sources of gynecomastia, which are linked with inequality of hormone degrees. Many-a-times, it does not should be treated. Gynecomastia as a repercussion of spine injury and also re-feeding after starvation was reported. Liposuction is frequently utilized to add additional contouring of the regions.
The procedure proceeds with the rest of the body components as well as often includes lipo on the external thighs. It is fairly basic. The non-surgical procedure involves the use of dermal fillers.
Welcome to Coloring Pages Emi TV - world of color and fun! Imagination of our kids has no limits and our channel as well! Here you can find your favorite heroes such as Peppa Pig, Hulk, Spider-man, Iron Man and many many more. If your kid likes painting, coloring, drawing - our channel is definitely the right choice! So bring your child to the world of fantasy and color and enjoy to the fullest! Please subscribe and share your ideas!
… tolerance alone can be stressful; besides like a suppressed volcano, our desires may burst off one day and cause huge damage. Therefore Radhanath Swami advises monks to simultaneously practise […] [wdgpo_plusone]
Remove and replace concrete apron and deteriorated areas of the parking lot and driveways at Fire Stations 2 and 3.
11912 N EDDLESTON DR is parcel address in Los Angeles City. The street name is N EDDLESTON DR. The zip code is 91326. The Parcel Identification Number is 216B125-109.
GREENLINE BUS is committed to provide consistently high quality of services and to continuously improve the services through a process of teamwork for the utmost satisfaction of the passengers and to attain a position of pre-eminence in the Bus Transport sector.
In this episode of "Neighborhood Lights Revealed", the adventure begins in Greater Mondawmin with a project called Safe & Sound by April Danielle Lewis. Next stop, Station North to celebrate the DUOX4Odell’s: An Oral History by artists Wickerham & Lomax. Finally, it's Lake Montebello where artists Jonathan Taube & Iman Djouini constructed a water–based inflatable sculpture for a lakeside dance party.... More
Looking for the world's greatest salt water fishing, Capt Mike Albronda came to Montauk on vacation and never left. That's not exactly true, but its not far off. He started his career in fishing straight out of high school, mating on Captain Al Coley's BETTY W out of Sheepshead Bay in Brooklyn. This was back in 1964, and he has been making his living on the water ever since, except for a two year stint working for Uncle Sam.
In the summer of 1968, he and his wife took a busman's holiday, spending a week in Montauk. He wasn't here to fish everyday, but he did manage to make one trip on Captain Dick Vigilant's TRITON, which at the time was sailing as an open boat. The fishing was great and Mike left his cat ch with the crew to sell. When Dickie asked if he was coming back the next day Mike said he could only afford one trip.
Dickie didn't see that as a problem and invited him to fish for free, whenever he wanted. All he had to do was leave the fish to be sold at the dock. That was the beginning of Mike's life in Montauk. The next spring he returned as the mate on the TRITON. Mike continued on as mate until 1972, when Dick decided to change over to commercial fishing. That was no problem for Mike. He simply got another job, working with Captain Paul Sundberg on his charter boat,
he MONTAUK. When Paul's wife died and he started to develop health problems, Mike bought the MONTAUK.
The original MONTAUK was a big Chesapeake built wooden boat and was aging rapidly. The upkeep was getting to be more than the boat was worth and in 1985, Mike sold the old boat and brought a 41' fiberglass one, the SEAWEED, that formerly sailed out of Connecticut. It wasn't as big as the old boat, but it was much faster and more economical, both to run and to maintain. In addition it is a much larger and more comfortable boat with a giant cockpit.
Mike sails out of DURYEA'S DOCK, with much of his business devoted to family groups, and is especially good with kids.
When I started fishing in Montauk in 1969, there were about twenty charterboats, all owned and operated by professional fishermen who were dependent on fishing for their livelihood. Now there are over 80 licensed charterboats, with maybe a third of that run by captains whose entire income comes from their boat. The rest either operate as a hobby, to offset the expense of having a boat or on weekends, as a way to supplement their income.
I have now sailed full time from Montauk for 45 years, over 8000 trips. I have sailed more shark trips than anyone else in Montauk. If you doubt me, check out some of the articles included here, dating back to 1978.
When it comes time to book your trip, give me a call. You can’t succeed in the charterboat business as long as I have without keeping your clients happy, something I have been doing for a long time. If I’m booked for the date that you want, I’ll get you another full time professional captain almost as good as me.
As anyone who visited the ocean over the weekend will tell you, the water was, and continues to be, a beautiful light emerald green, and clear as quartz crystal. It’s also warm, 77 degrees only 10 miles from shore, and filled with tropical and Gulf Stream-migrating fish including those that fly.
“Bluefins, mahimahis, flying fish were spotted, and a lot of bait — mackerel. The water is as clean as it gets,” cooed Joe Gaviola, who went shark fishing on his Finest Kind boat on Sunday about 10 miles south of Montauk Point. About noon, in the same general area, the threads of a great fish story were being woven aboard the charter boats Montauk and Mistress II.
Capt. Mike Albronda of the Montauk had just begun towing a monster thresher shark before hoisting it aboard when Bart Ritchie, captain of the Mistress II, radioed to ask if he might move into the chum slick that had produced the big fish, Captain Albronda answered in the affirmative. Shortly thereafter, a rod bent deep on the Mistress, bowing to a thresher that later tipped the scales at 372 pounds.
On Friday, Manny Puig of Ultimate Predator Productions went offshore on the Montauk to swim with the sharks. Captain Albronda said that after a dusky shark was chummed up, Puig entered the water to hand-feed it. The free-diver and crew realized the big shark had swum into a plastic bag that was wrapped around its body, and was cutting into the animal. Puig was able to free the shark from its plastic bondage.
waterproof solar led spotlight bulbs outdoor garden yard lawn lamp light sensor warm white solar energy lamp for home lighting
February 2015 - Exhibition Stall Designer in Mumbai,Exhibition Booth Designer & Contractor in Mumbai,Exhibition Stall fabricator in Mumbai,Bombay exhibition center
Exhibition Stall Designer Packaging & Labeling Expo Rudrapur Exhibition Stall Designer Company in Uttarakhand offer customized, Exhibition Stall Design, Exhibition Stall Fabrication, Portable Exhibition Kit, Exhibition Booth Decoration etc based on client requirement with presence in Pan India : Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Pune, Coimbatore etc and . Exhibition Stall Designer, Booth Decoration, Exhibition […]
Exhibition Stall Design India Auto Fair Rudrapur Portable display and exhibition stand, Exhibition Stall Design Company in uttarakhand,Exhibition stall design and fabrication, Exhibition stall design services, Exhibition stall design products, exhibition stall design for sale, Flex Mounting, Flex Printing, vinyl cut lettering, eco solvent printing, mdf cut letters, 3d letters, 3d back lit letters,
Exhibition Stall Designer and Fabricator in 3E expo, rudrapur Exhibition Stall Designer Company in Rudrapur offer customized, Exhibition Stall Design, Exhibition Stall Fabrication, Portable Exhibition Kit, Exhibition Booth Decoration etc based on client requirement,Exhibition Stall Design Company India, Exhibition Stall Designer, Exhibition Stall Designer Rudrapur, Exhibition Stall Designer uttarakhand, Exhibition Stall Fabrication, Exhibition Stall Fabricator, Stall […]
Attract your visitors & put your brand in the limelight with pixalmate. We specialized in #exhibition #booth… https://t.co/1wp830G7bi
Make your brand look superior with our high-quality #Exhibition #Stalls at cost- effective price. These stalls stan… https://t.co/xFnODrz0OG
We have terminated Miss Ayushi Paul from Pixalmate yesterday , we found out she was involved in a high level of fr… https://t.co/T53KEwNnYv
small design curtain fabric get quotations a fabric curtains idyllic small floral printed cloth and a half blackout curtain fabric finished custom decorating for fall outdoors.
sofa fabric manufacturer polyester decorating for fall small spaces games free,decorating ideas for small spaces best curtains living room marvelous design decor den near me games online free,decorating for fall 2018 luxury valance design brown small curtain outdoors,decorating small spaces pinterest design curtain fabric fresh door curtains buy outside for fall on a budget your home,decorating for fall in july small studio apartment interior design ideas living room den venice fl,decorating games didi ideas for small bathrooms floral print rustic curtain fabric ready made on a budget living room,the small town anime painting custom fashion waterproof fabric decorating living room with fireplace styles den nixa mo,cloth art curtain cabinet short dust free decorating for fall outdoors outside on a budget wedding ideas,balloon flower curtain fabric feel soft small fresh curtains for decorating fall outdoors games adults living room built in shelves,decorating living room shelves for fall in july small fun kids bathroom with double red blue fabric shower curtain games adults.
Diana Cole’s poem Though I Walk, set for double chorus by Thomas Stumpf, was selected by the Pharos Music Project and performed in New York City. Other poems have appeared in numerous journals including Blueline, Avocet, Off the Coast, The Christian Century, The Tipton Poetry Journal, Slipstream, Poetry East, and Spillway.
Geri Rosenzweig was born and grew up in Ireland. Work has appeared in Nimrod, Rhino, and Poet Lore. She won the BBC Wildlife Magazine Poetry Award, the Rueben Rose Award, (Visions Israel), the Walt Whitman Poetry Society, NY Poetry Award. She has had two chapbooks published, and a collection, Under the Jasmine Moon (HMS Press, Canada).
Alexandra van de Kamp lives in Stony Brook, NY, with her husband and is a lecturer at Stony Brook University, teaching academic English to foreign students. Her first full-length collection of poems, The Park of Upside-Down Chairs, was published by CW Books (WordTech Press, 2010), and her most recent chapbook, Dear Jean Seberg (2011), won the 2010 Burnside Review Chapbook Contest. Recent poems have been featured on VerseDaily.
Are you ready for spring? Are you ready to get outside & have some fun? If this is the case get your bucket list of fun things to do on paper. Be realistic but explore your city & state. Each … Continue reading →
MyMispoche - created and maintained by Carlton Brooks Copyright © 2001-2018 All rights reserved. | Data Protection Policy.
If you’ve tried to refinance in the past year or two since rates have dropped, you would have noticed that even though you were lowering your interest rate over a full percentage-point, the monthly savings wasn’t worth the refinance
Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 www.mymoviecinema.com
Here you can download information on disaster risk reduction. The materials contain training materials on the use of GIS and Remote Sensing for hazard and risk assessment, and on how to use risk information in spatial planning and Environmental Impact Assessment. On this page you can also download guidelines for hazard and risk assessment.
Guidelines for risk assessment to hydro-meteorological hazards and its incorporation into spatial planning and Environmental Assessment
I just found out my current company no longer ‘block’ dataranotomobil.com but still block my other domain. This is one of the major reason I turn off to update my current website as often as possible. But the most exciting part will happen next month..
Anywayyyyyyy, SELAMAT EID FITRI to all muslims and Malaysian whom celebrate during this festive season. Drive safely to your kampung. Get a good night sleep. Continue eat healthy food. Be nice on the road. Take lots memorable pictures!!
Overtime, its automatically become place to exchange information among DO owners through comments (thanks guys/gals)
Rosli Md Hussin: I have an apartment in autocity, shah alam for sale. Interested please email to me.
anaim: there are few owners that have intention on selling this properties (apartments) recently (updated in FB) but im not sure about the complex...
Porn video Amateur soutien gorge was uploaded to Do pistol rounds penetrate vehicles Body builder domination female Female lovers with dildos Anal prolapse viddeo porn category, it was added Bokep, Rumahporn, JavHiHi porn tube 4 with other hot porn videos similar to this, which you can see below. Duration of this video is 9:24. You can also Ball busting midget bitch download Amateur soutien gorge porn video in mp4 format.
The Governor of Punjab and Administrator, UT, Chandigarh, Shri V.P. Singh Badnore flagging off “Run...
The Department of Public Relations is the nodal agency of the Chandigarh Administration to disseminate information to the print and electronic media on administration policies, Programme initiatives and achievements.
The Punjab Governor and Administrator, Union Territory, Chandigarh, Shri V.P. Singh Badnore taking a round after inaugurating the voluntary Blood Donation Camp on the occasion of “World Blood Donor Day” at Bridge Market Sector 17 Chandigarh , on Thurs
I found a site that I think works like networking. All you have to do is sign up in their sites and make others sign up or make their ownl account on that site. If you are able to invite someone to their site, you get commission. It will work out like this. If you want to join... click
That 810724 is my site id and commissionion will be added to my cash crate if you will join me. Sounds cool? yeah its cool.
Sign up for free - unlike other companies similar to this, cashcrate will never charge you with any fees.
C corporations are taxed at the corporate tax rate, which was permanently cut from a top rate of 35% to a flat 21% starting in 2018. However, owners must pay a second tax on any dividend distributions they receive.
With pass-through businesses such as sole proprietorships, partnerships, and S corporations, profits flow to the owners, who are taxed at individual income tax rates. Individual rates were also reduced, but only for 2018 through 2025, and the top rate is currently 37%.
A flat 21% tax rate may seem like a good reason to convert to a C corp, especially if your income falls into the upper tax brackets for individuals, but there are other factors to consider.
Some individuals who receive pass-through income may be able to take a new deduction equal to 20% of their qualified business income. However, when taxable income exceeds $157,500 ($315,000 for joint filers), the deduction may be limited or eliminated altogether depending on a number of factors. For example, high-earning professionals in fields including health, law, accounting, actuarial science, performing arts, consulting, athletics, and financial services are generally not allowed to take the deduction. This deduction is scheduled to expire after 2025.
A C corp may be able to deduct the salaries and bonuses of owners and employees as a business expense. And while individual taxpayers are now limited to a $10,000 annual deduction for state and local taxes, a C corp could potentially deduct all state and local taxes paid by the business.
Structuring a business as a C corp allows for multiple classes of stock and an unrestricted number of shareholders. This structure often benefits young companies that plan to reinvest a large share of profits and take on investors to facilitate faster growth.
However, an owner who may want to sell in the near future should be aware that a C corp must remain a C corp for at least five years. Like dividends, gains from the sale of a C corp may be subject to tax at both the corporate and individual level.
This information is not intended as tax, legal, investment, or retirement advice or recommendations, and it may not be relied on for the purpose of avoiding any federal tax penalties. You are encouraged to seek advice from an independent professional advisor. The content is derived from sources believed to be accurate. Neither the information presented nor any opinion expressed constitutes a solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security. This material was written and prepared by Broadridge Advisor Solutions. © 2018 Broadridge Investor Communication Solutions, Inc.
Market data provided by ICE Data Services. ICE Limitations. Powered and implemented by FactSet. Legal Statement.
Richard S. Vest offers securities and advisory services through Royal Alliance Associates, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC and a registered investment advisor. In this regard, this communication is strictly intended for individuals residing in the states of Missouri, Illinois, Iowa and Nevada. No offers may be made or accepted from any resident outside the specific states referenced.
Insurance placed through the Blue Chip Consortium, LLC. Vest Benefit Solutions and Blue Chip Consortium, LLC are independent of Royal Alliance Associates.
A broker-dealer, investment adviser, BD agent, or IA rep may only transact business in a state if first registered, or is excluded or exempt from state broker-dealer, investment adviser, BD agent or IA rep registration requirements, as appropriate. Follow-up, individualized responses to persons in a state by such a firm or individual that involve either effecting or attempting to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, will not be made without first complying with appropriate registration requirement, or an applicable exemption or exclusion.
For information concerning the licensing status or disciplinary history of broker-dealer, investment adviser, BD agent, or IA rep, a consumer should contact his or her state securities law administrator.
IMPORTANT: Please contact me at rick@rickvest.com or by calling 636-475-5600.The site may contain links to articles or other information that are contained on a third party website. Royal Alliance does not endorse or accept responsibility for the content, or the use, of the web site. Royal Alliance assumes no liability for any inaccuracies, errors or omissions in or from any data or other information provided on the pages.
Royal Alliance is not affiliated with any social media website. We do not expressly or implicitly adopt or endorse any of the expressions, opinions or content posted by fans or any third parties on social media sites. We do not control, serve, adopt or endorse any content that may be published on any social media site. No part of any social media site is intended to make a recommendation or state a testimonial for or about a security, service or product, or to provide investment, tax or any other advice. At our discretion, we may block followers or remove comments for any reason. We request that you keep your comments within the purposes of this site. In your comments, please avoid specific mention or discussions about investment advice or products, specific securities or investments, or trading strategies. The entire content of the site, including third party posts, is archived by the broker-dealer to comply with securities regulations.
It is up to you to read and understand the privacy policies and terms of service for each social media site you participate in, which includes joining any groups. While we have a presence on one or more social media pages, we have no control over how the social media sites or other third parties will use the information you share. To view the privacy policy of our broker-dealer, please go to:
Welkom op de website van Rietdekkersbedrijf Henk Drost. Een vooraanstaand bedrijf met gedegen staat van dienst, bestaande uit vakmensen die het ambacht hooghouden.
By believing passionately in something that still does not exist, we create it. The nonexistent is whatever we have not sufficiently desired - Nikos Kazantzakis, Writer
A friend Smriti was talking to us the other day about one's life as being a spiral, you start at a source and move outwards from that source, make a full cycle around and find yourself back at a parallel point on the same line. It's the same place, the same lesson to be learnt but something has changed. And onwards and onwards, we find ourselves back at the same place in a cycle but having learnt more and expanded outwards.
All of last year was an internal cycle, looking inwards, drawing all the time, working on Khoya and INK, growing and thinking and changing and meditating. A work Sanyaas of sorts. I didn't freelance, money and everything else became irrelevant. I was creating Inner worlds and I was happy. and chapters were coming to an end I graduated from Srishti after 5 years at the top of my class as Valedictorian, and released Khoya into the world.
Then came the next loop, the outwards spiral- Sharing, Pouring out, rising out of the sea and into the sky like a star. And it's been rewarding too. There's so much love here, first the TED talk went out like a wave across the universe, and from there on it's been an endless flow of articles and outward living. An acquaintance once told me that one must be like Akshayapatra in the Mahabharat- the Vessel that is only full when shared, the second one stops sharing one becomes empty. For the last few months I've been sharing consistently, living that outward life, being loved and loving. But lately I'm starting to feel like this cycle is slowly coming to an end as well. My vessel is full and I am sharing, but perhaps one shouldn't be so averse to being "empty" for a while either. I feel like going back to this blog that's been my silent haven since I was 16 before followers and stats, It's been ignored since I've started posting stuff on facebook with more instant gratification. I need to train myself to become a Karma Yogi of the digital world, share without care or expectation, and while blogs make it easy to talk to myself and be honest, Facebook doesn't. I think it's a balance a lot of us in the online blog and art world are trying to figure out too : How not to crystallize.
All the talks on Khoya are exciting, but I feel I need to move on before I start to feel like a broken record, even if it's only to Khoya 2. There are new valleys to explore, new interactions to create and other universes within the narrative to paint and see and be before I become into a crystal of Childhood and Magic. These are phases and circles in the spiral. I was much older when I was younger, darker, scratchier, more instinctive but also sadder, affirming negative emotions in my life until it came to a total crescendo of near madness and fear.
I was reborn as a child, rediscovered magic and love. But now I feel like I've grown up again and this time round perhaps it's not so bad. Khoya 2 is going to be an exploration of this growth, and newer realizations. A new wave in the spiral. Relatively older and ready to learn again without expectation.
I need to go back to the Source, to re-boot and refresh myself. Find what it is that made me glow first before I become crystalline.
PS- Ironically, this post was saved as a draft for months with all the pictures and videos in but no words: A Microdocumentary about my life and connections which was so beautifully shot by Ben Henretig of Microdocs, the launching of myself as a brand of illustrated goodies and more. But instead, it's turned into an introspection on innerworlds and outerworlds. :) Perhaps this was meant to happen after all.
I was about to comment through Facebook, but that would have completely missed the point of this blog post :) So lovely and well written, your work's inspiring and so are your thoughts!
I love your older work so so much. Here's a compliment: To me it is reminiscent in a strong way of some of Egon Schiele's work. Glad you're going back to your blog Shilo. Btw, never mentioned it, but it would be super awesome to collaborate on a shoot with you sometime. I'm thinking portraits.
Nice post. I used to be checking constantly this blog and I am impressed! Very helpful info particularly the closing part :) I deal with such info much. I used to be looking for this particular info for a long time. Thank you and good luck.
Shilo how I loved this post. I think it is one of the most beautiful and honest things I have read on any blog recently. I so related to when you spoke of your younger self as being older and affirming negative emotions. I thought I was among the few who was like that, with each passing year I am freer and happier and lighter.
And I also loved the part you wrote about the inward and outward spirals, which is an almost necessary process for every artist. The trick is how much peace you make with each cycle.
Love you a lot and this is easily one of the most beautifully centred and dynamic logo's I have ever seen.
Hi Shilo, Found your blog just now and looking at it, reading it as been wonderful! Good to see the return to blogging here.
wow Shilo, this is a beautifully written post, and it's exactly how I feel as an artist too... I'm still learning "how not to crystallize"
Scoresby is the 68,073rd most popular last name (surname) in the United States; frequency is 0.000%; percentile is 88.385 [SourceCBN]
Yoga for Stress and Anxiety - Jul 15, 2018 - Pacifica Chamber of Commerce - Pacifica Chamber of Commerce
Follow Peter’s rich baritone voice on a meditative journey in Sanskrit mantra while Greg Barnett adds layers of groove and grounding with bass and guitar, and Upendra Wrinkle brings in the ether with his magical flute.
This event is donation based. Suggested donation is $20, but please give from the heart only what you can. All contributions are welcomed. No one will ever be turned away for lack of funds!
Ford is partnering with Walmart and Postmates to test the business of delivering goods like groceries and pet food using self-driving vehicles. The pilot project is focused on Miami-Dade County, according to Ford’s announcement Wednesday. This is an area where Ford is already embedded and testing out what a commercial self-driving vehicle business might look […]
Robert Sabuda makes mechanical books – pop up books with mechanical features that make them move and change while you read them – and he’s made it to the top of the New York Times best seller list multiple times. Now he’s taking on a new challenge: rebuilding and selling a version of Leonardo da […]
Truecaller may already be a familiar name, but many of you probably don’t know that it’s slowly becoming a significant messaging app. That’s why I’m excited to announce that Truecaller co-founder and CEO Alan Mamedi will join us at TechCrunch Disrupt Berlin. Truecaller first started as a call screening app. Some countries are more affected […]
It’s just two weeks until Disrupt Berlin 2018 kicks off for two full days dedicated to the early-stage startup universe. On 29-30 November, you’ll have a front row seat to the most innovative and exciting companies, thought leaders and technologies across Europe and beyond. Why not shine a spotlight on your startup? Buy a Startup […]
Tandem, the U.K. challenger bank, is gearing up to launch a new “Auto Savings” feature — a clever way to lower the barriers for Tandem app users who want to save for a rainy day — and to power the feature the company is partnering with Stripe. The latter in itself isn’t necessarily huge news […]
Mintos, the Latvian fintech that operates a global loans marketplace to let you invest in loans from various loan originators, has raised €5 million in Series A funding. Backing the startup once again is the Riga-based venture capital firm Grumpy Investments (previously known as Skillion Ventures). More noteworthy, the new capital will be used to […]
Withings is back with, of all things, a fitness tracker. It’s a bit of an odd addition, two months after the company re-launched, post-Nokia. The company’s first product, the Steel HR Sport, picked up where it left off with another sport-focused hybrid smartwatch. The Pulse HR, meanwhile, finds it looking back at wrist-worn fitness trackers. […]
Renren, which was once heralded as the ‘Facebook of China’ and later became China’s answer to MySpace after falling out of fashion among its core young users, is selling its social networking business. Renren’s parent company Beijing Qianxiang Wangjing has agreed to sell all tangible and intangible assets of renren.com to Beijing Infinities Interactive Media, […]
Here’s something I didn’t expect to read today. The U.S. Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission has subpoenaed Snap for details on its IPO apparently in connection with a lawsuit from disgruntled shareholders who claim the company played down its rivalry with Instagram. Reuters first reported on the subpoenas which Snap has confirmed. Precise details […]
Roivant Sciences has had a bumpy couple of years, but that isn’t stopping investors from pouring more money into the four-year-old company, which aims to one day be a giant parent company for dozens of independent biopharmaceutical spinoffs — and is fulfilling that vision by creating one independent company at a time. Roivant’s newest financing […]
Not only will you find members of the military located at Military friends, but much more. If you are interested in dating a person who wears a uniform you'll find them listed here. From all branches of the service and even firefighters, police men and more, you'll be able to connect with them by making your profile on this site.
This is a spot that likes to invite those people who admire those who are giving their life for everyone's freedom. The lovers of people who've served in the military or are doing something that is related to the military. If you find this an interest that makes you want to look more, visit the military friends site today. This site has offered a way for the admirers of military personnel to be able to meet up with them and find love.
Pay absolutely nothing to join a site that's been in the business of online dating for more than twelve years. It's a great way to find other people who admire the military, or another person who is in the same service as you are.
Some things you'll enjoy in your free membership include not only support that is offered 24/7, but great videos from military personnel. Along with that get in touch with many people via the forums where you'll be able to discuss everything military. Here you'll find the largest amount of blogs offered that are all about the military as well as dating ideas for people who are in the military. Don't forget to check out a fashion show that will allow you to see people in their service dress uniforms and more. Also follow the military news that is offered on military friend each and every day.
Please check the terms or insurance link on the vehicle you are wishing to rent to see what is included.
Also, when you begin the booking process, you are presented with any insurance excess reduction (CDW) options that are available - and this may help you to understand the insurance policy better.
They are used in businesses, hospitals, crime detection and even to fly planes.Technology hinders personal communication, which negatively impacts our age-group. Society must be able to utilize technology while not allowing it to impede social interactions, particularly for those who are easily influenced during our formative years.
Some argue that the Internet has a positive effect on social interactions because it allows us to form friendships online.This was a time in America when people started to find out the advantages of work done by machines.
Through the vital exterior of metal and computer chips, the United States stands more for innovation and simplification than ever before, breaking new ground in the accomplishments of mankind.
Chat and phone working hours: Monday 00:00 — Saturday 13:00(GMT).Bringing fresh insight and offering better jobs to those who are willing to take a step towards the future.
If we do not have to face reality by experiencing new things, making personal relationships, and problem solving, then we will never be able to function as adults. Basically, the technology essay replicates the structure and the main principles of a standard essay with a few peculiarities of its own. In Japan many (not most, necessarily) teenagers spend entire days locked up in their rooms playing video games.I like how technology affects us, but the big problem I have is how it can slow us down and prevent us from doing the things we need to do.
The everyday lives of people have changed a great deal due to the advent of technology.Tags: example essay on technology, free essay on technology, sample essays, technology essay sample, technology essays, technology research paper, technology term paper.Essay- The technology also directly affects the business as it relates to the technology availability for conducting business operation in the region.
As a new school year begins, the time may have come to reconsider how large a role technology can play in changing education.Of all the examples of injustice against humanity in history, the Jewish Holocaust has to be one of the most prominent.Database of FREE technology essays - We have thousands of free essays across a wide range of subject areas.All the sample papers we post on our blog may only serve as an example for our visitors and cannot be submitted as their own work, since this will result in plagiarism accusations.
On our blog you will find a lot of useful tips and advice from professional academic writers, along with the specific examples of their writing.Read this Science Essay and over 87,000 other research documents.The creation of various portable technological devices has slowly ingrained the idea of instant gratification.
Development at any phase is always linked with technology and technology happens when there is advancement in science.Free Technology papers, essays, and research papers. These results are sorted by most relevant first (ranked search).This article includes everything you need for writing an interesting essay: Easy technology topics with links to videos, articles, and research to start your paper.Technology essay papers. Technology In Frankenstein or The Modern.
A comparative essay asks that you compare at least two (possibly more) items. Scenario data is used by GIS to discover sites for new stores.Join now to read essay Technology Essay and other term papers or research documents.An essay is a short written work that makes an important point about a topic chosen by.Here you may read various sample research papers and case studies, theses and dissertations, essays and reviews.Over the years as technology keeps improving, more and more people are using it in their lives.
Olympic gold medal win, the drama he went through involving the Vietnam War, his conversion to Islam and subsequent name change from Cassias Clay to Muhammad All, all.Students usually go in circles when it comes to write a technology essay, if you are given the topic for writing technology essay then you must also be given a proper.With information provided from the Internet, we can recreate ancient crimes, participate in a worldwide exploration, and read about a new species of mammals discovered yesterday.Everyone has seen the moody, withdrawn kid with music blasting out of his white earbuds, or the girl rapidly texting on her phone.My position is the NEGATIVE side. there is no limit to...
Silver Peony is an organic and natural pores and skin tone. Putting on jewellery is perhaps the most common approach to adorn oneself. Earrings might include a glamorous visual appeal to your character and helps make your visual appeal comprehensive.
Even further tags and opinions are Princess Pandora Ring Size 5, human body art and exclusive style and design.
Our company's service area covers the whole country and we are able to supply all types of POS to you. Receive quality solutions for your business from our representatives in your area. In addition get free consultations from the experts and fast installation of the system with all necessary settings and adjustments. Timely and quality services, top hardware and cross functional SW provided by us is a great advantage and powerful assistant in modern business. Get these and many other necessary tools from our representatives in your location by making a call or sending your contact information through the web-site. POS MN will help you organize better business management.
Background Idiopathic membranous nephropathy (IMN) is a significant cause of nephrotic syndrome among adults. whereas another cohort received tacrolimus (TAC) combined with prednisone for 36?weeks. The primary end result KLF8 antibody was the remission rate whereas the secondary outcomes included the time to remission relapse rate changes in serum albumin levels and daily urinary protein levels estimated glomerular filtration rate and adverse events. PF-4136309 Results A total of 53 patients with IMN met the criteria for enrolment and all patients completed the therapy. At the end of the 36-week therapy remission (either partial remission [PR] or total remission [CR]) was observed in PF-4136309 20 patients (86.9?%) receiving TWG and in 27 patients (90.0?%) receiving TAC (p?>?0.05) whereas CR was noted in 12 patients (52.2?%) receiving TWG and 14 patients (46.7?%) receiving TAC (p?>?0.05). The probability of remission was comparable for both the TWG and TAC groups (p?>?0.05 by log-bank test). The mean time for achieving remission was 11.8?±?12.5?weeks in the TWG group and 8.5?±?9.1?weeks in the PF-4136309 TAC group (p?>?0.05). Conclusions The combination of TWG and predisone is an effective and safe therapy for IMN. Keywords: Idiopathic membranous nephropathy Tripterygium wilfordii Hook F Tripterygium wilfordii multiglycosides Tacrolimus Background Idiopathic membranous nephropathy (IMN) is one of the most common causes of nephrotic syndrome in adults. If no treatment is usually administered IMN may lead to numerous outcomes. Although 30?% of patients with IMN experience spontaneously total (CR) or partial remission (PR) [1] 30 of patients develop end-stage renal disease (ESRD) within 5-15 years [2]. Considering the variable natural span of IMN the proper period of treatment administration and the sort of immunosuppression stay unclear. Based on the KDIGO (Kidney Disease: Enhancing Global Final results) a combined mix of corticosteroids and cytotoxic medications (chlorambucil or dental cyclophosphamide) can induce remission of nephrotic symptoms in sufferers with IMN [3]. Nevertheless the possible unwanted effects of this regular therapy including myelosuppression infections and thrombosis may lead refusal of the treatment by the sufferers [4 5 A recently available placebo-controlled study recommended that tacrolimus (TAC) monotherapy was effective for IMN [6]. Within a randomised control trial by Min Chen et al. the remission price was found to become higher as well as the reduction in urinary proteins levels was discovered to be better in IMN sufferers treated with TAC as well as predisone when compared with those receiving cyclophosphamide (coupled with predisone) [7]. Within a prior research we also noticed that previous initiation of therapy with TAC (coupled with predisone) over 24?weeks was helpful for ameliorating the severe nature of proteinuria in Chinese language adults with IMN [8]. Although TAC can induce remission generally in most sufferers with IMN the high relapse prices after treatment drawback linked renal toxicity and large price burden are main concerns [9]. Therefore there’s a have to explore substitute therapeutic approaches for IMN. Tripterygium wilfordii Hook F (TwHF)-one of the very most widely studied Chinese language medicinal plants-is an associate of the Celastraceae family of perennial vine-like plants. Tripterygium wilfordii multiglycosides is usually a preparation that is extracted and purified from the root xylem of TwHF [10] and is commercially available as tablets. Tripterygium wilfordii multiglycosides exerts both anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive effects [11-13] and has been extensively used in PF-4136309 China for the treatment of autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis [14] systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) [15] and nephrotic syndrome [16]. Recent clinical studies indicated that TWG is usually a promising therapeutic option for patients with IMN [17]. In the present study we evaluated the efficacy and security of tripterygium wilfordii multiglycosides plus prednisone compared to those of TAC (combined with prednisone) in patients with IMN. Methods This prospective cohort study was performed at a single centre the Kidney Disease Center PF-4136309 of the First Affiliated Hospital College of Medicine Zhejiang University or college (Hangzhou P. R. China). All enrolled patients were admitted from January 2013 to December 2013. Before the treatments were initiated we obtained written informed consent from your patients and approval from your ethics committee of our hospital (Medical Ethics Committee of the First Affiliated Hospital College of Medicine Zhejiang University or college). Patients were informed about the.
Tryptophan (Trp) requirements in pregnancy are several-fold: (1) the need for increased protein synthesis by mother and for fetal growth and development; (2) serotonin (5-HT) for signalling pathways; (3) kynurenic acid (KA) for neuronal safety; (4) quinolinic acid (QA) for NAD+ synthesis (5) various other kynurenines (Ks) for suppressing fetal rejection. of albumin-bound Trp by albumin depletion and nonesterified fatty PF-4136309 acidity (NEFA) elevation resulting in elevated flux of Trp down the K pathway to raise immunosuppressive Ks. An extreme release of free of charge Trp could undermine being pregnant by abolishing T-cell suppression by Ks. Complete assessment of variables of Trp fat burning capacity and disposition and related methods (free of charge and total Trp albumin NEFA K and its own metabolites and pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines in maternal bloodstream and where suitable placental and fetal materials) in regular and unusual pregnancies may establish lacking gaps inside our understanding of the Trp position in being pregnant and help recognize appropriate involvement strategies. enzyme synthesis substrate activation and stabilization by Trp cofactor activation by haem and reviews inhibition by NAD(P)H [4 5 Transcription from the TDO gene by glucocorticoids is normally potentiated by glucagon but inhibited by insulin and adrenaline [16]. Haem also seems to regulate the glucocorticoid gene and induction appearance of TDO [17]. With regards to PF-4136309 being pregnant rat liver organ TDO is normally inhibited by both progesterone and oestrogens by a combined mix of two activities: avoidance of conjugation from the apoenzyme with haem and inactivation from the holoenzyme [6]. On the other hand with liver organ TDO the extrahepatic IDO is normally haem-saturated fully. Its primary effector is normally IFN-γ [2]. Rat intestinal IDO activity is not induced by glucocorticoids but is definitely enhanced by Trp by 50% [18] compared with the several-fold enhancement of liver TDO. Plasma tryptophan disposition As stated above the small portion (5%-10%) of circulating Trp that is not albumin-bound is definitely freely available for uptake by organs and cells. Free Trp is definitely a labile parameter the concentration of which can be affected by hormonal metabolic nutritional and pharmacological factors [19]. Methodological pitfalls can also influence accuracy of free Trp dedication. In particular only freshly isolated plasma (or serum) should be ultrafiltered to prevent improved albumin binding after freezing storage [19]. Accurate interpretation of changes in plasma Trp disposition (Table 2) requires measurements of free and total [Trp] in the first instance followed if necessary by Spp1 those of the two determinants of binding namely albumin and the physiological displacers of albumin-bound Trp non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA). Notice should also be taken of any prescribed or over-the-counter medication which may influence this binding e.g. salicylate [the active moiety of the acetylsalicylate (aspirin) molecule] or acute intake of alcohol or of methylxanthines-containing soft drinks and sizzling beverages such as tea coffee and cocoa [19]. TDO or IDO induction requires demonstration of proportionate decreases in both free and total [Trp] with no switch in Trp binding (indicated as the percentage free Trp). It is important to note here that the decreases in plasma free and/or total Trp following glucocorticoid induction of TDO and cytokine induction of IDO hardly ever surpass 30% ([7] and referrals cited therein). TDO inhibition should by contrast be associated with proportionate raises in both free and total [Trp] (usually of 20%-33%) without any switch in Trp binding. Therefore it is not sufficient to conclude that TDO or IDO is definitely induced based only on a decrease in total [Trp]. Free Trp determination is definitely important not only for accurate interpretation of changes in Trp disposition but also in evaluating the baseline Trp metabolic position and its natural determinants PF-4136309 [19]. As will end up being proven below Trp-metabolic research with regards to immune system function entirely animals or human beings have up to now failed to consist of free Trp perseverance. Whereas dimension of free of charge Trp may possibly not be feasible or significant in immune-related research using peripheral bloodstream and various other cell lines in lifestyle Trp binding and disposition in unchanged animals or human beings requires evaluation of free of charge Trp. Desk 2 Plasma Trp disposition EXPERIMENTAL Style OF THE TRYPTOPHAN DEPLETION Idea IN PREGNANCY The idea [1] attracts on two observations: (1) PF-4136309 appearance of IDO by individual syncytiotrophoblast cells; (2) reduced individual maternal plasma total [Trp]. The experimental style is dependant on the ability from the IDO inhibitor 1-methyltryptophan (1-MT) to induce speedy T-cell.
I'm so happy they did just what exactly I requested I had been pain to Qualified however she or he lastly understand me thanks Guys a great deal
Rocket Matter is usually a cloud-based mostly legal billing and management solution created to cater modest and midsize legislation procedures. It characteristics time and billing administration, calendar, document administration, payments and collaboration management modules.
This case describes a succession of circumstances over an eight-twelve months time period involving an influence plant endeavor in the Caribbean. An govt with the endeavor programmer, PowerGen, considering what may be uncovered in the skills and is also hunting back again across the span.
Just like the genuine-existence company disorders, there are no formulas or proven ways of checking out various organization issues, and unquestionably, There's no right or wrong reply to any side of, or Almost everything of, a circumstance.
In case students really need to Speak to the customer aid Office, productive, welcoming, and intensely proficient staff that handles queries promptly and carefully will welcome them. It is feasible to click on Stay Chat hyperlinks on the location to talk to personnel straight.
Market Investigate Affiliate Final Up to date: June fourteen, 2018 Regulation companies receive and system an incredible degree of sensitive case and client knowledge by means of a variety of mediums, like cellphone calls, email messages and paperwork.
There are many wise evaluations see this composing products and services accessible on-line, we've been a specialized composing assistance that focuses on offering entire world class composing assistance to college students at a cheap price. Tend not to squander your beneficial time on-line for searching a composing support; seek our composing aid so that you'll be in a position to get nicely composed book analysis files at a cost-effective fee.
Students of all levels are commonly questioned to get ready evaluations of younger folks and a variety of sorts are anticipated to find out about the expectations and necessities of composing. Since a variety of evaluations have unique procedures, college students manage various troubles and regularly fail the analyze analysis on account of this.
Your site either doesn't currently use HTML header tags or is applying a lot of. Use key terms in the headings with the most important keywords in the very best degree and make sure to keep up the to hierarchy.
Oops. A firewall is obstructing use of Prezi browse around this site content. Consider this text to learn more or Call your technique administrator.
Learn more about MatterMojo MatterMojo is focused at regulation corporations looking for An inexpensive cloud-primarily based consumer and make a difference management Remedy. Find out more about MatterMojo
(forty four reviews) Stop by Web page Smokeball is the initial and only total cloud-centered legal observe administration software that automatically documents time for you. No matter if you Monthly bill hourly, mounted price, or on contingency, Smokeball supplies you the insights you'll want to operate a more lucrative legislation business.
Frequent two An airport should really undertake a review around the attributes on its house that attract in dangerous birds/wildlife
Irrespective of whether you work as solo practitioner, in the law organization or in an in-property lawful Office, App4Legal is right for you! Learn more about App4Legal App4Legal is an intuitive, legislation exercise management Option. It is a fully integrated Resolution which has a person helpful interface. Learn more about App4Legal
shOWROOM Level 1, 80-84 Ballina Street, Lennox Head, NSW 2478 PHONE 02 6687 5739 emailThis email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Rozruszaj uczestników wyjazdy integracyjnego lub podczas firmowej kolacji. Warsztaty perkusyjne dla firm to okazja do integracji poprzez zabawę. Warsztaty kończą się wspólnym występem. Świetny początek imprezy. Warsztaty prowadzone przez Brazylijczyka. Atrakcyjne ceny i pełna obsługa.
South Sudan (Listeni/ˌsaʊθ suːˈdæn/ or /suːˈdɑːn/), officially the Republic of South Sudan[8] and previously known as Southern Sudan, is a landlocked country in east-central Africa that is part of the United Nations subregion of Eastern Africa. Its current capital is Juba, which is also its largest city. The capital city is planned to be changed to the more centrally located Ramciel in the future. South Sudan is bordered by Ethiopia to the east, Kenya to the southeast, Uganda to the south, the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the southwest, the Central African Republic to the west and the Republic of Sudan to the north. It includes the vast swamp region of the Sudd, formed by the White Nile and known locally as the Bahr al Jabal.
The Sahel is the ecoclimatic and biogeographic zone of transition in Africa between the Sahara to the north and the Sudanian Savanna (historically known as the Sudan region) to the south. The Sahel part of Africa includes (from west to east) parts of northern Senegal, southern Mauritania, central Mali, northern Burkina Faso, the extreme south of Algeria, Niger, the extreme north of Nigeria, central Chad, central and southern Sudan, the extreme north of South Sudan, Eritrea, Cameroon, Central African Republic and extreme north of Ethiopia.Sahel zone (Wiki)
The African Law Library powered by the African Innovaiton Foundation (AIF), aims to enhance the legal environment of business in Africa by bringing legal information into one publicly available repository.African Law Library
The Institute for International and Comparative Law in Africa (ICLA) is a research institute located in the Faculty of Law of the University of Pretoria. The ICLA was established at the beginning of 2011. Drawing on the extensive networks that the Faculty has established over many years in Africa and beyond, the objective of the ICLA is to become a first port of call for those who wish to engage in legal research and legal reform in Africa involving comparative or international law at the advanced level. ICLA offers country reports in PDF format. Institute for Intl. and Comparative Law in Africa
Information about UNHCR and partners’ response to the current emergencies and other protracted refugee crises.UNHCR - Emergencies
The International Crisis Group is an independent organisation working to prevent wars and shape policies that will build a more peaceful world.International Crisis Group
On 9 July 2011 South Sudan became the newest country in the world. The birth of the Republic of South Sudan is the culmination of a six-year peace process which began with the signing of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA) in 2005.UNMISS - UN Mission in the Republic of South Sudan
Global Witness is an independent, investigative NGO, campaigning to end environmental and human rights abuses, driven by the exploitation of natural resources and corruption in the global political and economic system.Global Witness
Country information by the research and analysis division of The Economist Group, the sister company to The Economist newspaper. Economist Intelligence Unit
Global Forest Watch offers the latest data, technology and tools that empower people everywhere to better protect forests. Global Forest Watch
ICPAC's mission is to foster climate services and knowledge to enhance community resilience for prosperity in the Greater Horn of Africa. IGAD Climate Prediction and Applications Centre
The British Library has catalogued, conserved and digitised over 550 military intelligence maps and associated documents from the War Office Archive relating to the former British East Africa (modern-day Kenya, Uganda and adjacent parts of Tanzania, Burundi, Rwanda, DR Congo, South Sudan, Ethiopia and Somalia).British Library War Office Archive maps
Selected by readers, these maps represent areas of special European interest in Africa during the 19th and 20th century. Many of these regions came under direct British control during the Victorian era for the strategic or economic advantages they offered, and became independent in the 20th century. The maps are almost entirely topographical, prepared by the (British) War Office, colonial surveys, and other official mapping authorities. British Library Online Gallery - Maps of Africa
The Sudan Archive was founded in 1957, the year after Sudanese independence, to collect and preserve the papers of administrators from the Sudan Political Service, missionaries, soldiers, business men, doctors, agriculturalists, teachers and others who had served or lived in the Sudan (now Sudan and South Sudan) during the Anglo-Egyptian Condominium (1898-1955).Sudan Archive at Durham
A guest post by Marilyn Deegan (Department of Digital Humanities at King's College London) on Simon Tanner's blog 'When the data hits the fan!' about the Digital Sudan project, and about their visit to a number of Sudanese archives and libraries. Digital Sudan: cultural heritage revived & preserved
The Northwestern University (US) Winterton Collection includes about 7,610 photographs organized in 76 separate albums, scrapbooks or loose collections. The photographs depict life, primarily in East Africa, between about 1860 and 1960. Humphrey Winterton Collection
In November-December 1980, Frits Eisenloeffel visited the border region of Sudan/Eritrea where he photographed the Eritrean refugees who had fled from an Ethiopian offensive. Part of The Frits Eissenloeffel online photo exhibition by the Dutch International Institute for Social History (IISG).Refugees and Famine in Sudan 1980 and 1985
The songs in this collection were recorded for a project conducted between 2009 and 2012 by researchers from the University of Edinburgh and the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London, in collaboration with Dinka researchers in South Sudan.Dinka Songs from South Sudan
An independent online Sudanese magazine with articles on Sudanese society, culture and life. It provides a platform for discussion driven by contributors’ submissions (in 500 words). 500 Words Magazine
Do regional interests risk trumping conflict resolution initiatives in South Sudan? Find out what...
What do ordinary South Sudanese, many of them displaced, think of the new peace agreement? https://...
.@IntRefRights and @ISSafrica interviewed more than 200 displaced South Sudanese to find out what...
“The interim constitution of South Sudan says it’s a federalised state. However, if we look at how...
Valentine Day is here and Flipkart is here to shower some love upon you with its irresistible deals. Yes, you hear its right.
Flipkart is organising “The Flipheart Day Sale” under which there will be exciting offers on all categories of products – Electronics, Home & Kitchen, Fashion and much more. So – Get, Set and Go Shopping!
Its best time to buy Mobiles, Large Appliances. Bec. This time Flipkart is offering Flat 14% Discount On Paying Via HDFC Bank Card.
2. Under this Offer, Cardholders will get a 14% instant discount on the purchase, during the Offer Period, of select products sold on the Platform. Offer is also applicable on EMI Transactions on Cards In terms of this Offer
3. The discount will be applied to the Net Cart Value (NCV). The minimum NCV to avail this Offer is Rs. 4000 and the maximum discount per Card during the Offer Period is Rs. 750, NCV shall mean the total value of only the eligible product/s in the cart after all applicable discounts and exchange offer redemptions.
6. In case partial payment is made through Flipkart Gift Card, Offer will apply only on the amount paid through the Card against the purchase of eligible products, provided such amount equals or exceeds Rs. 4000
(4 PM, 16th-19th) Flipkart &ndash; Big Shopping Days : Get upto 80% off on Electronics, Shop & Win and more
Amazon – Buy Mpow 10 LED Unqiue Design Motion Sensor Solar Street Lights with Upgraded Panel at Rs.699 only
A thrill of excitement always went thru all of us small fry every summer when a crew of men with buckets of paste and long handled brushes and rolls of colored paper under their arms arrived in town and pasted big pictures of circus tents, elephants, tigers, lions and clowns on all of the billboards, sides of barns and fences. It took several trains to transport a big circus like Barnum & Bailey's and all of the little people and half the adults in town were at the railroad tracks before daylight to make sure they would miss none of the unlading. The first train to pull onto the sidetracks near the depot was that carrying the tents and tent poles and right behind it came cars of horses, two or three thousand before circuses became motorized, as the horses had the job of getting the whole show to the show grounds at Straw's Field or Barnes' Bottom, except for the menagerie animals like elephants, camels and zebras who got there on their own legs. I was always town between staying to watch more wagons come off the flat cars, where a work elephant pushed them to one side, and following the exotic parade of animals to the show grounds.
By seven or eight o'clock all of the trains except the gaudily painted passenger cars of the performers, still asleep in their berths, were unloaded and we hurried to the show grounds where the big top was already spread out on the ground around upright tent poles and crew of unshaven and sleepy looking men who looked as tho they slept in their clothes - which most of them probably did - were moving around the edge of the canvas driving stakes with sledge hammers. It was a marvel to watch as many as seven or eight men form a circle around a stake and coordinate their blows to drive it into the ground. Watching the stake, it seemed to sort of slide into the ground on its own in a couple of seconds. Besides the big top there was the sideshow tent, the menagerie tent connected to the big top - the audience viewed the animals in their cages before going in to take their seats for the main show - the performers' tent, the cook tent and dining tent, the horse tent, besides numerous other small tents for selling souvenirs, hot dogs, cotton candy, soda pop and a hundred other things which would separate the farmers from their money. It was at a circus that I first saw an ice-cream cone.
The performance was marvelous enough but it was only part of a long day of excitement. When the audience for the evening performance streamed out into the night air at about ten o'clock everything was gone but the big tent they had been in and the wagons and horses necessary to get it back to the train. The next day the circus grounds were just a field again with only a few bits of debris scattered about to show that it had been there. We always went over the terrain searching hopefully for anything that might have been lost or forgotten but I, at least, never found anything of value.
Big shows, like Ringling Brothers or Barnum and Bailey, only made their appearance once every year or two but there was almost always a carnival or a medicine show in town. The medicine shows usually set up a tent on a vacant lot close tot the Square where they gave several shows every day during the summer, free, since the object was to sell some sort of medicine guaranteed to cure everything from a toothache to corns, but particularly disorders of the digestive system. The show was most often a vaudeville act or two after which the barker went into his spiel to sell the medicine, and sell it they did. To my unsophisticated mind some of the acts were quite good. One that sticks in my mind was a comedian who gave a sermon in imitation of a Negro preacher. Such a performance today would undoubtedly raise a protest but nobody thought of racism then tho there was plenty of it.
Carnival would come to town for a week, setting up merry-go-rounds, Ferris wheels, souvenir booths and games of chance. There was generally one free act to attract the crown such as a tightrope walker or a high diver, a man who climbed to the top of a 100 ft ladder and dived off of a platform into a tank of water on the street. I couldn't bear to watch; I was afraid he would miss the tank. The merry-go-round and the Ferris wheel were operated by upright steam engines and I nearly got killed watching the merry-go-round being set up. The engine was mounted on big iron wheels so it could be moved from place to place and I was leaning on one of the wheels watching when the sky got very dark; a big thunderstorm was coming up. Suddenly a lightning bolt struck very close and I felt a strong shock which went thru my arm and down my leg. The clap of thunder was simultaneous. I was always leaning on something but after that I was careful about leaning on anything made of metal.
Setting the gold standard for laser hair removal, Laser Away of Marina Del Rey is dedicated to providing quality service to its customers. With over a dozen locations in California, Laser Away offers state-of-the-art laser hair removal procedures that Hollywood celebrities rave about.
If you're tired of shaving and waxing your hair away, Laser Away of Marina Del Rey is the perfect place for you. The nation's leader in laser hair removal services, Laser Away of Marina Del Rey touts cutting-edge technology that delivers quick and gentle laser hair removal. The medical spa's team of dedicated professionals uses Cynosure laser technology, the safest and most effective laser hair removal device on the market, containing two laser systems with cool air to reduce discomfort. In addition to laser hair removal, Laser Away of Marina Del Rey also offers laser tattoo removal, laser acne treatment with Clear and Brilliant, Thermage Skin Tightening and VelaShape II.
Laser Away of Marina Del Rey provides in-house financing to customers interested in laser hair removal and other aesthetic services. If you are interested in laser hair removal, Laser Away of Marina Del Rey is the ideal place for you!
This site's content is the responsibility of Dan Hope , licensed Salesperson in the Province of Alberta.
Keywords cooking games to play, cooking games online, cooking games for girls to play online, cooking games for children, cooking games ice cream, cooking games for boys, cooking games 2018, cooking games android, cooking games to play online free, cooking games in telugu, cooking games, cooking games video, cooking games cooking games, cooking games app, cooking games all, cooking games app free, cooking games at y8, cooking games apple pie, cooking games apk, cooking games for android offline, cooking games barbie, cooking games best, cooking games burger shop, cooking games biryani, cooking games burger restaurant, cooking games barbie pizza, cooking games baby, cooking games burger shop 2, best cooking games for android, barbie cooking games to play, cooking games cake, cooking games chicken, cooking games cartoon, cooking games club, cooking games chicken biryani, cooking games cookies, cooking games come, cooking games cupcake, cooking games cake making, cookie swirl c cooking games, cooking games download, cooking games download free, cooking games didi games, cooking games download free play, cooking games download for girls, cooking games download app, cooking games download for pc, cooking games dantdm, cooking games ds, barbie cooking games download, elsa cooking games, e cooking games, easy cooking games, e cooking games cake shop, cooking games for, cooking games for girl, cooking games free online, cooking games for playing, cooking games for girls and boys, cooking games for pc, cooking games free online to play now, cooking games girls, cooking games games, cooking games for girls online, cooking games hacked, baby hazel cooking games, hello kitty cooking games, cooking games in hindi, barbie cooking games in hindi, halloween cooking games, hot dog cooking games, ninja hattori cooking games, how to cooking games, cooking games in tamil, cooking games ice, cooking games ios, cooking games in real life, cooking games install, cooking games in kitchen, cooking games in online, i love cooking games, i want cooking games, cooking games jacksepticeye, cooking games japan, guava juice cooking games, jacksepticeye playing cooking games, japanese cooking games, jse cooking games, cooking games kyutie, cooking games kids, cooking games kitchen, cooking games for kids to play, barbie cooking games for kids, barbie kitchen cooking games, kizi cooking games, king games cooking games, cooking games lce, cooking games levels, cooking games lunch box, cooking games lucky patcher, loola cooking games, ldshadowlady cooking games, papa louie cooking games, games like cooking fever, loola cooking games to play, cooking games movies, cooking games masala express, cooking games mickey mouse, cooking games math, cooking games miniclip, cooking games mafa, cooking games make your own dish, cooking games mama, cooking games multiplayer, cooking games mama kills animals, cooking games new, cooking games nintendo switch, cooking games noodles, new cooking games for girls, nick cooking games, cooking games on ps4, cooking games offline, cooking games of girl, cooking games on android, cooking games of dora, cooking games of chota bheem, cooking games of boys, cooking games open, cooking games of mr bean, cooking games pc, cooking games papa, cooking games ps4, cooking games play, cooking games play doh, cooking games play online, cooking games pizza, cooking games panda, cooking games please, cooking games ps3, cooking games real, cooking games restaurant, cooking games real food, cooking games roblox, ihascupquake cooking games with red, realistic cooking games, virtual reality games cooking, cooking games sara, cooking games simulator, cooking games store, cooking games songs, cooking games strawberry shortcake, cooking games steam, cooking games switch, smosh games cooking, sara cooking games for girls, sofia cooking games, cooking games to play now, cooking games toys, cooking games to download, cooking games to play online, cooking games to play for girls, cooking games to play now free, cooking games to play for children, cooking games that you can play, cooking games tamil, cooking games unblocked, wii u cooking games, cooking games vr, cooking games videos for kids, barbie cooking games videos, vixella cooking games, cooking games with clay, cooking games with levels, cooking games with barbie, cooking games we can play, cooking games with kids, cooking games wii u, cooking games with many levels, cooking games with baby hazel, cooking games with play doh, cooking games with jacksepticeye, cooking games xbox one, cooking games xbox 360, cooking games youtube, cooking games y8, cooking games y8 online, y8 games cooking cake, youtube cooking games for girls, zombie cooking games, top 10 cooking games, top 10 cooking games for pc, top 10 cooking games for ios, cooking games 2018, cooking games 2016, best cooking games 2018, games cooking mama 2, cooking games 3d, top 5 cooking games
Cooking in the kitchen Download app store https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tgg.kidscooking&pageId=107446109532930496264 *New Recipes* Pizza and Spaghetti with Meatballs! In this cooking game we have a couple of recipes for you. You can choose what to bake: fries and a hamburger, a donut or soup. The most of the dishes you can decorate them also with different toppings or toys. Cooking in the Kitchen features: ✔ Choose from 3 different dishes ✔ Make fries and a hamburger ✔ Bake and decorate your own donut ✔ Cook your own soup ✔ Easy to play for kids Please Subscribe: http://goo.gl/krdHWZ
♥♥♥ Hi my friends! If you enjoyed my video please Comment, Like, Favorite, Subscribe and Share. I Love You All. ♥♥♥ ***************************************************************** Click Here To Subscribe ArcadeGaming! ►https://goo.gl/x5MhV9 ► PLAYLIST: https://goo.gl/6hzDFf ***************************************************************** Toca Kitchen 2 By Toca Boca ➔ Download Link Play Android : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tocaboca.tocakitchen2 Play iOS : https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/toca-kitchen-2/id943869618?mt=8 --- The wildly popular Toca Kitchen is back! With new guests to cook for, more tools to play with and new food combinations to test out, Toca Kitchen 2 invites all chefs to get messy and start playing! GET CREATIVE Who said dishes have to be pretty and tasty? In Toca Kitchen 2 you can cook however you want! Juice tomatoes, boil the salad or make a burger. Come up with your very own recipes and treat your guests to something special. MAKE A MESS With five different kitchen tools to choose from, you have the perfect setup for preparing fun foods! Load up with your favorite ingredients, add a squeeze of messiness and finish off with a pinch of weirdness. Time to let your guest have a bite! Was it a winner? WATCH THEIR REACTIONS Discover your guests’ preferences by watching their reactions. Oven-baked fish head with fried leftovers and lettuce juice coming right up! Oh, they didn’t like it? Try adding some salt. It’s fun to get the “ew”!
Fun Kitchen Cooking Kids Games - Toca Kitchen 2 Fun Delicous Cooking For Children & Kids Download:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tocaboca.tocakitchen2 The wildly popular Toca Kitchen is back! With new guests to cook for, more tools to play with and new food combinations to test out, Toca Kitchen 2 invites all chefs to get messy and start playing! GET CREATIVE Who said dishes have to be pretty and tasty? In Toca Kitchen 2 you can cook however you want! Juice tomatoes, boil the salad or make a burger. Come up with your very own recipes and treat your guests to something special. MAKE A MESS With six different kitchen tools to choose from, you have the perfect setup for preparing fun foods! Load up with your favorite ingredients, add a squeeze of messiness and finish off with a pinch of weirdness. Time to let your guest have a bite! Was it a winner? WATCH THEIR REACTIONS Discover your guests’ preferences by watching their reactions. Oven-baked fish head with fried leftovers and lettuce juice coming right up! Oh, they didn’t like it? Try adding some salt. It’s fun to get the “ew”! We added a whole lot of fun stuff! You can now enjoy cooking: New foods! - Chicken - Prawn - Pineapple - Corn - Peach - Strawberry - Watermelon - Onion - Octupus leg - Spaghetti - Rice New condiments! - Ketchup - Dressing - Soy Watch the characters react on burning hot sauce, sour lemon and laugh at loud burps. At last but not least, we added more levels of grossness to the characters. Have fun! Features: - New ingredients in the fridge - New characters to feed - Stronger character reactions - New juicer and oven - Deep fryer! You can now deep fry anything. Get your crust on. - No rules or stress - just open-ended, kid-directed fun! - No third-party advertising - No in-app purchases
My Second Channel :) https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGwjYoGmkxh0_sQsO_dZilA/videos ♥ PLEASE ENJOY MY VIDEO TO HELP MY JOB, TO BE ABLE TO CONTINUE WITH THE VIDEOS! Hey my friends,please if liked my video please subscribe and share to help me. Thank you . Turn on the bell for more videos please for help me :) ♥♥♥♥ Best Games for Kids to Play iTunes Download https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/desserts-cooking-for-party/id1315603809?mt=8 There is an appetizing smell around and that is coming from your just fresh baked cake. It seems like you are preparing yourself for a party and what kind of party is that without sweets? This new cooking game is going to present you the bonus point on being a baker of goodies when you have to throw fast a party. Show off your abilities in the kitchen and prove your talent because nothing says better you are a real chef then a masterpiece tray of cupcakes. Start with fulfilling your shopping cart with needed ingredients and donít dare miss any of it because in that way you wonít be able to complete your recipe. When you return to the kitchen go to take a big bowl and add the flour, the salt and the eggs also put the butter, the sugar, the vanilla extract, the brown sugar and mix them well. Before that there is an interactive game that will make you choose the ingredients and place them in the asked order. Once the composition is mixed you have to place it in the special cupcake tray and place it in the oven to get baked. Pull them out an start decorating with delicious toppings and flavors. To complete the dish and the table with goodies add some already prepared sweets and arrange them to have a nice plating. You have to look at this as a proper challenge and there is no need to panic because after all if you followed the steps and go after instructions you should be proud of your work. Now you might decide where you belong in the kitchen and what type of experience you want to earn in time and we hoped this game help you achieve that. Donít miss any of these exciting features this game presents by checking them in the below area: - Easy control of the game - Dexterity in making tasty specialties - Free to play - New recipe to make and themed party desserts - Develop your cooking skills and upgrade them if you have to - Create a delicious plate of desserts for a party - Awesome background music and great graphics Page in Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/bestgamesforkids01/
Toca Kitchen 2 By Toca Boca ♥ If you enjoyed my video please Comment, Like, Favorite, Subscribe and Share. I Love You All. ►Subscribe: http://goo.gl/MNlHI3 The wildly popular Toca Kitchen is back! With new guests to cook for, more tools to play with and new food combinations to test out, Toca Kitchen 2 invites all chefs to get messy and start playing! GET CREATIVE Who said dishes have to be pretty and tasty? In Toca Kitchen 2 you can cook however you want! Juice tomatoes, boil the salad or make a burger. Come up with your very own recipes and treat your guests to something special. MAKE A MESS With six different kitchen tools to choose from, you have the perfect setup for preparing fun foods! Load up with your favorite ingredients, add a squeeze of messiness and finish off with a pinch of weirdness. Time to let your guest have a bite! Was it a winner? WATCH THEIR REACTIONS Discover your guests’ preferences by watching their reactions. Oven-baked fish head with fried leftovers and lettuce juice coming right up! Oh, they didn’t like it? Try adding some salt. It’s fun to get the “ew”! We added a whole lot of fun stuff! You can now enjoy cooking: New foods! - Chicken - Prawn - Pineapple - Corn - Peach - Strawberry - Watermelon - Onion - Octopus - Spaghetti - Rice New condiments! - Ketchup - Dressing - Soy Watch the characters react to spicy hot sauce and sour lemons or and laugh at loud burps. At last but not least, we added more levels of grossness to the characters. Have fun! Features: - New ingredients in the fridge - New characters to feed - Stronger character reactions - New juicer and oven - Deep fryer! You can now deep fry anything. Get your crust on. - No rules or stress - just open-ended, kid-directed fun! - No third-party advertising - No in-app purchases Download: Android: https://goo.gl/5Y35tT
Cooking Apple Pie Chocolate Pie Cook games Android İos Free Game GAMEPLAY VİDEO It is time to sharpen your cooking skills and become a master chef at desserts in this great cooking game. It is Anna’s first attempt of cooking apple pie, so she could use all the help she can get. Apple pie is one of the all-time classic desserts and no one ever gets tired of its delicious taste, so join Anna in this fun cooking experience and bake together a yummy dessert. Here is how to make apple pie: peel the apples, mix the flour, salt and sugar into a bowl, add the butter to the flour mixture and let the dough grow, add the caramelized apples and put the entire composition in the oven. With these easy steps, Anna and you could become the next pie baking contest winners with your great apple pie. The end result will be so tasty and delicious that you will not be able to believe you made it all by yourself. Anna will be extremely happy and grateful that thanks to your help, she has learned to bake a tasteful apple pie in this extraordinary cooking game. download link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.cookingapplepie&hl=en
Toca Kitchen 2 Android Gameplay Children Game - Fun Cooking Kitchen Tools Games for Kids • Subscribe to aGamesView : https://goo.gl/0HqLWC The wildly popular Toca Kitchen is back! With new guests to cook for, more tools to play with and new food combinations to test out, Toca Kitchen 2 invites all chefs to get messy and start playing! GET CREATIVE Who said dishes have to be pretty and tasty? In Toca Kitchen 2 you can cook however you want! Juice tomatoes, boil the salad or make a burger. Come up with your very own recipes and treat your guests to something special. MAKE A MESS With six different kitchen tools to choose from, you have the perfect setup for preparing fun foods! Load up with your favorite ingredients, add a squeeze of messiness and finish off with a pinch of weirdness. Time to let your guest have a bite! Was it a winner? WATCH THEIR REACTIONS Discover your guests’ preferences by watching their reactions. Oven-baked fish head with fried leftovers and lettuce juice coming right up! Oh, they didn’t like it? Try adding some salt. It’s fun to get the “ew”! We added a whole lot of fun stuff! You can now enjoy cooking: New foods! - Chicken - Prawn - Pineapple - Corn - Peach - Strawberry - Watermelon - Onion - Octupus leg - Spaghetti - Rice New condiments! - Ketchup - Dressing - Soy Watch the characters react on burning hot sauce, sour lemon and laugh at loud burps. At last but not least, we added more levels of grossness to the characters. Have fun! Features: - New ingredients in the fridge - New characters to feed - Stronger character reactions - New juicer and oven - Deep fryer! You can now deep fry anything. Get your crust on. - No rules or stress - just open-ended, kid-directed fun! - No third-party advertising - No in-app purchases *** Subscribe to our YouTube channel! http://bit.ly/YouTube_GooglePlay *** ABOUT TOCA BOCA At Toca Boca, we believe in the power of play to spark kids’ imaginations and help them learn about the world. We design our products from the kids' perspective to empower kids to be playful, to be creative and to be who they want to be. Our products include award-winning apps that have been downloaded more than 130 million times in 215 countries and offer fun, safe, open-ended play experiences. Learn more about Toca Boca and our products at tocaboca.com. PRIVACY POLICY Privacy is an issue that we take very seriously. To learn more about how we work with these matters, please read our privacy policy: http://tocaboca.com/privacy Download link: - Google Play: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tocaboca.tocakitchen2&pageId=102376621564924945566 - iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/toca-kitchen-2/id943869618?mt=8
Princess Kitchen - Fun Cooking Games - Royal Palace Dinner Party & Dress Up Girls Games by TutoTOONS Download iOS:http://apple.co/2lzUh3q PlayStore:http://bit.ly/2mudeJc Princess is throwing a royal dinner party and she needs your help in the kitchen! Play in the castle kitchen and prepare the most delicious meals for the royal dinner! Make vegetable soup, serve cheese snacks and bake a yummy apple pie. Be attentive and chase away every mouse that lives in the pantry. Learn to set the table for dinner and help Princess get ready for the evening - play Princess dress up and find her a perfect dress! PRINCESS KITCHEN games for girls: - Roast cheese, slice vegetables and make the most delicious snacks! - Mix flour, sugar, salt, butter and egg, chop apples and bake a super tasty apple pie! - Cut and chop fresh vegetables, add spices and make soup for Princess friends! - Set the table: place the plates, silverware, tea cups and napkins, decorate with flowers and light candles! - Play Princess dress up game and create a fabulous dinner party dress outfit! - Catch the mice that are hiding in the pantry and test your memory! - Complete your own dessert and cake collection! - Watch kids videos with Princess and get extra coins! Get ready to slice, cut, chop, cook and bake in the best Princess Kitchen games for girls! - - - ABOUT TutoTOONS Games for Kids Crafted and play-tested with kids and toddlers, TutoTOONS games cherish the childhood and help children learn the basic life skills through games they really love. Dress up games can develop creativity and art skills, cleanup games build good every day habits, cooking games show how to help parents at home, pet games teach to share and care. These are just a few examples how TutoTOONS games let children explore the world around them and develop on their screen time. Discover more fun with TutoTOONS! Play our games: http://tutotoons.com/apps Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/TutoTOONSGames Like us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/tutotoonsgames Follow us on Instagram: https://instagram.com/tutotoons/ Meet us on Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Tutotoonsgames Get our newsletter: http://ow.ly/HlYbn
Today is a beautiful day, girls, and we intend on celebrate this fun day with another fun batch of new games, because we really want you to have tons of fun with us, on our site games-kids.com. It's time to continue today's fun with another new cooking game, Cooking Oreo Cheesecake, and this is a game that has specially been uploaded on our site, for those of you girls that love cooking games, and moreover, are big fans of cooking and dessert recipes. In this new game that we have been talking about, you girls will get to learn a very delicious, and not at all hard to make, dessert recipe, oreo cheesecake. This recipe combines two of the most loved desserts of them all, oreo and cheesecake, and you will learn how to prepare it in such simple steps. Have fun darlings! Play game: http://www.gamesmiracle.com/games/play.php?game=cooking_oreo_cheese_cake If you like our videos Please Subscribe :)
Donwload Link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.ldGamesStudio.FreshPastaCookingGamesforGirls&rdid=air.ldGamesStudio.FreshPastaCookingGamesforGirls All those girls that want to play new cooking games will be glad to see our newest idea for pasta cooking games. It's called Fresh Pasta - Cooking games for girls and there you will look like your mom in the kitchen, because there is everything you like in all pasta maker games. For the first level of our cooking games we invite you in the supermarket to buy all the ingredients that you need to cook delicious italian pasta. Take the basket and put there eggs, grinder for the cheese, olive oil, cheese, meat, tomatoes and of course, the pasta maker machine. All these will help you to prepare one of the most delicious italian pasta recipe. The second level of this kind of cooking games for girls will bring you in our complete and cute virtual kitchen, where you can find all the tools from your dreams for your cooking simulation experience. First you must mix the ingredients and make the dough. After that cut it using the pasta maker machine and put the spaghetti to boil. In the meantime you should learn how to prepare pasta sauce with tomatoes and cheese . Mix the italian pasta with this yummy sauce, add the meat and see the results : you just finish to play pasta games and cook your first tasty spaghetti dish. Fresh Pasta - Cooking games for girls features : - a complete supermarket with all ingredients that you need for pasta cooking games - a nice and big kitchen for pasta maker games fans - modern machines to help you to cook delicious italian spaghetti - easy to play for all kids that like this type of cooking games We think that you will be happy to see our newest pasta games and try them as much as you want. For other suggestions, please write in your comments what do you like to find in this kind of pasta cooking games and we will try to improve them as you like. LD Games Studio on google play. https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=LD+Games+Studio Follow us on facebook https://www.facebook.com/LD-Games-Studio-138726540191448/
♥♥♥ Hi my friends! If you enjoyed my video please Comment, Like, Favorite, Subscribe and Share. I Love You All. ♥♥♥ ***************************************************************** Click Here To Subscribe ArcadeGaming! ►https://goo.gl/x5MhV9 ► PLAYLIST: https://goo.gl/6hzDFf ***************************************************************** Toca Kitchen 2 By Toca Boca ➔ Download Link Play Android : https://play.google.com/store/apps/de... Play iOS : https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/toca-... The wildly popular Toca Kitchen is back! With new guests to cook for, more tools to play with and new food combinations to test out, Toca Kitchen 2 invites all chefs to get messy and start playing! GET CREATIVE Who said dishes have to be pretty and tasty? In Toca Kitchen 2 you can cook however you want! Juice tomatoes, boil the salad or make a burger. Come up with your very own recipes and treat your guests to something special. MAKE A MESS With five different kitchen tools to choose from, you have the perfect setup for preparing fun foods! Load up with your favorite ingredients, add a squeeze of messiness and finish off with a pinch of weirdness. Time to let your guest have a bite! Was it a winner? WATCH THEIR REACTIONS Discover your guests’ preferences by watching their reactions. Oven-baked fish head with fried leftovers and lettuce juice coming right up! Oh, they didn’t like it? Try adding some salt. It’s fun to get the “ew”!
Barbie Cooking Games And Dress Up Games And Make Up Games: https://youtu.be/Cxy-RYJA0HU Play game online: http://www.cookinggames.com/games/barbie/ ===================================================== This Channel contains various things such as new and funny Games and Movies for Kids/Toodlers/Childrens and Babies, almost every day on this channel, feel free to subscribe to see more games videos from your kids favourites characters such as Baby Hazel, Dora The Explorer, Bubble Guppies, Peppa Pig, Paw Patrol and Team umizoomi, we try to provide quality content for your kids such as educational Games, educational tools and practical skills through their Favorites Characters like Paw Patrol, Frozen, Spongebob Squarepants, Bubble Guppies, Thomas and Friends and much more! Theses are games for childrens, kids games, girl games, baby games mostly new or the newest, the best of 2017 games! Feel free to hit the subscribe button! ====================================================== Thank you for watching!"
Princess is throwing a royal dinner party and she needs your help in the kitchen! Subscribe now Play & Learn Kids Games: https://goo.gl/Oi4k4H Play in the castle kitchen and prepare the most delicious meals for the royal dinner! Make vegetable soup, serve cheese snacks and bake a yummy apple pie. Be attentive and chase away every mouse that lives in the pantry. Learn to set the table for dinner and help Princess get ready for the evening - play Princess dress up and find her a perfect dress! PRINCESS KITCHEN games for girls: - Roast cheese, slice vegetables and make the most delicious snacks! - Mix flour, sugar, salt, butter and egg, chop apples and bake a super tasty apple pie! - Cut and chop fresh vegetables, add spices and make soup for Princess friends! - Set the table: place the plates, silverware, tea cups and napkins, decorate with flowers and light candles! - Play Princess dress up game and create a fabulous dinner party dress outfit! - Catch the mice that are hiding in the pantry and test your memory! - Complete your own dessert and cake collection! - Watch kids videos with Princess and get extra coins! Download Link Play Android : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.com.tutotoons.app.princesskitchen.free Play iOS : https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/princess-kitchen-royal-palace/id1068159409?mt=8
Barbie Cooking Games - BARBECUE CHICKEN SANDWICH - Papa Kids Games Who wouldn't love to eat chicken sandwich, right? Specially when it's barbecue flavor. In this game, you will be able to make your own version of barbecue chicken sandwich. Just follow to the steps and you'll surely have the best sandwich ever! ► PLAY this Game: http://vi.y8.com/games/barbecue_chicken_sandwich ► Playlist New Game: https://goo.gl/cljlzy ► Playlist Dora The Explorer: https://goo.gl/QXqOuG Papa Kids Game is a channel specialized for entertainment all your kids, babies and children with animated cartoon gameplay, games for girls and boys then show free online games for kids are what you need! Probably the best and newest games videos for kids and baby that you can find on youtube. So feel happy with Papa Kids , please don’t forget Comment and Subscribe! ►SUBSCRIBE for more kids games: https://goo.gl/w9MgUA
Toca Kitchen 2 By Toca Boca ●Subscribe Now: http://bit.ly/ArcadeGoTrailers The wildly popular Toca Kitchen is back! With new guests to cook for, more tools to play with and new food combinations to test out, Toca Kitchen 2 invites all chefs to get messy and start playing! GET CREATIVE Who said dishes have to be pretty and tasty? In Toca Kitchen 2 you can cook however you want! Juice tomatoes, boil the salad or make a burger. Come up with your very own recipes and treat your guests to something special. MAKE A MESS With six different kitchen tools to choose from, you have the perfect setup for preparing fun foods! Load up with your favorite ingredients, add a squeeze of messiness and finish off with a pinch of weirdness. Time to let your guest have a bite! Was it a winner? WATCH THEIR REACTIONS Discover your guests’ preferences by watching their reactions. Oven-baked fish head with fried leftovers and lettuce juice coming right up! Oh, they didn’t like it? Try adding some salt. It’s fun to get the “ew”! We added a whole lot of fun stuff! You can now enjoy cooking: New foods! - Chicken - Prawn - Pineapple - Corn - Peach - Strawberry - Watermelon - Onion - Octopus - Spaghetti - Rice New condiments! - Ketchup - Dressing - Soy Download The Game Android: https://goo.gl/Eaus7H
♥♥♥ Hi my friends! If you enjoyed my video please Comment, Like, Favorite, Subscribe and Share. I Love You All. ♥♥♥ ***************************************************************** Click Here To Subscribe ArcadeGaming! ►https://goo.gl/x5MhV9 ► PLAYLIST: https://goo.gl/6hzDFf ***************************************************************** Toca Kitchen 2 By Toca Boca ➔ Download Link Play Android : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tocaboca.tocakitchen2 Play iOS : https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/toca-kitchen-2/id943869618?mt=8 The wildly popular Toca Kitchen is back! With new guests to cook for, more tools to play with and new food combinations to test out, Toca Kitchen 2 invites all chefs to get messy and start playing! GET CREATIVE Who said dishes have to be pretty and tasty? In Toca Kitchen 2 you can cook however you want! Juice tomatoes, boil the salad or make a burger. Come up with your very own recipes and treat your guests to something special. MAKE A MESS With five different kitchen tools to choose from, you have the perfect setup for preparing fun foods! Load up with your favorite ingredients, add a squeeze of messiness and finish off with a pinch of weirdness. Time to let your guest have a bite! Was it a winner? WATCH THEIR REACTIONS Discover your guests’ preferences by watching their reactions. Oven-baked fish head with fried leftovers and lettuce juice coming right up! Oh, they didn’t like it? Try adding some salt. It’s fun to get the “ew”!
Toca Kitchen 2 By Toca Boca ➔ Download Link Play Android : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tocaboca.tocakitchen2 Play iOS : https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/toca-kitchen-2/id943869618?mt=8 The wildly popular Toca Kitchen is back! With new guests to cook for, more tools to play with and new food combinations to test out, Toca Kitchen 2 invites all chefs to get messy and start playing! GET CREATIVE Who said dishes have to be pretty and tasty? In Toca Kitchen 2 you can cook however you want! Juice tomatoes, boil the salad or make a burger. Come up with your very own recipes and treat your guests to something special. MAKE A MESS With five different kitchen tools to choose from, you have the perfect setup for preparing fun foods! Load up with your favorite ingredients, add a squeeze of messiness and finish off with a pinch of weirdness. Time to let your guest have a bite! Was it a winner? WATCH THEIR REACTIONS Discover your guests’ preferences by watching their reactions. Oven-baked fish head with fried leftovers and lettuce juice coming right up! Oh, they didn’t like it? Try adding some salt. It’s fun to get the “ew”!
Learn Cooking Cakes and Play Fun with Kitchen Tools Kids Games - Play and Learn Making Cakes Fun 3d Cake Maker Kids Lovely Cakes Cooking Games for Children and Famlies -Learn how to bake Colorful Cakes Play Fun Kitchen Cooking for Children. Download Game Play Android : https://goo.gl/n5xbm3 Play iOS : https://apple.co/2DBQDjx Help Lizzie open up world-famous bakeries and take specific orders from her demanding customers! - Learn how to bake delicious, mouth-watering desserts! - With your assistance, Lizzie will become the most talented pastry chef ever! - Learn how to bake tons of desserts from so many yummy recipes! - Make your cakes extra fancy with colorful cake decorations! - Dress up Lizzie like the true baker she is! Give her a pretty chef’s hat and a pretty apron! - Show off your baker skills and win first prize in baking contests and cake fairs! - Get ready to bake the tastiest desserts ever, from apple yogurt smoothies to princess birthday cakes! - Build up your reputation and become the most famous baker in the world!
Sara's Cooking Class Risotto is a Dish worth learning to Cook it,go ahead and watch this Children Games Video.
DOWNLOAD: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appatrix.chef.bake.kids.school.training Are you fond of cooking exotic food and yummiest cuisine and want to become top super chef of restaurant cooking games? So, start playing role of virtual chef in 3D kitchen cooking game and take delicious cuisines cooking training in fun cooking games. Start taking world best 3d cooking restaurant fun cooking training and fill your craze for cooking learning in virtual kitchen simulator cooking games. Begin your learning cooking journey & open brand new street food restaurant business. Instigate cooking journey with top super chef and use food maker to cook delicious sweet desserts & grill dishes in free fun 3d cooking games for girls. Learn cooking food and make best super chefs delicious street food in fun cooking restaurant games and be the rising chef of ny times cooking games! Kitchen chef fun cooking training is about to start in the grill food court carnival fair of street food restaurant cooking games, so, are you ready for it? Play role of virtual chef in fast food restaurant cooking training learning game. Learn and cook delicious meals & sweet dishes like, mouthwatering cake, pancakes, muffins & cookies in restaurant cooking games. Take command on kitchen cooking journey and demonstrate cooking skills of a super chef, all you have to do is gather up all kitchen chefs ingredients, cook food in fun restaurant and show your cooking skills to top ny times chef & make them happy in virtual chef restaurant fun cooking games. Practice your cooking techniques and time management skills in fun restaurant cooking games for girls. Kitchen chef fun cooking have never been so much fun learning and exciting before! Enjoy fun ways to learn & cook scrumptious food and sweet desserts in food serving cooking games! Top super chefs in this cooking game can’t wait to try your scrumptious sweet dishes, so cook delicious food for them. Though, it will be a real cooking learning & training cooking games challenge for you! Beat your cooking competitors in ny times cooking contest and win the best virtual chef of restaurant cooking master of the new York city! Sweet dessert & fast food super chefs! Cook delicious food to have fun in ultimate new fun restaurant cooking games. Make your free kitchen restaurant cooking games story fascinating by taking your cooking journey from beginning kitchen chef to best food court super chef. Learn restaurant cooking & time management skills to cook delicious food and become the top super chef of ny times! Ready yourself for this challenging first 3d cooking learning games for girls! Super Chef Kitchen Story Cooking Games For Girls Features: • Multiple challenging learning fun cooking games levels! • Amaze everyone with super chef fine cooking skills! • Test your cooking management and time management skills • Best restaurant cooking games graphics and sound effects! Play virtual chef restaurant games and accomplish all learning cooking story challenging cooking game levels! Download super chef kitchen story cooking games for girls and give us your feedback, so we can make more super chefs new restaurant learning & training 3d cooking games for you.
COOKING MAMA Let's Cook Hamburgers making "Cooking games for kids" Android İos Free Game GAMEPLAY VİDEO Have Fun Cooking with Simple Controls! With a chop chop, a bubble bubble, and a sizzle sizzle... Anyone can enjoy the simple, intuitive touch controls of the dozens of varied minigames! Grab your apron and aim for the rank of ""Special Chef! ▼Combine All Kinds of Recipes! What weird or wonderful combinations can you make by combining two recipes? Get creative and mix your meals! ▼Treat Papa to Your Dishes! Once your dish is ready, serve it up to Papa! The better your cooking is, the more delighted he will be! ▼Papa's Daily Request! Hamburgers, pizza, ice cream... Fulfill Papa's requests and get fun gifts in return! ▼Play Every Day to Get Special Rewards! Log in each day to receive a login stamp! Collect 7 stamps to get an exciting new recipe!
Yesss! Our favorite virtual pet got a new update! TONS of new stuff! Check it out in this gameplay video, all things unlocked! Check before you buy it! :) Check out what is new: - Christmas pack activated - new cooking mini-games - new dreaming mini-games - new art & music room SUBSCRIBE for more DUDDU videos!
Fun cooking games for children toca kitchen educational kids games - Toca Kitchen Games For Children
Toca Kitchen 2 By Toca Boca Fun cooking games for children toca kitchen educational kids games Dowload iOS:http://apple.co/2iMtwHi PlayStore:http://bit.ly/2ipoALP The wildly popular Toca Kitchen is back! With new guests to cook for, more tools to play with and new food combinations to test out, Toca Kitchen 2 invites all chefs to get messy and start playing! GET CREATIVE Who said dishes have to be pretty and tasty? In Toca Kitchen 2 you can cook however you want! Juice tomatoes, boil the salad or make a burger. Come up with your very own recipes and treat your guests to something special. MAKE A MESS With six different kitchen tools to choose from, you have the perfect setup for preparing fun foods! Load up with your favorite ingredients, add a squeeze of messiness and finish off with a pinch of weirdness. Time to let your guest have a bite! Was it a winner? WATCH THEIR REACTIONS Discover your guests’ preferences by watching their reactions. Oven-baked fish head with fried leftovers and lettuce juice coming right up! Oh, they didn’t like it? Try adding some salt. It’s fun to get the “ew”! We added a whole lot of fun stuff! You can now enjoy cooking: New foods! - Chicken - Prawn - Pineapple - Corn - Peach - Strawberry - Watermelon - Onion - Octupus leg - Spaghetti - Rice New condiments! - Ketchup - Dressing - Soy Watch the characters react on burning hot sauce, sour lemon and laugh at loud burps. At last but not least, we added more levels of grossness to the characters. Have fun! Features: - New ingredients in the fridge - New characters to feed - Stronger character reactions - New juicer and oven - Deep fryer! You can now deep fry anything. Get your crust on. - No rules or stress - just open-ended, kid-directed fun! - No third-party advertising - No in-app purchases *** Subscribe to our YouTube channel! http://bit.ly/YouTube_GooglePlay *** ABOUT TOCA BOCA At Toca Boca, we believe in the power of play to spark kids’ imaginations and help them learn about the world. We design our products from the kids' perspective to empower kids to be playful, to be creative and to be who they want to be. Our products include award-winning apps that have been downloaded more than 130 million times in 215 countries and offer fun, safe, open-ended play experiences. Learn more about Toca Boca and our products at tocaboca.com. PRIVACY POLICY Privacy is an issue that we take very seriously. To learn more about how we work with these matters, please read our privacy policy: http://tocaboca.com/privacy
You can construct your own life. Its really down to you which sort of world you would like to play in. When you grow up, you typically get told that the world is the manner that its. But we would like to give people the opportunity to experience this, and we also need people testing that map. The purpose of that story is to try to explain the reason why I think even the threat of violence isnt something which should be joked about. Confirm the opposite end of the power cable is wholly joined to the outlet. To answer these, Ill provide you a little background on each one of the games involved. There are a couple easy tactics to pinpoint the origin of the issue. We wish to do it, but were just limited by resources at this time. Your Internet service provider may have intermittent server difficulties. We would like to make sure that everybody plays on the servers which are best for them, but right now, we would like to concentrate on stabilising. The Little-Known Secrets to Pubg Quotes
Usually, PUBG matches are a great deal more tense and stressful affairs. A favorite customized game in PUBG involves 1 team taking on the remainder of the 96 players zombies in the lobby, however, to commence these matches you have to frequently be a content creator to be a partner of PUBG. Players also acquire experience, which accumulates to get higher levels. They start with a pickaxe that can be used to break down objects in the world. This way you can spot and pick off players that are running towards the middle of the circle. Which is an integral reason PUBG has attracted so many players around the planet. Whether youre somebody whos a significant gamer or somebody whos playing casually, getting absolutely free items and coins is almost always a super huge bonus, and PUBG mobile gives you that small reward each time you log in at the start of daily. What to Expect From Pubg Quotes?
In case you have any questions regarding the website, please send an email to our support. The issue also can appear on flat-panel monitors that were bumped. Press the power button to turn off the monitor if it continues to occur. Replace the video cable if it continues. The idea itself isnt mine. For the time being, its a sobering notion to, in two clicks of a button, see recorded the best moment of a persons life, followed by whats possibly the worst. Its fair, to start out with. It will take a while to establish which game is taking the better approach. Because of the limited number of resources, were not able to accept everyone at this moment. Unfortunately, because of the uncertainty of exclusivity deals, it can be some time before that reality arrives to pass. To prevent cookies, its possible to either switch off cookies in your browser settings or opt not to pay a visit to Fragbite. The Quote Overview page provides you with a snapshot view for a certain symbol. Fortnites map might not be exactly 8km x 8km in dimension, but cursory tests suggest a much the same island size.
Based on everybodys skills, maps differ from close range to medium or massive places. Since that time, the community-made map was retooled and remastered nearly a dozen times, and is presently known as Dust2. The in-game map outlines the circular zone which you want to reach from the offset, and the HUD shows a handy graph of the rest of the distance youve got to cover and how long youve left to get there. The new PUBG map is going to be a 4x4 kilometers in proportion, a quarter size of Miramar map, so the matches can be held at a significantly faster pace. In any event, you should keep moving towards a gradually shrinking playable place. Also, there arent any danger zones in the game to assemble player. The New Angle On Pubg Game Modes Just Released
Your game style has an important role here. Until then, make sure you check Battlegrounds to find out whether the customized match feature is up and running. With a number of the games finest players and most well-known streamers attending, its going to be the very first showcase of PUBGs esports potential. You can find with some completely new blend of cocktail drink and have fun naming it. The usage of oral histories is quite specific and very intricate. A wonderful case of the particular abilities is Faceless. Itas one any variety of others would do. Contrary to other lists, the amount of appearances made by the players is taken into account. Before you begin a Call of Duty WW2 Nazi zombie game, equip the exceptional ability that enables you to shoot infinite ammo for a temporary time period. What You Dont Know About Pubg Rating
You havent tasted the authentic Italian cuisine till you eat in Puglia. Utilizing traditional and contemporary techniques of brewing, its known for some exceptional beer tastes. If youre browsing for some normal British beer taste, then its possible to bank upon Carling, which is an organization that itself believes there is nothing better than the British barley. Halloumi cheese has a rather significant melting point that makes it perfect for grilling or frying. Its possible to opt from a number of alcoholic drinks but then, you need to know their names. You also get a totally free birthday drink. When a specific alcohol is mixed with fruit juice, liqueur or other flavors in a particular proportion, its referred to as a cocktail. What You Need to Know About Pubg Rating If youre thinking of visiting the Harry Potter Wizarding World, you are going to want to get the actual perspective on what to anticipate. With a timeless haunting, the soul of a dead person has made a decision to stay behind for numerous factors. Okay, unless youve been buried beneath a rock for a gamer, you already understand what TitanFall is about. Either way, be certain the fan you get is UL Listed for the application you need so you know that it can be safely installed without developing a possible electrical hazard. In more humid climates, outdoor fans are a really good pick for every room in the house. If youre planning on installing a ceiling fan in an outdoor place, its important to buy a fan thats designed particularly for that goal.
Games you make decisions Funny games with no sound Play games online farming Twitter app store games Barbie fashion games download free Play good old games Free bonus slots downloads Download free mobile video games Coloring for kids online games Cooperative survival games pc Assassins creed brotherhood deluxe All makeup and makeover games Steam inventory item missing Interactive movie pc games Cool car simulator games Brown suede heel boots Free girl games online fun Mobile most popular games Games from windows vista Team academy cs go Download windows old games Lego zoo animal games Puzzle games for dogs Free no download wolf run slots All baby fashion games Games freedom fighter download Games online learn english Double trouble games frozen All new mobile games sites Fighting play free games Free no money casino games Minecraft rpg mod inventory Coldplay astero adventure of a lifetime Drag racing games cars Minion running games online Steam games pc requirements Search games by category A new update for clash of clans My dog shop games Super hero free download games Free life simulation online games Mini girl games download Play driving cars games Games of bikes online Assassins creed revelations minecraft Map minecraft from seed The song head games Full games download android Minecraft find the pieces Slot machines free casino Fighting with powers games Armored warfare tank games Online business games for free Games danger dash java Play pizza restaurant games Best family friendly games Adventure shopping games online Mi notebook air games What is a free website to download music Thief pc games torrent Utility belt spy set Microsoft nokia lumia games Alan wake steam torrent No exe steam backup Free unlimited games no trials People speaking to each other Play go kart racing games Assassins creed revelation trailer official Download hack for games android Flash life simulation games Super car games download free Mobile live tv games Java ea games download Dota is free to play All games for girl online Youtube minecraft animations monster school Farming simulator case magnum To watch football online free Games for joystick online Interactive group games online Rainbow dash human games Cinderella party dress up games First person games on pc All blocks for minecraft pe Can you wear brown shoes with a black jacket Room escape games fun Sale your video games Army war fighting games Steam burn on hand A perfect world games Sonic games for free download New games download mobile free I love you mama games Girl basketball games play Math and reading help games Track and car games The room escape games online Best app games ever Best games online football Street games online racing game Free android application games apk Download a minecraft pe map Hot sexy xxx games Legend of the heroes games Horse riding games on pc Google play games online free Free jackpot slot machines games Play box ten games Mario racing online free games Free on war games Minecraft mod tales of kingdoms Steam money generator online Monster truck shooting games Steam auto update setting Barbour international quilted jacket black Download adventure games for pc free Model in wicked games New free casino games Best space games on pc Football soccer rugby games All things scary games Games software download free Free to download ebooks pdf Sex games pc top Star wars galaxies trading cards games All free gun shooting games Minecraft run out of memory java Two player shooter games Brown men leather jacket Olympic games stadium beijing Best windows for games pc Fun educational video games Secret dress up games Dress up vote games Bmw fast car games Mario and sonic games for wii Guys who play games with you Download minecraft last version Word puzzles and more White navy striped shirt Laptop freezes in games Best games for laptop The games abc tv Html codes games online Pixie hollow games disney fairies Android games rooted phones Cupcakes games play free Online fight games free Good mac rpg games Akabur games hermione trainer Connecting games on line Good pc star wars games Free games com video Counter strike no cd key Games for mobile touch screen Hypixel server in minecraft Goblin mod do minecraft Crash pc games download Board games about space Pc chess games free download Play online games of detective Pc games to free download How to minecraft with friends Animals in sports games Hunger games servers minecraft premium Evil games free download Games hidden football game Clash royale games play Victoria heart of darkness steam Portable games pc torrent Cs go for sfm Minecraft skin from the hood Circle games with a ball Make money with games Youtube games gta san andreas Best online playstation games Car cool racing games Ftl advanced edition steam Car racing mini games Games you must escape Lego games yoda chronicles I love dressup games Elsa have baby games Adult hentai anime games Other meanings of think Two of kind games Fun free games and apps Family games in home Dragon mania java games Do your own minecraft skin Games but will not uninstall Latest free games on ios Video games nintendo wii Minecraft what to build in a house Football games free watch Tennis and soccer games Indian games dress up Dog and cat fighting games Yo go girl games Rise of nations like games Black quilted leather moto jacket Porn games with tsunade Bus games for android Done playing video games Top games for android strategy Most played games on steam now All new mmo games Playing card games history Transformers games for wii Feel the object games How to get ender dragon egg in minecraft Games for cooperative play Hacking minecraft pe servers The lost cities minecraft The hunger games start To download free games for android High brown suede boots Fox titan sport jacket black Miniclip games man or monster Chess games two players Minecraft sky map survival Steam mini motor racing evo Free game boy games Car racing games super Talos principle steam rip Games for two joystick Free games hack download Clan rules in clash of clans Virtual games of babies World racing games download Each games for android Womens black fur jacket Minecraft hide and seek games Transformer robots in disguise games Minecraft mod loader all versions Big bang theory to watch free Race online multiplayer games Make my torso longer Cfg cs go fer Mob com android games Battlefield hardline is bad The best rocket games Free chess games pc Online lego games free My taking part in olympic games Stalker lost alpha steam Mlp sex games videos Games for phone android free Adventure time the world Girl and boy naughty games Tiger blood cs go Mods for minecraft pe multiplayer Wallhack by wopox steam Download marvel super heroes games I love pets games Games my video card can play Online strategy games medieval Realistic minecraft resource packs Forums for board games Desperado antonio banderas gtp Running steam in offline mode Searching games to play free Play login games free online Free to play games big fish Shooting drive by games Steam gifts region locked Interesting sports day games Top games online for android Fast switching cs go Shirt the hunger games Free site games online Shower and steam enclosures Soccer physics crazy games Batman games at cartoon network Tank games free download Games uno and friends Girl games that is cool Best physics destruction games Game show online games free All new cats games Friv games girl boy Games avatar legend of korra Queen clash of clans Titan quest steam community Download games subway surf free Games for school fun night Assassins creed anthology repack List of computer games Play games hd online free Can i play peppa pig games Zombies in minecraft videos Download games windows vista Best flash games escape The great one steam Dating games on ds Other people have problems Dress up for boy games Olympic games host cities summer Best games female characters What is a telltale games series Cat talk games download Games not to buy used Naughty and funny games App market download free games Download mini games for minecraft Bored in school play games Live soccer games app Party games for game of thrones All games ever made Lovers with pk oblivion Condition zero counter strike download for pc free Minecraft mods extended workbench Zombies games call of duty Steam cs go id Mac os x steam client Path of exile steam linking List of violent games Common games for android Sea fishing games boat Pc angry birds games San andreas race games Games for toddlers to learn colors Games with pets care Watt steam engine year invented A rose by any other name would smell Popular games play store English movies to watch online for free Free speed online games Cs go recoil cfg All horror games wiki
Our on-going goal with Steam is to improve the service we offer customers. We believe that by sharing this data, well be able to spot problems earlier, improve the Steam service more efficiently, and ultimately build better products and experiences. Let us know what you think. Concurrent Steam Users (most recent 48 hours).
The second one balances difficulty and RPG mechanics seamlessly to make the game always rewarding. " Free. Recommended March 6. "Fun and engaging game with a twist that comes out of left field. Not very long, but worth the time, definitely worth a second play through to unlock all its secrets.
Download the saved game here http://adf.ly/Pv45c Full story complete. chalenges not complete Instructions: First u need a usb flash storage and create a file called PS3 and open the file and create another file "SAVEDATA" and paste the saved game there and enjoy! *Need for speed the run *cheats
Using the slowest car in the game for the final race ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Tofuboy needed money to fix his 12k RPM AE86, as well as his marriage. Can enough Fujiwara zone or DEJA VU save this unfair race against a 750hp Aston Martin One-77? Watch in 1080p, 60FPS. Sadly cutscenes are capped at 30FPS. Eurobeat soundtracks: 1) Runnin in the 90s 2) DEJA VU
Go to nfs saved games if you want to unlock all car go to http://www.needforspeedsavegames.com/savegamesf/1584-The-Run-game-completes
Just got this game about a week ago and couldnt, and wouldnt run well on my computer what so ever. I was really upset becuase this game was 60$$ including the dlc so when I found out how to overclock my cpu I gave this ago and it runs well.
A platinum medal in Need for Speed: The Run for the Underground challenge, "Fast Eddie". Shortcut at 0:47 saves some time. You have to take the upper path or it'll be blocked off. It might be a good idea to save up some boost for the long straights at the end.
Which year are you in? max gain xtreme amazon The crowd of 23 protesters gathered at 10:30am today at the Shoe Statue on Abington Street before making their way to the end of Church Lane near Lower Mounts where they blocked traffic from Campbell Square from entering or leaving.
What do you like doing in your spare time? cozaar and norvasc easyJet shares have fearsome momentum behind them as investors get on board this success story. Questor thinks this is exactly the time to head for the exit. A gain of 61pc this year is not to be sniffed at and looking at the two-year chart the shares have more than doubled. As yet these are merely paper gains. The only gains that Questor likes are those safely in the bank, so after an incredibly strong run easyJet is downgraded to a sell, from a buy.
I really like swimming university of colorado denver pharmacy school requirements In a large saucepan, on a medium heat, soften the onions in the oil for about 5 minutes without colouring. Add the pumpkin, apple, chilli, ginger and garlic and stir so that the onions and pumpkin are all coated in the oil. Put the lid on and continue to cook on a medium heat for 7-8 minutes, stirring from time to time. Add the brown sugar and stir.
How many more years do you have to go? eprosartan Mike Rogers, R-Mich., the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, came after Secretary of State John Kerry on Friday urged Sen
Do you know each other? zofran iv dosage pediatrics Some 80% of the European Union’s wholesale financial trade happens in London: it’s one of the major world centres of the business
Could I have an application form? movon solutions His motive appears to have been a "general disdain for law enforcement," Schauerhamer said.
Are you a student? 22 days nutrition meal delivery coupon code "These recent maneuverings inside the beltway are precisely why the American people rightly despise Congress," said Vitter, of Louisiana. "Perhaps if White House appointees and Congress have to live under these same Obamacare rules, things would be changed quickly for the better."
Is this a temporary or permanent position? anabolic ts made in australia Sunshine Heart said it enrolled its first patient in apivotal study of its C-Pulse heart device in the United States. The implantable device will be tested in patients with moderateto severe heart faliure.
Is this a temporary or permanent position? goqii app for pc So ironically, Schwartz was grilling Gross on SNY, home of the Mets, while Francesa was bashing the Yankees on YES, the Bombersâ TV home. The SNY report was quickly circulated on Twitter. Yet on WFAN/YES, Francesa kept hammering the Yankees. Either the report wasnât brought to his attention or he chose to ignore it. Bad idea.
Do you know the number for ? directpharma.net reviews Zoltan Takats of Imperial College London suspected the smoke produced during cancer surgery might contain some important cancer clues. So he designed a "smart" knife hooked up to a refrigerator-sized mass spectrometry device on wheels that analyzes the smoke from cauterizing tissue.
Free medical insurance enduros pills do they work Pity poor Rachael Sacks, well-off college student at the New School. Wait, we put that wrong. Pity rich Rachael Sacks, who, in the style of some in her generation, blogs every last thing thatâs in the folds of her brain, including how a cashier at Gristedes looked like she was judging her because âI grew up with a decent amount of money in a decent rich area.â
Starboard, which holds a 5.7 percent stake in theSmithfield, Virginia-based meat processor, said it will vote itsshares against Shuanghuiâs proposed $4.7 billion acquisition ata Sept. 24 shareholder meeting.
It has become apparent that The Guardian has been recruiting “whistle blowers,” Snowden really isn’t a whistle blower, he is merely self righteous and for no good reason. Every time it seems it is The Guardian that gets these stories first, must be that are recruiting people to spill the beans, espionage for the sake of news stories is still espionage because the stories are meant to do damage. Nah, all this is too fishy. One day, Putin says, “Snowden, shut up if you want asylum,” next day, The Guardian prints more leaks. Sneaky, sneaky, sneaky. All like the British press that hacked the phones of the family of murder victims; sounds like revenge on the part of the press.
How much is a Second Class stamp? ergopharm 6-oxo cena Years before the bombing, strangers harassed Lee in the streets. His offense: being Korean. âThey would yell slurs and piss on me,â Lee said. âI was a child, alone, and they would walk up and piss on me.â
Could I order a new chequebook, please? prescription drugs that can cause dementia Renamo was later adopted by the apartheid-era South Africanmilitary but abandoned the war in the 1992 pact to become theleading opposition party in Mozambique, which gainedindependence from Portugal in 1975.
good material thanks betnovate rd ointment 100g Once through the gates, posters with photos of Morsi and slogans calling him the "legitimate president" are plastered on tents, corners and light poles while giant loudspeakers play some of his fiery speeches and women chant "Morsi is my president."
British antitrust regulators saidlarge companies should be required to put their auditingcontract out to tender every five years, and be prohibited fromexcluding smaller accounting firms from bidding.
seroquel sales 2011 Flutiform is currently marketed for bronchial asthma in 12 European countries, and is approved in Israel, Australia and Hong Kong. Skyepharma chief executive Peter Grant said that “we look forward to the results of the COPD trials and to the continued roll-out of Flutiform by Mundipharma, which is already providing many asthma patients with a new and effective treatment option”.
webmed pharmacy reviews In fact, the quarterback took every single snap with the starting offense in his return to the field after suffering a minor knee injury the day before, and the expectation is for him to play in tonight’s preseason home opener against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
specificpharma.com Barclays said: "This represents a discount of approximately 40.1% to the closing price on the London Stock Exchange of 309.05p per ordinary share on 29 July 2013 ... and a discount of approximately 34.9% to the theoretical ex-rights price based on the closing price."
I work here zovirax eye ointment side effects âAfter all, whatâs happening to me also happened to Balotelli. While he was an Italian player and thatâs it, especially when playing abroad, he was in some way accepted. Then he represented Italy, playing for the Nazionale, scoring and winning. At that point, some people felt threatened.
taylor hooton The chic yet relaxed restaurant on the top floor of the Harpa Concert Hall serves modern versions of Icelandic favourites such as the local seafood soup.. The stunning views over the harbour and sea add to the atmosphere (Austerbakki 2; 569 6700).
agro pharmaceuticals india lucknow "These sanctions have tightened around the Iranian regime, further isolated them from the international community, taken a significant toll on their economy and put pressure on them to come back to the bargaining table," he said.
harga kue purimas malang âAt first, I spoke to our students about the ways in which people grieve,â read the letter, which was obtained by the newspaper after it was sent out Tuesday. âAt the second I emphasized that their safety and well-being are always our top priority.â
sunway-med.com.cn "If I'm stressed at work or home it's as if the negative thoughts swamp my mind and I can't rationalise them. I get angry with myself for allowing them to run through my head."